id,title,text,label
5511,Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy,"(Reuters) - Two U.S. senators are seeking details from Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s (GS.N) chief executive on the extent to which the bank’s employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. In a letter to CEO Lloyd Blankfein dated Feb. 9 and made public on Friday, Democratic Senators Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Baldwin asked for details on “lobbying” activities in the bank related to review of the Dodd-Frank Act and the Obama-era fiduciary rule on financial advice.  Blankfein was also asked to detail the profits Goldman would make if these reforms came into effect. “We’ve had no involvement in the drafting of any executive orders,” a Goldman spokesman said on Friday.  In December, Trump appointed Gary Cohn, former Goldman president and chief operating officer, to head the White House National Economic Council, a group that coordinates economic policy across agencies. Trump last week ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. “The executive orders released by President Trump on Friday last week raise our concerns about the degree to which Cohn’s advice to Trump is good for Wall Street, but bad for Americans,” the senators wrote on Thursday. “Goldman Sachs would be a major beneficiary of these efforts to deregulate the financial industry,” they added in the letter. Trump also named former Goldman partner Steven Mnuchin as his pick for Treasury secretary in December. The senators have asked for any communication between the bank’s employees and Cohn, Mnuchin, nominee for the SEC chair Jay Clayton and chief strategist Steve Bannon. ",1
5512,"Japan's love of tiny cars sore spot as Trump, Abe meet"," TOKYO/DETROIT (Reuters) - When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meets on Friday with U.S. President Donald Trump, Japan’s bulging automotive trade surplus will be a sore spot, but the path to balancing auto exports and imports will be no easier than it was in the 1980s.  Trump may press Abe to do more to level the trade imbalance with Japan during a White House visit or a round of golf, but the two leaders are unlikely to change the fact that the big cars and trucks that America makes do not sell in Japan.  Many Japanese consumers, faced with congested cities, favor tiny domestically-made vehicles, called kei cars, which make up more than a third of the market. Priced from around 1.1 million yen, or about $9,800, these cars have engines most Americans would consider inadequate for a motorcycle.  Even Japan’s Toyota Motor Corp and Honda Motor Co cannot convince Japanese consumers to buy models that are popular in the United States. Small sport utility vehicles such as the Toyota RAV4 and Honda’s CR-V are seen by Japanese consumers as too big.  Only about 13,000 vehicles from U.S. automakers sold in Japan in both 2016 and 2015, and of that about three-fourths were Jeep SUVs made by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. Ford Motor Co announced last month that it is pulling out of the Japanese market entirely, after selling just 2,400 vehicles there in 2016.  The Japanese auto market has shrunk not only in terms of vehicle size, but in sales volume. As a result, global automakers, including Japan’s, are focused on boosting sales in China, the United States and growing emerging markets.  “It would take a painstaking fine-tuning of vehicle specs to suit American cars to those driving and other conditions and develop a strong distribution network to be able to gain traction in Japan. It is nothing short of a 20-year effort,” said a Toyota executive who spoke on condition he not be named.  Jaguar Land Rover Japan Ltd Chief Executive Magnus Hansson said the low sales of U.S. cars in Japan did not mean it was a closed market, but rather reflected “a total and absolute lack of effort over 50 years” by Detroit.  Still, Japan remains an export hub for the big Japanese automakers. The U.S. Commerce Department this week reported that the U.S. trade deficit with Japan in 2016 was $68.9 billion, and of that total surplus, some $52.6 billion was in vehicles and automotive parts.  Japan’s automakers have more than 90 percent of the Japanese market. Last year U.S. automakers controlled only 45 percent of their home market, the world’s second-biggest after China.  A bigger factor than imports in the Detroit automakers’ loss of U.S. market share since 1980 is the surge in investment by Japan’s automakers in U.S. factories. Last year, 56 percent of the vehicles Toyota sold in the United States were made in America, the company said. Toyota said it employs more than 34,000 in the United States.  For years the growth of Japanese-owned auto factories in the U.S. heartland has helped cool trade tensions.  But Trump, a Republican, has turned up the heat by complaining about the trade surplus and accusing Japan of manipulating the value of the yen to disadvantage American-made goods.  On Thursday, a bipartisan group of senators from auto manufacturing states called on the new president “to address currency manipulation and auto-related non-tariff barriers.”  They are not alone in urging changes to help bolster U.S. business.  “(Trump) must bring Abe up short on any cheery notion that business will continue as usual,” said Kevin L. Kearns, head of the U.S. Business and Industry Council.  The group represents smaller U.S. manufacturers, many of which feed the U.S. auto industry.  ",1
5513,EU's Mogherini: U.S. says will fully implement Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The European Union’s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, said on Friday she was reassured during meetings with President Donald Trump’s administration that it was committed to full implementation of the Iran nuclear deal. In her first visit to Washington since Trump took power, Mogherini came to present the European Union as a valuable friend to the United States with common priorities. In a nod to Trump’s preferred style of diplomacy, she said that the European Union could adopt a more formal “transactional approach” on some issues to appeal to the new administration. Mogherini, who met this week with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, Trump’s advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner and members of Congress, said her main intention in Washington was to discuss the nuclear accord, which granted Iran sanctions relief in return for curbs on its nuclear program. Her visit suggests concern among European and other countries, including Russia and China, that the Trump administration may withdraw from the 2015 nuclear deal. There have been increasing concerns since the White House put Iran “on notice” for test-firing a ballistic missile. Days later, Washington tightened sanctions against Iran by imposing measures against 25 individuals and entities for the missile test.  “I was reassured by what I heard in the meetings on the intention to stick to the full implementation of the agreement,” Mogherini told reporters. Mogherini said she won assurances from members of the Trump administration that they believe Russia should abide by the terms of the 2015 Minsk agreement to end fighting in eastern Ukraine. Mogherini said she and Tillerson discussed how the Minsk agreement might be fully implemented. But Mogherini also signaled doubt about Trump’s commitment to U.S. policy towards Russia. Republicans and Democrats in Congress have expressed concern that Trump will be too conciliatory towards Moscow, perhaps by granting Russia relief from sanctions on its energy, defense and finance industries. “We agreed that as long as the Minsk agreements are not fully implemented, sanctions would remain in place,” Mogherini said later on Friday at a Washington think tank. “But I don’t know if this is going to be the consolidated policy ... I was not in the Oval Office when President Trump called President (Vladimir) Putin.” Mogherini avoided directly criticizing Trump, but said European history showed that blocking the movement of people is doomed to fail.  Trump has vowed to build a wall along the U.S. southern border to block illegal immigration from Mexico. He has also issued an executive order barring people from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the United States for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days, except refugees from Syria, who are banned indefinitely.   “We tend to celebrate when walls come down,” Mogherini said. “America has always been great because it has been made up of many people coming from different places.” ",1
5514,"With eye on Obamacare, Price takes helm as U.S. health secretary","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tom Price was sworn in as U.S. secretary of health on Friday, putting in place a determined opponent of Obamacare to help President Donald Trump fulfill his pledge to dismantle his predecessor’s law and reshape the country’s healthcare system. As head of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Price has the authority to rewrite rules implementing the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. He could move quickly to rework the regulations while waiting for Republicans in Congress to keep their pledge to scrap the law entirely. The Republican president signed an order on Jan. 20, his first day in office, to freeze regulations and take other steps to weaken the law enacted by former Democratic President Barack Obama, a directive that will fall largely on Price. But Trump  said in a recent Fox News interview that a replacement for the law may not come until next year.    Trump said on Friday the effort was a “difficult process” but could now get going with Price in place. “Now we get down to the final strokes,” he told reporters at a separate news conference at the White House alongside visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. He did not offer more details but said the country would end up with “tremendous healthcare at a lower price.”         Republicans, who have long viewed Obamacare as federal overreach and who have the majority in Congress, are trying to craft a replacement but have not agreed on one. Twenty million Americans gained health insurance under the law. “Having Dr. Tom Price at the helm of HHS gives us a committed ally in our work to repeal and replace Obamacare,” said U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who has vowed to pass a new plan this year.  Price, a member of the House since 2005 who chaired the budget committee, offered legislation in 2015 to repeal Obamacare and replace it with age-adjusted tax credits for the purchase of health insurance. While Price’s fellow Republicans have controlled the House since 2011, they did not advance his bill and it was not considered by the full chamber. The Senate voted 52-47 earlier on Friday to approve Price, a former orthopedic surgeon, to oversee the HHS, which has an annual budget of more than $1 trillion.     Price’s nomination was dogged by questions about his trading in hundreds of thousands of dollars in health company stocks while working on healthcare legislation. Democrats accused him of making misleading statements. Price defended his actions. Democrats also criticized Price for his opposition to Obamacare, his ideas about restructuring the Medicare program for the elderly and disabled, and his opposition to Planned Parenthood, an organization that provides abortions and other affordable healthcare and education services. With Price confirmed, the Senate is expected to vote on Monday on Trump’s U.S. Treasury secretary designate, Steven Mnuchin. ",1
5515,Trump says his administration committed to Japan's security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday the alliance between the United States and Japan is a cornerstone of regional peace and stability and his administration is committed to even closer ties between the two countries. “We are committed to the security of Japan and all areas under its administrative control and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance,” Trump told a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. “The bond between our two nations and the friendship between our two peoples runs very, very deep. This administration is committed to bringing those ties even closer,” he added. ",1
5516,Trump nixes Abrams for No. 2 State Department job: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has nixed Elliott Abrams for the No. 2 position at the State Department after learning that the Republican foreign policy veteran had criticized him during the 2016 election campaign, people familiar with the matter said on Friday. Trump decided not to nominate Abrams, who had been the leading candidate for deputy secretary of state, after meeting him at the White House on Tuesday along with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, two sources told Reuters. Abrams, 69, who served in foreign policy roles for presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, was Tillerson’s pick for the job, and the administration’s newly installed top diplomat tried and failed to convince the president to reconsider and offer him the job, one of the sources said.  Trump’s resistance to hiring his former Republican critics has slowed his ability to fill positions in his administration, especially in the foreign policy and national security areas. The leaves former diplomat Paula Dobriansky as a potential choice for the position. She has been on Trump’s short list, an official said. While Abrams did not sign either of two highly publicized letters from members of the Republican foreign policy establishment during the campaign pledging not to back Trump, he did criticize him both in his writings and media interviews during the presidential primaries. Abrams, 69, a neoconservative who has long advocated an activist U.S. role in the world, last served in government in the Bush White House, first as a Middle East expert on the National Security Council and later as a global democracy strategy adviser. He was assistant secretary of state during the Reagan administration and was convicted in 1991 on two misdemeanor counts of withholding information from Congress during the Iran-Contra scandal. He was later pardoned by President George H.W. Bush. ",1
5517,LeBeouf's anti-Trump New York exhibit shuttered over safety concerns,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A New York City museum has shut down an exhibit protesting U.S. President Donald Trump co-created by actor Shia LaBeouf, saying the installation titled “HEWILLNOTDIVIDE.US” had triggered threats of violence and endangered public safety.  LaBeouf and two artists had set up a live-streaming camera outside the Museum of the Moving Image in Queens on Jan. 20, the day that Trump was inaugurated, and encouraged members of the public to repeat “he will not divide us” into the camera. The exhibit was intended to continue through Trump’s four-year term. LaBeouf was arrested on Jan. 26 after getting into an altercation with a 25-year-old man at the museum, according to police. The actor allegedly pulled the man’s scarf, scratched his face and shoved him, police said. In a statement on Friday, the museum said the camera had “created a serious and ongoing public safety hazard.” “While the installation began constructively, it deteriorated markedly after one of the artists was arrested on the site of the installation and ultimately necessitated this action,” the museum said. “Over the course of the installation, there have been dozens of threats of violence and numerous arrests, such that police felt compelled to be stationed outside the installation 24 hours a day, seven days a week.” The New York City Police Department confirmed it had assigned a foot post to the location 24 hours a day. Police said only one other person had been arrested outside the museum since LaBeouf: a 21-year-old man on Feb. 2 accused of throwing eggs at another person. On Friday morning, the live stream showed the words, “The museum has abandoned us,” in capital letters, an image that LaBeouf shared on Twitter. A message about the project on its website said, “On Feb. 10, 2017, the Museum of the Moving Image abandoned the project. The artists, however, have not.” A representative for LaBeouf did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday. ",1
5518,Ethics review sought after Trump adviser touts Ivanka Trump products,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - (This February 9 story has been refiled to correct paragraph 19 to show HSN Inc has dropped Trump Home products, but still sells Trump presidential memorabilia; it did not sell Ivanka Trump products.) A congressional committee said on Thursday it was seeking a review into whether senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway had violated ethics rules by using her position to promote product lines of President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka, a day after he attacked a retailer for dropping them. Federal ethics rules prohibit executive branch employees from using their positions to endorse products or for the private gain of friends. The law does not apply to the president.    “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff ... I’m going to go get some myself today,” Conway told Fox News in an interview from the White House. “I’m going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody.” Republican Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House of Representatives Oversight committee, said late on Thursday in a statement he had agreed to a request by a member of the panel to ask the Office of Government Ethics (OGE) to review Conway’s comments and recommend disciplinary action against her if warranted. Chaffetz and Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the committee, said in their letter to the ethics office: “Conway’s statements appear to violate federal ethics regulations, which prohibit actions that imply a government endorsement of the ‘personal activities’ of another person.”  “In this case, there is an additional challenge, which is that the president, as the ultimate disciplinary authority for White House employees, has an inherent conflict of interest since Conway’s statements relate to his daughter’s private business,” they said. The OGE did not respond to requests for comment.        Asked at a press briefing on Thursday if Conway had crossed an ethical line, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said, “She has been counseled on that subject, and that’s it.” Conway, asked in an interview on Fox News on Thursday evening how she had been counseled, replied: “I’m not going to comment on that.”       She said she was aware of the letter from Chaffetz and Cummings and that it was being reviewed internally. “I’m just really happy that I spent an awful lot of time with the president of the United States this afternoon and that he supports me 100 percent,” she added. The non-profit Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and Public Citizen have both filed complaints with the OGE and the White House Counsel’s Office. “It’s a violation of the rule,” Norman Eisen, who served as an ethics adviser to Democratic President Barack Obama, told MSNBC. “It’s a serious matter.” On Wednesday, President Trump attacked department store chain Nordstrom Inc for dropping his daughter’s products, drawing intense criticism for using a White House twitter platform to intervene in a commercial matter involving his family’s business ties.  Nordstrom said it dropped the brand for its poor performance. Online sales of Ivanka Trump branded products fell 26 percent in January 2017 compared with the same period a year earlier, according to retail analytics firm Slice Intelligence which shared its findings with Reuters. The company analyzed data from email receipts of over 4 million U.S. online shoppers. The data also showed sales of the Ivanka Trump brand declined in the second half of 2016 at all online retailers including Amazon.com Inc, which sells most of the brand’s merchandise. In-store sales of the Ivanka Trump brand was not available.  Ivanka Trump had said she would step away from her company when her father took office in the White House.  Retailers that have dropped Ivanka Trump products include Neiman Marcus [NMRCUS.UL]. HSN Inc has stopped selling Trump Home products, but still sells Trump presidential memorabilia. An ongoing campaign called #GrabYourWallet encourages shoppers to boycott products with ties to President Trump and his family. Supporters have launched an alternative social media campaign called #BuyIvanka. President Trump has pledged to ensure that products sold in America are actually manufactured on U.S. soil, but a New York Times report in December found that many of Ivanka Trump branded products were made in China, Indonesia and Vietnam. Ivanka Trump’s company declined to comment where her goods were manufactured. ",1
5519,Trump says Israel should be 'reasonable' in peace process,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called on “Israel to be reasonable with respect to peace”, spelling out in his own words his administration’s stance that new settlements on Palestinian land may not be helpful in an interview with an Israeli newspaper.  Trump’s comments to Israel Today come as he tones down his pro-Israel bravado ahead of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s trip to the White House on Feb. 15. “I want Israel to be reasonable with respect to peace. I want to see peace happen,” Trump said in the interview published on Friday. “I would like to see a level of reasonableness of both parties, and I think we have a good chance of doing that.”  During his 2016 election campaign, Trump signaled his presidency would be a boon for Israel and tough on Palestinians. He talked of moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, naming an ambassador who backs Israel’s settlement program and exerting no pressure on Israel for peace talks. Now Trump is adopting a more measured stance. Even though the White House did not join the widespread criticism this week of a new Israeli law which retroactively legalizes about 4,000 existing settler homes, its pro-Israel approach shows signs of being more nuanced.  “They [settlements] don’t help the process. I can say that,” Trump told the Israeli daily owned by U.S. casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, a Netanyahu supporter and Republican Party donor. “Every time you take land for settlements, there is less land left,” Trump said. “I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace.” The president said his administration was “looking at some other options” regarding the settlements.       He also said he was still studying the case for relocating the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, a move that could anger the Arab world.  “The embassy is not an easy decision. It has obviously been out there for many, many years, and nobody has wanted to make that decision. I’m thinking about it very seriously, and we will see what happens,” Trump said. ",1
5520,Under Armour-sponsored athletes oppose CEO's pro-Trump comments,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Professional ballet dancer Misty Copeland and wrestler turned-actor Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson joined National Basketball Association star Stephen Curry in opposing comments made by the chief executive of their sponsor Under Armour supporting U.S. President Donald Trump. On Tuesday, Plank expressed support for Trump on CNBC, saying: “To have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country.” On Thursday, Copeland wrote on her Instagram page (@mistyonpointe) that she strongly disagrees with Plank’s recent comments in support of Trump.  Johnson on Twitter (@TheRock) also posted that Plank’s words on CNBC were neither his words or his beliefs. But he added that his disagreement does not mean he will be abandoning Under Armour, with which he currently has a shoe line. Copeland and Johnson join a number of athletes including Curry to speak out against Trump. In an interview with The San Jose Mercury News on Wednesday, Curry, one of Under Armour’s most-visible athletes, said, “I agree with that description (of asset made by Plank), if you remove the ‘et’.” A number of NBA players including Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James, who is endorsed by Nike Inc, have recently expressed concerns over Trump’s policies. But Curry is the first player to directly oppose comments made by their sponsor.      Plank’s comments immediately drew backlash on social media with many using hashtags #boycottUnderArmour and #Grabyourwallet to promote a campaign against pro-Trump companies. Under Armour has since released a statement saying Plank’s comments were in regard to Trump’s business policies, not his social viewpoints.  “We believe in advocating for fair trade, an inclusive immigration policy that welcomes the best and the brightest and those seeking opportunity in the great tradition of our country, and tax reform that drives hiring to help create new jobs globally, across America and in Baltimore,” the company said. Under Armour is based in Baltimore.  Under Armour was not immediately available for comment on Thursday. Curry, who has a multimillion-dollar contract that includes an equity stake in Under Armour that runs through 2024, said in the interview that Plank working with Trump is not a deal-breaker, but he is more concerned about Under Armour adopting Trump’s values.  Curry endorsed Hilary Clinton, Trump’s Democrat opponent, in the Nov. 8 election. Shares of Under Armour closed up nearly 3 percent at $21.71 on Thursday. ",1
5521,"Trump blasts retailer Nordstrom, raising new concern on business ties","WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - (This February 8 story has been refiled to show HSN Inc has dropped Trump Home products, but sells Trump presidential memorabilia in paragraph 21. It did not sell Ivanka Trump products.) President Donald Trump blasted department store chain Nordstrom Inc on Wednesday for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing line, prompting critics to accuse him of misusing  public office to benefit his family’s sprawling business empire. After Trump’s highly unusual move to use a White House platform to intervene in a commercial matter involving his daughter, Nordstrom reiterated that its action last week was based on declining sales of the Ivanka Trump products. But White House spokesman Sean Spicer characterized the move as a “direct attack” on the president’s policies. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person - always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” Trump wrote on Wednesday on both his personal and official presidential Twitter accounts. Ethics officials who served past Republican and Democratic administrations said Trump’s tweet was both unprecedented for a president and troublesome. “This is misuse of public office for private gains,” Richard Painter, who served as Republican President George W. Bush’s chief ethics lawyer, said in an email to Reuters. “And it is abuse of power because the official message is clear - Nordstrom is persona non grata with the administration.” Norman Eisen, an ethics adviser to Democratic President Barack Obama, noted that several states have unfair competition laws, including California where Nordstrom operates many stores. The tweet, he said, could spark lawsuits if the company’s brand was being injured by an unfair attack. The wealthy New York real estate developer who became president on Jan. 20 has declined to sell off his businesses despite demands from critics that he do so to avoid thorny conflicts of interest. Trump on Jan. 11 said he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand off control to his two oldest sons during his presidency. Trump’s web of international companies remains a bit opaque since he has refused to release his tax returns, which experts have said would provide a clearer view of his business interests. Ethics experts have said Trump’s arrangement does little to address potential conflicts because he would still know what assets he owned, such as Trump-branded golf courses and hotels, and his family would continue to profit from them. Ivanka Trump ran a clothing and jewelry business bearing her name, in addition to other work for the Trump Organization,  before saying she would resign when her father was sworn in as president. Her father’s various contentious actions and comments have prompted boycott efforts by critics and have driven some consumers away from Trump family businesses. During a White House press briefing, Spicer painted Nordstrom’s action as an attack on the president’s daughter. “For someone to take out their concern with his policies on a family member of his is just not acceptable. And the president has every right as a father to stand up to them,” Spicer said. A spokeswoman for the Ivanka Trump brand declined to comment. On Tuesday, First lady Melania Trump filed a $150 million defamation lawsuit accusing the Daily Mail British tabloid of damaging her brand by falsely reporting she had worked as an escort. The lawsuit said the article ruined a “unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” for the first lady but her lawyer said she “has no intention of using her position for profit.” Democrats pounced on Trump for the tweet. “I think it’s inappropriate, but he’s a totally inappropriate president,” said Nancy Pelosi, the top U.S. House of Representatives Democrat. Senator Bob Casey, a Democrat, in a tweet indicated the matter should be referred to the federal Office of Government Ethics. Nordstrom said it informed Ivanka Trump about its decision in early January. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now,” the retailer told Reuters. Nordstrom shares initially fell after the president’s criticism, but closed up 4 percent on the New York Stock Exchange. Retailers still selling Ivanka Trump products include Macy’s Inc, TJX Cos, Hudson’s Bay Co, which runs high-end chains like Lord & Taylor, and Dillard’s Inc. Retailers that have dropped Ivanka Trump include Neiman Marcus [NMRCUS.UL]. HSN Inc has stopped selling Trump Home products, but still sells Trump presidential memorabilia. The move by some retailers to drop her products comes amid an ongoing campaign called #GrabYourWallet, which encourages shoppers to boycott products with ties to President Trump, his family and his donors. Usage of the hashtag on Twitter rose dramatically on Wednesday.  “President Trump said he is going to have nothing to do with his family businesses,” said Robert Weissman, president of liberal watchdog group Public Citizen. “His reaction to developments with his daughter’s business line suggests that claim is untrue.” Trump’s tweet left fellow Republicans in an uncomfortable position. Republican Senator David Perdue of Georgia told Reuters of Trump’s tweet, “That sounds like a personal matter to me.” Perdue added, “He is a citizen and he is a citizen who is now president of the United States.” Republican Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, asked whether the president should be criticizing a publicly traded company over its business dealings with Trump’s daughter, said, “I don’t know the answer to that question. Let me think about what the answer is.” Since winning the presidential election on Nov. 8, Trump has castigated specific companies on Twitter but this was his first tweet involving a business tied to his family since the victory.  A group including former White House ethics attorneys filed a lawsuit after Trump took office accusing him of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, in violation of the U.S. Constitution. ",1
5522,White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House defended President Donald Trump’s criticism of the Nordstrom retail chain on Wednesday, saying the firm’s decision to drop his daughter Ivanka’s clothing line for the coming season was politically motivated attack. “I think this was less about his family’s business than an attack on his daughter,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told a news briefing. Although Nordstrom has said the decision not to carry Ivanka Trump’s line was based on its performance, Spicer said there had been “a direct attack on his policies and her name” and Trump was standing up for her because she was “being maligned because they have a problem with his policies.” ",1
5523,Nordstrom says decision to drop Ivanka Trump's brand based on performance,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Nordstrom Inc said on Wednesday its decision to drop Ivanka Trump branded merchandise from its stores and online was based on the brand’s performance. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now,” the retailer told Reuters. Nordstrom said it informed Ivanka Trump about its decision in early January. U.S. President Donald Trump attacked the retailer on Twitter on Wednesday for dropping his daughter’s clothing line. ",1
5524,Philadelphia prosecutor will not seek reelection after ethics fine,"(Reuters) - Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said on Friday he would not run for reelection this year, saying he made “regrettable mistakes” when he accepted gifts that resulted in the city ethics board ordering him to pay a record fine. Williams, a Democrat, had already been expected to face several challengers in the May primary election for the top law enforcement position in the fifth-most-populous U.S. city. Last month, Williams agreed to pay $62,000 in civil penalties to end an investigation by the Philadelphia ethics board into his failure to disclose gifts including NBA basketball tickets, cash and lodging. The ethics board said it was the largest amount in penalties it had imposed in its 10-year history.  The gifts prompted the FBI to interview members of the prosecutor’s staff and at least one of the gift-givers, and the bureau is investigating a nonprofit Williams founded, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported. An FBI spokeswoman declined to comment on Friday. Williams apologized at a televised news conference. “My decisions to accept gifts and fail to report them brought much embarrassment, shame and adverse publicity to me and, unfortunately, to the office which I love,” he said. “For this, I will always hold deep regret in my heart.” Another top Pennsylvania prosecutor, former state attorney general Kathleen Kane, resigned in August after she was convicted of leaking confidential grand jury information and then lying about it to investigators. Kane, a Democrat, was sentenced to 10 to 23 months in prison. Williams, first elected in 2009 and reelected in 2013, is the first black district attorney in the history of Pennsylvania.  His 600-person office handles 40,000 criminal cases a year, from minor crimes to murders. He said he was proud of changes he had made in the office, such as involving senior prosecutors in the earliest stages of cases. ",1
5525,"Putin says could meet Trump in Slovenia, but choice not Moscow's alone","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Slovenia would be a good place for a first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, Russia’s Vladimir Putin said on Friday, but he said the choice of venue would not be Moscow’s alone.  Putin made the comments after Slovenian President Borut Pahor offered Ljubljana, his country’s capital, as a venue for a meeting between the Russian and U.S. leaders who have not met since Trump’s inauguration last month.  Trump and Putin have both said they would like to try to mend battered U.S.-Russia ties, which fell to their lowest level since the Cold War after Russia’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea.  Putin made it clear that no date for such a meeting had yet been agreed, but said he was keen to try to restore Russian-U.S. relations in full. “As regards Ljubljana, Slovenia in general, it is of course a brilliant place to have a dialogue of such a sort. But it doesn’t depend only on us, it depends on a whole series of circumstances,” Putin told reporters after meeting Pahor in Moscow. “If these meetings ever happen, we don’t have anything against Ljubljana,” Putin said. European Union member state Slovenia was the venue for the first meeting between George W. Bush and Putin in 2001 where the then American leader made what became a famous comment about looking Putin in the eye and getting “a sense of his soul.”  It is also where Melania Trump, the U.S. president’s wife, grew up. The Kremlin sees Slovenia as an ally in its quest to end Western sanctions over the Ukraine conflict.  Russia was a big export market for Slovenian food products before the Ukraine crisis, and Slovenia remains keen to be a transit country for Russian gas supplies to southern Europe. ",1
5526,Japan says Trump-Xi call is positive for region -spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japan views U.S. President Donald Trump’s call with Chinese President Xi Jinping as a good and positive step, a spokesman for Japan said on Friday, following the U.S-China call Thursday night. [nL4N1FV21K] “It’s good and positive in terms of peace and security of the region and the international community,” Norio Maruyama told reporters during a news conference.  “We consider that it is constructive and frank discussions on the terms relating to the peace and security in the regions. This is the right way forward.” ",1
5527,"Iraqi PM, in call with Trump, requests end to travel ban","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi asked U.S. President Donald Trump to lift the ban on people from his country traveling to the United States, in the first phone call between the two leaders, the Iraqi government said on Friday. “Mr. Trump stressed the importance of coordination to find a solution to this issue as soon as possible and that he will direct the U.S. State Department in this regard,” the government said in a statement, adding that it was the U.S. president who had initiated the call on Thursday. Trump has said he will keep pushing to reinstate an executive order temporarily banning people from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. A U.S. judge suspended the order last week and a court refused on Thursday an appeal to reinstate it. Abadi resisted calls from influential pro-Iranian Shi’ite politicians to retaliate against the ban when it was first announced by Trump at the end of January, citing Iraq’s need for U.S. military support in the war on Islamic State. More than 5,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Iraq to assist Iraqi and Kurdish forces retake Mosul, the last city in Iraq under the militants’ control. Trump told Abadi: “we will work together to defeat terrorism because Iraq is an ally of ours,” according to the Iraqi statement. “Dr. Abadi confirmed Iraq’s desire to strengthen relations with the U.S. at various levels,” it added. ",1
5528,"Taiwan says it aims to keep strong ties with U.S., China","TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan will keep close contact and deepen its ties with the United States, the Presidential Office said Friday, in reaction to U.S. President Donald Trump’s phone call with China’s leader in which he agreed to honor the “one China” policy.  “Taiwan and the U.S. both maintain close contact and communication so as to keep a ‘zero accident’ approach (to the relationship),” Presidential Office spokesman Alex Huang said in a statement.  “Maintaining good Taiwan-U.S. and cross-Strait relations (with China) fulfill our national interest and are key for regional peace and stability.” ",1
5529,"Timeline: Trump questions then honors ""one China"" policy","(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump agreed to honor the longstanding “one China” policy in a phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping, a major diplomatic boost for Beijing which brooks no criticism of its claim to neighboring Taiwan. The following are some of the major developments in U.S.-Sino relations since Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November.  Dec 2 - Trump speaks by phone with President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan, a move that is likely to infuriate China, which considers the self-ruled island its own, and complicate U.S. relations with Beijing. China lodges swift protest, blaming Taiwan for the petty move. Dec 11 - Trump says the United States did not necessarily have to stick to its long-standing position that Taiwan is part of “one China,” questioning nearly four decades of U.S. policy. Dec 12 - China expresses “serious concern” after Trump said the United States did not necessarily have to stick to its long-held stance that Taiwan is part of “one China”. Dec 14  - In a veiled warning to Trump, China’s ambassador to the United States says Beijing will never bargain with Washington over issues involving its national sovereignty or territorial integrity. Jan 11 - Taiwan scrambles jets and navy ships after a group of Chinese warships, led by its sole aircraft carrier, sailed through the Taiwan Strait, the latest sign of heightened tension between Beijing and the island. Jan 12 - Trump’s then nominee for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, says China should be denied access to islands it has built in the contested South China Sea, describing the placing of military assets there as “akin to Russia’s taking Crimea” from Ukraine. Feb 3 - China’s top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, tells Michael Flynn, Trump’s National Security Advisor, that China hopes it can work with the United States to manage and control disputes and sensitive problems. Feb 9 - Trump breaks the ice with Xi in a letter that says he looks forward to working with him to develop relations. Feb 9 - Trump changes tack and agrees to honor the “one China” policy during a phone call with Xi. ",1
5530,Abe hopes to avoid landing in rough in golf outing with Trump,"(Reuters) - With golf long regarded as a stern measure of character and a natural setting for deal-making, U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s weekend outing in Florida could be viewed as more than a leisurely bonding exercise between two world leaders. U.S. President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Abe will form a twosome for their round of golf on Saturday, presumably at the Trump International Golf Club near his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach. Details are still under wraps.  Trump told a local sports radio station last weekend golf was a better way to get to know someone than lunch and saw his match-up with Abe as a “fun” meeting between partners rather than adversaries.  Abe might feel the occasion carries more weight. His prime minister grandfather, Nobusuke Kishi, and U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower played near Washington in 1957, a round newspapers described as a “triumph of diplomacy” between former World War Two enemies. Abe teed off the latest round of golf diplomacy in November, giving Trump an expensive, gold-colored driver during their meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan, where he sought assurances about the future strength of the decades-old alliance between the two nations. With anxiety over Trump’s tough talk on currency, security and trade with Japan, some in Tokyo have expressed concern Abe might be too generous in any haggling on the fairways when pitted against the real estate mogul and author of “The Art of the Deal”. In purely a golfing sense, Abe is likely to find Trump a formidable opponent. “He is pretty remarkable for a 70-year-old guy,” Jaime Diaz, editor-in-chief of Golf World and a senior writer for Golf Digest, told Reuters. “As I understand it, his handicap is 2.8. That seems a little low but I think he is very capable of playing to a five or six handicap. “He is a legitimate good player. It’s not a ‘trumped-up’ claim that he is somebody who shoots in the 70s.” Trump says he has won 18 club trophies and said such a winning pedigree made him the ideal man to run the country during the election race. “See how beautiful my hands are, look at those hands. Those are powerful hands,” Trump said at a Detroit rally last year during the Republican primaries. “(They can) hit a golf ball 285 yards.” Retired boxer Oscar De La Hoya questioned Trump’s trustworthiness on the golf course while speaking to reporters in Las Vegas in May 2016 during the build-up to the WBC middleweight title clash between Canelo Alvarez and Amir Khan, according to the AP. Hollywood actor Samuel L. Jackson did the same in an interview he did with United Airlines’ Rhapsody magazine in January 2016. Reuters could not independently confirm these accounts. After the Jackson interview, Trump issued a tweet that said in part: “I don’t cheat at golf.” The White House did not return a request for comment on the cheating allegations.  Diaz who has twice played with Trump, at Trump National Golf Club Charlotte in North Carolina in 2013 and more recently at the Doral resort in Florida, described the President as someone who would not need to resort to cheating to beat most players. “I know he has won all these club championships at golf courses that he owns and a lot of people are suspect about that. But he would be a tough guy to beat with a five handicap,” the golf writer said. “He addresses the ball with good body language ... confident and flowing and fluid. He just looks like he is going to hit a good shot.” It is far harder to find allegations of cheating or boastfulness directed at the more circumspect Abe, who is a member of the ultra-exclusive Three Hundred Club in Kanagawa Prefecture, south-west of Tokyo. The club, confined to only 300 members, charges some 70-80 million yen ($625,000-$715,000) for membership fees and 50,000 yen for green fees. The 62-year-old Abe takes the game very seriously and local media have reported that rounds with his wife can get tense if he is playing poorly. “When he is playing golf, he concentrates. So everyone else becomes intense as well,” a company president who plays Abe once or twice a year, told Reuters on condition of anonymity. He was unsure of Abe’s handicap but confirmed reports that the Prime Minister usually shoots between 90 and 100 over 18 holes, which would place him squarely in the field of average weekend hackers. A straight driver with a “stable” game all round, Abe is generally smartly turned out, sometimes in short pants and knee socks and always with a baseball cap on his head. “I was impressed that Abe holds the flag on the green, while other players are putting,” the source said. “People in a high position like him do not have to do that for others. He is very polite.” The conservative politician is not so reserved as to shun refreshments at the ‘19th hole’ back at the clubhouse, however, where he might indulge in a couple of glasses of beer or red wine after a bath to freshen up, added the source. For graphic on the Trump/Abe scorecard, click tmsnrt.rs/2ltvfm7 ",1
5531,"Trump speaks with Afghan leader, U.S. commander calls for more troops","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and his Afghan counterpart discussed security in a phone call on Thursday, officials said, hours after the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said thousands more troops were needed to break a stalemate with the Taliban. Trump and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani also spoke about opportunities to strengthen ties, counterterrorism cooperation and economic development, the White House said in a statement. It said Trump also emphasized the continuing importance of the U.S.-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership and his support for Ghani’s government, which is faced with an emboldened Taliban-led insurgency that is still gaining ground after more than 15 years of war. The Afghan Embassy in Washington said Trump and Ghani had spoken on Dec. 3, but Thursday’s call was their first since Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20. Hours before the call, General John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. and international troops in Afghanistan, told the Senate Armed Services Committee in Washington he did not have enough troops to adequately advise Afghan forces on the ground. Nicholson said he had enough U.S. troops to carry out counterterrorism operations against the Taliban, al Qaeda and other insurgents but also acknowledged gains made by the Taliban over the past year. “We have a shortfall of a few thousand,” Nicholson said. Trump has so far offered little clarity about whether he might approve more forces for Afghanistan. About 8,400 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan, well down from their peak of about 100,000 in 2011. Nicholson said extra forces need not all come from the United States and could also be drawn from other allies. The focus of the NATO-led mission in Afghanistan has narrowed considerably to training Afghan forces and conducting counterterrorism missions since a significant drawdown began under Democratic former U.S. President Barack Obama. Obama was often criticized by Republicans in Congress for focusing too much on driving down U.S. troop numbers in an attempt to force Afghan soldiers to become more self-sufficient. Nicholson said U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis would speak with allies soon and suggested Mattis might also visit Afghanistan, which might help him prepare his own recommendations for Republican Trump. He also spoke of security in Afghanistan in terms of the often-difficult U.S. relationship with Pakistan, long seen as a haven for insurgents from the Taliban, the Haqqani network and other militant Islamist groups. “Our complex relationship with Pakistan is best assessed through a holistic review,” Nicholson said. Addressing U.S. concerns about Pakistan was at the top of his list of priorities with the Trump administration, he said. The Afghan Embassy in Washington said Trump and Ghani had also discussed regional security issues, “as well as the joint fight against terrorism and countries that sponsor it.” It also said Trump said he planned to meet Ghani soon. (This story has been refiled to say Afghan embassy, not U.S., in paragraph 4) ",1
5532,Trump adviser discussed sanctions with Russian envoy: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House national security adviser Michael Flynn privately discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Moscow’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, the Washington Post reported on Thursday. Citing unnamed current and former U.S. officials, the Post said some senior U.S. officials interpreted the contacts as a “potentially illegal” signal to Russia that it could expect a reprieve from sanctions imposed by the Obama administration in December. Reuters could not immediately confirm the Washington Post report. Reuters reported last month, citing three sources familiar with the matter, that Flynn had held five phone calls with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak on Dec. 29, the day then-President Barack Obama retaliated for Moscow’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The Post said Flynn on Wednesday denied that he had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador, but on Thursday backed away from the denial through a spokesman. Flynn “indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn’t be certain that the topic never came up,” the Post quoted the spokesman as saying. Officials said this week that the FBI is continuing to examine Flynn’s contacts with Kislyak, according to the paper. “Several officials emphasized that while sanctions were discussed, they did not see evidence that Flynn had an intent to convey an explicit promise to take action after the inauguration,” the Post said. ",1
5533,"Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: internal report"," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s “wall” along the U.S.-Mexico border would be a series of fences and walls that would cost as much as $21.6 billion, and take more than three years to construct, based on a U.S. Department of Homeland Security internal report seen by Reuters on Thursday.  The report’s estimated price-tag is much higher than a $12-billion figure cited by Trump in his campaign and estimates as high as $15 billion from Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.  MORE TOP NEWS: Twitter numbers paint grim profitability picture Trump changes tack, backs 'one China' policy in call with Xi The report is expected to be presented to Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly in coming days, although the administration will not necessarily take actions it recommends.  The plan lays out what it would take to seal the border in three phases of construction of fences and walls covering just over 1,250 miles (2,000 km) by the end of 2020.  With 654 miles (1,046 km) of the border already fortified, the new construction would extend almost the length of the entire border.  Many cost estimates and timelines have been floated since Trump campaigned on the promise of building a wall. The report seen by Reuters is the work of a group commissioned by Kelly as a final step before moving forward with requesting U.S. taxpayer funds from Congress and getting started on construction.  A DHS spokeswoman said the department does “not comment on or confirm the potential existence of pre-decisional, deliberative documents.”  A White House spokeswoman said it would be “premature” to comment on a report that has not officially been presented to the president.  DON’T MISS: Japan's love of tiny cars sore spot as for Trump Exclusive: In call with Putin, Trump denounced Obama-era nuclear arms treaty The report said the first phase would be the smallest, targeting sections covering 26 miles (42 km) near San Diego, California; El Paso, Texas; and in Texas’s Rio Grande Valley.  The report assumes DHS would get funding from Congress by April or May, giving the department sufficient time to secure contractors and begin construction by September. Trump has said Congress should fund the wall upfront, but that Mexico will reimburse U.S. taxpayers. Mexico has said it will not pay.  Several U.S. congressional delegations are visiting the border this month to assess funding needs, according to several people familiar with the travel plans.  The report shows the U.S. government has begun seeking waivers to address environmental laws on building in some areas. It also shows the government has begun working with existing contractors and planning steel purchases for the project.  Trump told law enforcement officials on Wednesday, “The wall is getting designed right now.”  The report accounted for the time and cost of acquiring private land, one reason for its steep price increase compared to estimates from Trump and members of Congress.  Bernstein Research, an investment research group that tracks material costs, has said that uncertainties around the project could drive its cost up to as much as $25 billion.  The second phase of construction proposed in the report would cover 151 miles (242 km) of border in and around the Rio Grande Valley; Laredo, Texas; Tucson, Arizona; El Paso, Texas and Big Bend, Texas. The third phase would cover an unspecified 1,080 miles (1,728 km), essentially sealing off the entire U.S.-Mexico border.  The report lays out costs to cover the border with barriers, but funding constraints and legal battles are likely to place limits on those plans.  It also does not account for major physical barriers, like mountains, in areas where it would not be feasible to build.  A source familiar with the plans said DHS may have to go to court to seek eminent domain in order to acquire some of the private land needed to cover the final and most ambitious phase.  The first phase, estimated to cost only $360 million, could be a relatively easy way for Trump to satisfy supporters eager to see him make good on his campaign promises to limit illegal migration. But the rest of the construction will be markedly more expensive, covering a much larger stretch of land, much of it privately owned or inaccessible by road.  In addition to seeking eminent domain and environmental waivers, the U.S. government would also have to meet the requirements of the International Boundary and Water Commission, a U.S.-Mexico pact over shared waters. The report estimated that agreement alone could bring the cost from $11 million per mile to $15 million per mile in one area.  ",1
5534,"Trump, reacting to U.S. appeals court ruling, tweets: ""SEE YOU IN COURT""","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted “SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!” shortly after a U.S. federal appeals court on Thursday unanimously upheld a temporary suspension of his order that restricted travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. ",1
5535,Trump say appeals court decision on travel ban was 'political',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday called the appellate court ruling that upheld the suspension of his order restricting travel from seven Muslim-majority countries a “political decision,” and vowed his administration would ultimately prevail. “We’ll see them in court,” Trump told reporters who had gathered outside his press secretary’s office. “It’s a political decision.” Trump said he did not view the ruling as a major setback for his White House. “This is just a decision that came down, but we’re going to win the case,” he said. ",1
5536,Trump disputes account of his Supreme Court nominee's comments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump castigated a Democratic senator on Thursday for saying U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch had voiced dismay in a private meeting over Trump’s attacks on the judiciary, while Republicans came forward to back up the lawmaker’s portrayal. The Republican president has publicly vented his frustration with a court order last week that temporarily halted his travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, criticizing the judge who issued the order, the appeals process and the wider judiciary. That has morphed into a dispute over comments made by his pick for the Supreme Court. Senator Richard Blumenthal said on Wednesday that Gorsuch had told him that Trump’s comments about the judiciary, which have included calling the judge who blocked his travel ban a “so-called judge,” were “disheartening and demoralizing.” On Thursday, Blumenthal urged Gorsuch to condemn Trump’s attacks “publicly, unequivocally and clearly.” Trump, in a Twitter post and in a later meeting with a bipartisan group of senators, accused Blumenthal of misrepresenting Gorsuch’s comments. White House spokesman Sean Spicer, at a briefing with reporters, defended Trump and said Gorsuch had not been commenting specifically about the president’s attacks on the judiciary. Blumenthal’s account of Gorsuch’s comments was backed up by Ron Bonjean, a Republican strategist and spokesman for the nominee, and by Kelly Ayotte, a Republican former senator who has accompanied the judge during meetings with lawmakers to build support for his Senate confirmation. Other senators, including Republican Ben Sasse and Democrat Chuck Schumer, also said Gorsuch made similar comments to them. In blasting Blumenthal, Trump sought to revive a years-old controversy over the senator’s military service during the Vietnam War era. “Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie), now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?” Trump wrote in a Twitter post. Trump nominated Gorsuch, a conservative federal appeals court judge, on Jan. 31 as his nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left when Justice Antonin Scalia died a year ago. Democrats have said they will push to establish that Gorsuch can exercise independence if he is confirmed to the lifetime position on the country’s highest court. Blumenthal said there were numerous White House staffers in the room when Gorsuch made the comments. Ayotte said in a statement that Gorsuch, speaking in discussions with senators including Blumenthal, had said “he finds any criticism of a judge’s integrity and independence disheartening and demoralizing,” while making clear he “was not referring to any specific case.” Gorsuch has not made any public comment on the matter. Sasse, who has been critical of Trump’s attacks on the judiciary, described his meeting with Gorsuch.  “I asked him about the ‘so-called judges’ comment because we don’t have so-called judges or so-called presidents or so-called senators,” Sasse said on MSNBC. He added that Gorsuch “welled up with some energy” and said any attack on his “brothers or sisters of the robe is an attack on all judges.” Spicer said the president had no regrets about his comments on the judiciary and that his behavior would not change.  “The president is going to speak his mind,” he said.     A federal judge in Seattle, James Robart, last Friday put on hold Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order that temporarily barred entry to the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries and by all refugees. An appeals court is considering Robart’s order and is expected to rule in the coming days. On Saturday, Trump called Robart a “so-called judge” whose “ridiculous” ruling “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country.” On Wednesday, he stepped up his criticism of the judiciary, calling courts “so political” and describing the  proceedings in the appeals court as “disgraceful.” Democrats have called Trump’s comments an attack on a core principle of American democracy by which the judiciary is independent and upholds the rule of law. Republican senators, who have the majority in the Senate,  painted Gorsuch’s comments as evidence of his independence from the president. But Schumer, leader of the Senate Democrats, said the judge’s comments were “mild” at best and “insufficient” in terms of showing independence.  “I think President Trump is going to harm both Judge Gorsuch’s chances at confirmation and his standing as president if he continues to undermine the independence of the judiciary,”  Democratic Senator Chris Coons told CNN on Thursday. Trump’s spat with Blumenthal overshadowed a meeting with senators that was aimed at trying to build support for Gorsuch. If confirmed, the judge would restore a conservative majority on the Supreme Court. “Ask Senator Blumenthal about his Vietnam record,” Trump told reporters at the meeting. In 2010, while running for the Senate, Blumenthal said he had “misspoken about my service” by earlier stating he had served in Vietnam when he in fact got military deferments before joining the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve in 1970, allowing him to avoid combat overseas. Blumenthal expressed regret over his previous comments but said he would proud of his service as a reservist. Trump himself received five deferments during the Vietnam War, including one for bone spurs in his heel, the New York Times reported last August, and never served in the military. ",1
5537,Highlights: The Trump presidency on Feb. 9 at 7:50 P.M. EST,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Thursday: A U.S. federal appeals court in San Francisco unanimously upholds a temporary suspension of President Donald Trump’s order that restricted travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. Trump plans to announce the most ambitious tax reform plan since the Reagan era in the next few weeks, the White House says; the dollar and stocks rise after the announcement, despite signals from Congress that the timeline for tax reform is slipping. Nine senators from his own Republican party urge Trump to take a “tough-minded” approach to Russia, joining a growing chorus of lawmakers addressing concerns that he might be too conciliatory toward Moscow. In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, sources say. Considering his comments about Russia, NATO allies are looking for signs that Trump will stick with the U.S. commitment to the alliance made by the Obama administration. Trump disputes bipartisan accounts that his U.S. Supreme Court nominee privately voiced dismay over Trump’s attacks on the judiciary, saying Judge Neil Gorsuch’s comments had been misrepresented. Trump meets with airline executives and then laments what he called an out-of-date U.S. air traffic control system while criticizing current modernization efforts as the “wrong system” and too expensive. A dozen Democratic senators urge the Trump administration to reconsider overhauling and renaming a U.S. government program so it would focus solely on countering Islamist extremism, saying it could jeopardize security and may be illegal. Stephen Feinberg, chief executive of private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management [CBS.UL] who backed Trump’s election campaign, is being considered to lead a review of the vast U.S. intelligence operation and whether it can be restructured, current and former officials tell Reuters. Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway draws sharp criticism from a top Republican lawmaker and complaints over the ethics of using her position to urge Americans to buy product lines of Trump’s daughter Ivanka, a day after Trump attacked Nordstrom for dropping them. Trump uses the swearing-in ceremony of Attorney General Jeff Sessions to sign three executive orders, including ones targeting transnational drug cartels and those who commit crimes against law enforcement. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will propose new Cabinet-level U.S.-Japan talks on trade, security and macroeconomic issues, including currencies, when he meets Trump on Friday in Washington, a Japanese government official says. Trump and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani discussed opportunities to strengthen ties, security, counterterrorism cooperation and economic development during a telephone call on Thursday, the White House says in a statement. ",1
5538,"Trump on Twitter (Feb 9) - U.S. appeals court, Jeff Sessions, John McCain","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : -Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him? [0657 EST]     -Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave “service” in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS! [0819 EST]     -Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He’s been losing so.... [0826 EST]    -...long he doesn’t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero.. [0831 EST]     -..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a “failure.” Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! [0852 EST] -Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! LIVE: bit.ly/2kqq2f0Sessions [1058 EST] -SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! [1835 EST] -Congratulations Attorney General Jeff Sessions! [1228 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
5539,Trump criticizes billions in spending on U.S. air traffic control,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called the U.S. air traffic control system out of date on Thursday and criticized its $10 billion yearly price tag but stopped short of calling for privatization of the program. “I hear we’re spending billions and billions of dollars, it’s a system that’s totally out of whack,” Trump said during a picture-taking session at the White House ahead of his sitdown with airline and airport executives. His comments heartened advocates of privatization who have long sought to move away from the system they see as outdated.  “We want to get the government out of the role of managing the air traffic control system,” Gary Kelly, Southwest Airlines Co’s chief executive officer, told Trump during the picture-taking session.  The Federal Aviation Administration spends nearly $10 billion a year on air traffic control funded largely through passenger user fees, and has about 28,000 air traffic control personnel. Trump said he had been informed that ongoing modernization efforts to the air traffic control system were already obsolete by the pilot of his private jet.  “I hear the government contracted for a system that’s the wrong system,” Trump said. “It’s way over budget, it’s way behind schedule and when it’s complete it’s not going to be a good system.” The FAA has spent nearly $3 billion since 2007 to implement an updated system, “NextGen,” which would utilize satellites to monitor aircraft instead of radar and make other changes.     “NextGen is one of the most ambitious infrastructure and modernization projects in U.S. history,” the agency said in a statement. “The FAA invited airline stakeholders to help develop the blueprint for NextGen and they continue to have a seat at the table in setting NextGen priorities and investments through the NextGen Advisory Committee.” The Government Accountability Office said in a 2016 report that the United States “is generally considered to have the busiest, most complex and safest ATC system in the world.” (bit.ly/1Q9oiOF) The chief executives of United Airlines Inc, Delta Air Lines Inc, Southwest and JetBlue Airways Corp were among those who attended the meeting. After the meeting, Airports Council International-North America President and CEO Kevin Burke told reporters on a conference call that airport officials had urged Trump to lift the cap on airport passenger fees to address airport infrastructure needs.  Trump proposed during his campaign to spend $1 trillion over a decade to upgrade the country’s infrastructure. Trump also told the executives he recognized that U.S. airlines were facing pressure from foreign carriers. Heads of the three largest U.S. passenger carriers - American Airlines Group Inc, United and Delta - have urged the Trump administration to denounce the U.S. Open Skies agreements with the three major Middle Eastern carriers, which they accuse of having been unfairly subsidized by their governments.     The three airlines, Qatar, Etihad and Emirates [EMIRA.UL], have denied that their governments unfairly subsidize them. The Gulf airlines operate around 200 flights per week to 12 U.S. cities. “I know you’re under pressure from a lot of foreign elements and foreign carriers,” Trump said, adding that he wants foreign carriers also to do well. “They come with big investments, in many cases those investments come from their governments, but they are still big investments,” he said. ",1
5540,Exclusive: Trump considers private equity's Feinberg for U.S. intelligence review,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Stephen Feinberg, the chief executive of private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management [CBS.UL] who backed U.S. President Donald Trump’s election campaign, is being considered to lead a review of the vast U.S. intelligence operation and whether it can be restructured, current and former officials told Reuters. While cautioning that the appointment was not final, the U.S. officials said Feinberg, if named to the role, would look for ways to streamline 17 separate agencies, a roughly $70 billion annual budget and tens of thousands of employees. Trump’s advisers have expressed particular interest in reforming the role of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which was created after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to coordinate the work of U.S. spy agencies. The White House declined comment on Feinberg’s potential role. Cerberus declined to comment. Cerberus said last week that Feinberg was in talks to join Trump’s administration in a senior role, without specifying what that role could be. The firm told its investors that it had a succession plan in place that would result in  minimal changes to management and operations.  Potential conflicts of interest would also have to be resolved before Feinberg could join the administration. In a letter to investors last week, Cerberus said clearing that hurdle would require Feinberg to provide “voluminous information” and disclosures to the Office of Government Ethics. Feinberg, 56, who donated to Trump’s 2016 election campaign and served as an economic adviser to him, has no prior experience in government. A Princeton graduate, Feinberg was one of the co-founders of Cerberus in 1992. He previously worked at bond trader Drexel Burnham Lambert. Forbes Magazine currently pegs 56-year-old Feinberg’s net worth at $1.25 billion. Feinberg rarely gives interviews and has shunned public appearances.  Cerberus has investments in a wide range of brands and industries from guns and waste management to cosmetics and amusement parks. The firm became well known for a $7.4-billion deal it struck in 2007, along with co-investors, to buy an 80 percent stake in car maker Chrysler and its financing arm Chrysler Financial. Chrysler was pushed to the brink of liquidation in 2009 before a bailout that was the subject of intense debate within the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama. Cerberus lost control of the automaker during its restructuring. In 2010, Cerberus bought DynCorp, a defense contractor, for $1 billion. The company has had contracts to train Iraqi police and support U.S. troops in Afghanistan. It has business relationships with the U.S. military and other government agencies. Two other Wall Street figures who had been expected to work for Trump have had to bow out because of conflicts with their business activities. They are Anthony Scaramucci, who had been tapped as White House liaison to businesses, and Vincent Viola, Trump’s nominee for Army secretary. Several former U.S. intelligence officials acknowledged the potential for a review of spy agencies’ role, structure and inefficiencies. But they expressed concern that the study would  be run out of the White House, rather than under the aegis of the Director of National Intelligence, which was established with that oversight mandate. Trump has nominated former Senator Dan Coats to be director of national intelligence and said the post would be part of the Cabinet. Coats is awaiting Senate confirmation. Trump has had a fraught relationship with U.S. intelligence agencies. For weeks, he rejected their conclusion that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered cyber operatives to interfere in the election to help Trump’s chances against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, before appearing to accept it. ",1
5541,"Exclusive: In call with Putin, Trump denounced Obama-era nuclear arms treaty - sources"," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call.  When Putin raised the possibility of extending the 2010 treaty, known as New START, Trump paused to ask his aides in an aside what the treaty was, these sources said.  MORE TOP STORIES Japan's love of tiny cars a sore spot for Trump Trump changes tack, backs 'one China' policy Trump then told Putin the treaty was one of several bad deals negotiated by the Obama administration, saying that New START favored Russia. Trump also talked about his own popularity, the sources said.  The White House declined to comment on the details of the call. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump knew what the New START treaty is but had turned to his aides for an opinion during the call with Putin. He said the notes from the call would not have conveyed that.  “I would say they had a very productive call,” Spicer told reporters. He added, “It wasn’t like he didn’t know what was being said. He wanted an opinion on something.”  It has not been previously reported that Trump had conveyed his doubt about New START to Putin in the hour-long call.  New START gives both countries until February 2018 to reduce their deployed strategic nuclear warheads to no more than 1,550, the lowest level in decades. It also limits deployed land- and submarine-based missiles and nuclear-capable bombers.  During a debate in the 2016 presidential election, Trump said Russia had “outsmarted” the United States with the treaty, which he called “START-Up.” He asserted incorrectly then that it had allowed Russia to continue to produce nuclear warheads while the United States could not.  DON’T MISS UAW confirms workers at Tesla have approached the union Trump's Mexican wall just got $9.6 billion more expensive Two Democratic members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, senators Jeanne Shaheen and Edward J. Markey, criticized Trump for deriding what they called a key nuclear arms control accord.  “It’s impossible to overstate the negligence of the president of the United States not knowing basic facts about nuclear policy and arms control,” Shaheen said in a statement. “New START has unquestionably made our country safer, an opinion widely shared by national security experts on both sides of the aisle.”  Daryl Kimball, the executive director of the Arms Control Association, a Washington-based advocacy group, said: “Unfortunately, Mr. Trump appears to be clueless about the value of this key nuclear risk reduction treaty and the unique dangers of nuclear weapons.”  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he supported the treaty during his Senate confirmation hearings.  During the hearings Tillerson said it was important for the United States to “stay engaged with Russia, hold them accountable to commitments made under the New START and also ensure our accountability as well.”  Two of the people who described the conversation were briefed by current administration officials who read detailed notes taken during the call. One of the two was shown portions of the notes. A third source was also briefed on the call.  Reuters has not reviewed the notes taken of the call, which are classified.  The Kremlin did not immediately respond to requests for comment.  The phone call with Putin has added to concerns that Trump is not adequately prepared for discussions with foreign leaders.  Typically, before a telephone call with a foreign leader, a president receives a written in-depth briefing paper drafted by National Security Council staff after consultations with the relevant agencies, including the State Department, Pentagon and intelligence agencies, two former senior officials said.  Just before the call, the president also usually receives an oral “pre-briefing” from his national security adviser and top subject-matter aide, they said.  Trump did not receive a briefing from Russia experts with the NSC and intelligence agencies before the Putin call, two of the sources said. Reuters was unable to determine if Trump received a briefing from his national security adviser Michael Flynn.  In the phone call, the Russian leader raised the possibility of reviving talks on a range of disputes and suggested extending New START, the sources said.  New START can be extended for another five years, beyond 2021, by mutual agreement. Unless they agree to do that or negotiate new cuts, the world’s two biggest nuclear powers would be freed from the treaty’s limits, potentially setting the stage for a new arms race.  New START was ratified by the U.S. Senate in December 2010 by a vote of 71 to 26. Thirteen Republican senators joined all of the Senate’s Democrats in voting for the treaty, although Republican opponents derided it as naive.  The call with Putin was one of several with foreign leaders where Trump has turned to denounce deals negotiated by previous administrations on trade, acceptance of refugees and arms control.  In a phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump questioned an agreement reached by the Obama administration to accept 1,250 refugees now being held by Australia in offshore detention centers.  ",1
5542,Trump adds nuance to pro-Israel approach ahead of Netanyahu visit,"WASHINGTON/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - During his 2016 election campaign, Donald Trump signaled his presidency would be a boon for Israel and tough on Palestinians. The U.S. Embassy would move to Jerusalem, he would name an ambassador who backs Israeli settlements on land Palestinians seek for a state and there would be no pressure for peace talks. But as Trump prepares for his first White House meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, his administration has not only toned down its pro-Israel bravado but also taken the first tentative steps toward a more cautious Middle East diplomacy, including consultations with Sunni Arab allies and U.S. lawmakers, according to people familiar with the matter. While any strategy is still far from complete, there is growing consensus in the White House that tackling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict could require gentle nudging of Israel together with assurances to the Arab world that Trump will be more even-handed than his campaign rhetoric suggested. “This is a case where campaign promises run head-on into geopolitical reality and they have to be adjusted accordingly,” said a U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity. As a result, relocating the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem – a step world leaders including Jordan’s King Abdullah warned against and which would probably inflame the Muslim world - has been put on hold for now.  At the same time, the White House has adopted a more measured stance on Israeli settlement-building in occupied territory than candidate Trump appeared to advocate. Even so, there is little doubt that when Netanyahu meets Trump on Wednesday, he will find a Republican president determined to show more warmth to Israel than his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, with whom he had an acrimonious relationship. Social media exchanges have suggested a budding “bromance” between Netanyahu and Trump, who has pledged to be the “best friend” Israel has ever had in the White House. As a result, Palestinians fear their leaders will be frozen out and their statehood aspirations pushed aside. One White House aide cautioned that the administration is still in “listening mode” on the issue. Since taking office on Jan. 20, Trump has spoken by phone to Egyptian, Saudi and United Arab Emirates leaders and heard Abdullah’s concerns in person. All of these countries have growing contacts with Israel, mostly behind the scenes and centered on a shared desire to counter Iran, a point that Netanyahu has often cited as among the grounds for his country’s eventual thaw with the Arab world. Signaling an emerging view that U.S. Arab allies could be helpful on the Israeli-Palestinian issue, Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, assigned to a senior role in Middle East diplomacy, has met Arab officials, including the UAE’s ambassador to Washington, the New York Times reported. In his talks with Trump, Netanyahu is expected to try to keep the focus on forging a common front against Iran, Israel’s regional enemy and a target of Trump’s ire. The Israeli-Palestinian dispute will nonetheless be on the agenda, especially after Israel’s parliament drew international condemnation for approving a law retroactively legalizing 4,000 settler homes built on privately owned Palestinian land. Barring a curve ball from the sometimes unpredictable U.S. president, Trump is unlikely to use the talks to press Netanyahu for concessions toward the Palestinians in the way Obama did. But neither can Trump afford to be seen to abandon the U.S. commitment to a two-state solution, the bedrock of Washington’s Middle East policy since the 1993 interim peace accords and a principle embraced internationally. A White House statement on Feb. 2 set forth a more nuanced position, backing away from a longstanding U.S. view of settlements as an “impediment” to peace but instead saying new settlements or the expansion of existing ones beyond current boundaries “may not be helpful” to that goal. That shift transpired just hours after Trump met briefly with King Abdullah on the sidelines of an event in Washington. Even so, the emerging shape of Trump policy remains more accommodating toward Israel than at any time since Republican George W. Bush occupied the White House. “It seems we are headed for a new policy with this administration that is different from its predecessor in how it deals with the Palestinian leadership and the Palestinian cause,” said Wasel Abu Youssef, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization’s executive committee.  There has been no contact between the Palestinian leadership and the Trump administration so far, Palestinian officials said. Moderate, Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas was among the first world leaders Obama called on his first full day in office in 2009. A White House official insisted, however, that the administration intends to develop a relationship with the Palestinian Authority. All the same, many Israeli officials do not read the White House’s settlements statement as a warning to Israel or a reining-in of Netanyahu. Not only does it conclude that settlements do not block peace prospects, it also says construction within established settlements is acceptable to Washington. “Bibi will be happy,” said an Israeli diplomat, using Netanyahu’s nickname. “He can put new settlements on hold and hold off the right wing by pointing to Trump. At the same time, he can build as much as he wants within existing settlements.” In that regard, the lines drawn by the White House help Netanyahu fend off demands from the far right in his coalition for sweeping steps, like annexing portions of the West Bank. Palestinians would be especially alarmed if Trump decided to proceed with moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, essentially recognizing the city as Israel’s capital despite international insistence that its status must be decided in negotiations. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem, captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war and annexed in a move not recognized internationally, as the capital of their future state. Trump and his aides have played down the prospects for a quick embassy move since he took office. Some experts see a moderating influence in Trump’s national security team. It has members such as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil chief executive with extensive contacts among Gulf Arab governments, and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, a retired Marine general. They will have to deal with other, sometimes ideologically driven advisers with close personal ties to Trump. David Friedman, Trump’s former bankruptcy lawyer and now nominee as ambassador to Israel, has raised funds for a West Bank settlement and voiced doubt about Palestinian statehood. Kushner’s family has donated tens of thousands of dollars to the same settlement. Aides may be moving circumspectly also in hope of keeping the door open if Trump – who has touted his skills as a master dealmaker – decides to seek what he has called the “ultimate deal”: Israeli-Palestinian peace.  To pursue such an initiative, the United States needs to be seen as an even-handed mediator, while also overcoming the rigid disputes that have scuppered so many peace efforts over the years: settlements, borders, the status of Jerusalem, what to do with Palestinian refugees, and Palestinian political divisions. The last, U.S.-brokered round of peace talks collapsed in 2014. It remains to be seen whether the Trump administration will be inclined to devote much attention to the Israeli-Palestinian issue at a time when it is distracted by other priorities. In the Middle East alone, the fight against Islamic State and countering Iran are higher on the agenda.  However, if Trump at some point does opt to wade in where so many of his predecessors have failed, for Netanyahu – who is looking for a reset of U.S.-Israeli relations – it might be a case of “be careful what you wish for”. ",1
5543,"Trump vows 'phenomenal' tax announcement, offers no details","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump plans to announce the most ambitious tax reform plan since the Reagan era in the next few weeks, the White House said on Thursday, sending stock prices and the dollar higher on hopes for a cut in corporate tax rates. In a White House meeting with airline executives, Trump promised a “phenomenal” tax plan, but offered no specifics other than citing the need to a lower tax burden on businesses. “That’s coming along very well. We’re way ahead of schedule,” the president said. “We’re going to be announcing something I would say over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax and developing our aviation infrastructure.” White House spokesman Sean Spicer later told reporters that Trump would unveil a comprehensive tax plan including tax cuts for individuals as well as businesses. Despite the likelihood of disagreements in Congress before tax reform can be enacted, the U.S. dollar rose along with bond yields and stocks in response to the news. Under U.S. law, only Congress can substantively change the tax code, which has not been overhauled thoroughly since 1986. Tax legislation must begin in the House of Representatives. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, a Texas Republican who has been talking to the White House about a tax reform bill, said he was “pretty positive” about Trump’s remarks. “We’re going in the same direction in a good way,” Brady told Fox News.  Both U.S. political parties generally agree on the need for tax reform, but action has been stymied by the complexity of the code which is riddled with loopholes. Spicer said to expect “a comprehensive plan, something we haven’t seen since 1986 ... It’s going to recognize the need to give so many working Americans the relief that they need.” “What he wants to do is create a tax climate that not only keeps jobs here but incentivizes companies to want to come here, to grow here, to create jobs here, to bring their profits back here.” During last year’s election campaign, the president pledged to cut the U.S. business tax rate from to 15 percent from 35 percent. Investors have been waiting for details on Trump’s election campaign pledge to stimulate U.S. economic growth through spending on infrastructure projects and tax cuts. “That was really the crux of the dollar rally shortly after his election, and I think investors are getting really excited about that again,” BK Asset Management managing director Kathy Lien said as Trump’s comments sent the U.S. dollar to its best one-day gain against the yen in three weeks.     Before Trump’s comments on Thursday, tax reform appeared to be losing momentum in Congress. The White House and House Republicans have been in discussions about a House tax reform plan that includes a controversial border adjustment proposal. The measure has come under fire from retailers, oil refiners and automakers who fear its 20 percent import tax could raise consumer prices.  In a sign of the bumpy road ahead, Republican Senator David Perdue of Georgia called border adjustment “a bad idea” and urged his colleagues in a letter not to support it.  Lawmakers have also been considering ways to upgrade U.S. infrastructure such as roads, bridges, airports and rail systems. At Thursday’s meeting, Trump discussed what he called an obsolete U.S. air traffic control system, as well as out-of-date airport infrastructure, train systems and roads. He told the executives he was determined to “change all of that” and said they would be very happy with his proposals. “You people are regulated probably as much as almost anybody, although I can think of a couple of industries that are even worse,” Trump said. ",1
5544,U.S. senators denounce Trump plan to focus counter-extremism program on Islam,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A dozen Democratic U.S. senators on Thursday denounced a Trump administration plan to revamp a government program on countering violent extremism, saying narrowing its focus solely to Islamic threats could jeopardize security and may be illegal. Restructuring the program to omit white supremacists and other non-Islamist groups “would severely damage our credibility with foreign allies and partners as an honest broker in the fight against violent extremism, and prove divisive in communities across our country,” Senators Cory Booker, Brian Schatz and 10 others wrote in a letter addressed to cabinet secretaries. Reuters reported last week that Republican President Donald Trump’s administration wants to rename the “Countering Violent Extremism,” or CVE, program introduced by the previous Democratic administration of Barack Obama to “Countering Islamic Extremism” or “Countering Radical Islamic Extremism.” The potential name change reflects a broader goal of Trump’s to exclude groups in the program’s purview such as white supremacist, whose followers have also carried out bombings and shootings in the United States, five sources familiar with the matter said. CVE aimed to address the causes of why some people are drawn to violence or extremism by providing grants and other resources to community groups to develop prevention efforts, including using social media. Earlier this month, Trump signed an executive order temporarily blocking travel to the United States by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries, prompting a global outcry and charges from his critics that he was advancing a white nationalist agenda. Trump has rejected characterizations of the order as a “Muslim ban” and said it is necessary to protect national security. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) officials who work on CVE met on Tuesday to continue discussions about the proposed changes, according to two sources who have worked closely with DHS on the program. Refocusing CVE efforts largely on Islam would “alienate Muslim organizations and individuals in the United States”, the senators wrote to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Wade Warren, acting administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development. “It will also put U.S. service members, diplomats, development practitioners, and citizens traveling the world at significant risk, and will increase the likelihood of more attacks,” the letter said, and could “violate constitutional protections and the rights of American citizens.” At least three community organizations have already declined funding collectively totaling nearly $1.4 million awarded under the auspices of the CVE task force, citing concerns about the Trump administration’s posture toward Muslims and the possible changes to the program.  White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined to comment on the reported changes last week, but said during a briefing that the program was initially intended to focus on “rooting out radical Islamic terrorism.” Several former DHS officials told Reuters the CVE program was not conceived with that goal, although it has been criticized by even some supporters as tacitly too focused on Muslims or largely ineffective. ",1
5545,"Senators question Kaleo' $4,500 tag on opioid overdose treatment","(Reuters) - U.S. Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill on Thursday asked Kaleo Pharmaceuticals to justify the more than 550 percent surge in the price of its device to treat painkiller overdoses, becoming the second senator to question Evzio’s $4,500 price tag. Evzio contains the overdose-reversing drug naloxone and can be used in emergencies by people without medical training. Privately held Kaleo has raised the price of a twin-pack to $4,500, from $690 in 2014, according to a Kaiser Health News report. (bit.ly/2kFzxaq) The concerns over Evzio’s price comes at a time when pharmaceutical companies are facing intense scrutiny over “price-gouging”, and as lawmakers struggle with the epidemic of opioid abuse. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates at least 91 Americans succumb every day to opioid overdose, which experts partly blame on unrestricted painkiller prescriptions. ""At a time when Congress has worked to expand access to naloxone products and to assist state and local communities to equip first responders with this life-saving drug, this startling price hike is very concerning,"" McCaskill said in a letter to Kaleo Chief Executive Spencer Williamson. (bit.ly/2kYbUMP) The letter, which was signed by 30 U.S. senators, asked Kaleo for information on Evzio’s price structure and why the company chose to adjust prices. “We received the letter from the Senators and are in communication with them to ensure all questions are addressed,” Williamson told Reuters in an e-mailed statement. Democrat Senator Amy Klobuchar sent Kaleo a letter earlier this month, voicing similar concerns. Williamson said that Americans with commercial insurance and a prescription could get Evzio, which was approved in 2014, for no out-of-pocket cost, or for $360 if they paid cash. He added that people without insurance and with household income under $100,000 could get Evzio for no out-of-pocket cost. Kaleo’s other product is Auvi-Q, an emergency allergy auto-injector that is a rival to Mylan NV’s EpiPen, which came under intense criticism last year for its high price. Kaleo said last month that it would offer Auvi-Q at no cost to many consumers, but set a list price – to be used as the benchmark cost to insurance companies – at a whopping $4,500. ",1
5546,Court nominee was not commenting on Trump's tweets: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was not commenting on President Donald Trump’s tweets when he told a senator that attacks on the judiciary were demoralizing, but rather making a “generalization.” “The judge was very clear that he was not commenting on any specific  matter,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. “You can’t then take that and equate it back to the specific.” Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said on Wednesday that Gorsuch had told him Trump’s comments on Twitter criticizing the judiciary were “disheartening and demoralizing.” Trump on Thursday said Gorsuch’s comments had been misrepresented. ",1
5547,"Trump to meet Canada's PM amid tensions over trade, immigration","OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will hold his first talks with U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday amid tensions over whether the administration plans protectionist measures that could cripple Canada’s economy. The two leaders also have differing views about immigration from predominantly Muslim nations and Trump is likely to press his Canadian counterpart to ramp up defense spending and thereby help shore up NATO. Although the progressive 45-year-old Trudeau has little in common with the 70-year-old Republican businessman president, he needs to make a good impression on Trump, who wants to  renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States and is keen to avoid becoming the target of extra tariffs or other damaging measures. Trump says NAFTA, which also includes Mexico, has been disastrous for American workers. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland sounded a note of caution on Wednesday, saying Canada opposed the idea of the United States imposing new border tariffs and would respond appropriately to any such move. Although neither administration released details of Monday’s meeting at the White House, two people familiar with the talks said it would be wide-ranging. “They will discuss everything - trade, the border, security and defense,” said one person, who asked to remain anonymous because of the sensitivity of the matter. Defense, particularly NATO, is a likely sticking point. Although Alliance nations have committed to spending 2 percent of gross domestic product on their militaries, Canada contributes barely half that.     Trudeau’s office, asked about the agenda, said more details would become known later. “President Trump and Prime Minister Trudeau look forward to a constructive conversation on strengthening the relationship between our two nations,” the White House said in a statement. Several senior Canadian government ministers visited Washington this week to meet their U.S. counterparts as part of a charm offensive designed to persuade the Trump team not to single out Canada during the NAFTA talks. The Trump administration is not necessarily all bad news for the Canadian economy. Last month, the president cleared the way for TransCanada Corp’s (TRP.TO) proposed Keystone XL pipeline from the Alberta oil sands to U.S. refineries. If built, the project could help a Canadian energy sector struggling with low crude prices. ",1
5548,"Trump tax plan to help businesses, working Americans: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s forthcoming tax reform plan will be comprehensive and aims to give companies incentives to keep jobs in the United States and help spur American economic growth, the White House said on Thursday. Speaking to reporters at a daily press briefing, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump’s plan will aim to provide tax relief to middle-class Americans. He said more details will come when the plan is released in coming weeks.  ",1
5549,Sessions confirmed as U.S. attorney general after battle with Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bitterly divided U.S. Senate confirmed Republican Senator Jeff Sessions on Wednesday as the next attorney general of the United States after strong pushback from Democrats concerned about his record on civil rights.  Sessions, 70, who has served two decades in the Senate from Alabama, was confirmed by a 52-47 vote largely along party lines after Democrats raised public opposition to his confirmation.  In a rare move for a senator recently confirmed to a Cabinet position, Sessions took to the floor of the chamber after the vote and called for members of Congress to have some “latitude” in their relationships with members of the other party.     “I want to thank those who after it all found sufficient confidence to confirm me as the next attorney general,” Sessions said.  “Denigrating people who disagree with us, I think, is not a healthy trend for our body,” he said, referring to the Senate. On Tuesday, Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, a darling of the political left, was silenced in the Senate for reading a 1986 letter from Coretta Scott King, the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., that criticized Sessions for his civil rights record. Democrats, civil rights and immigration groups have voiced alarm about Sessions’ record of controversial positions on race, immigration and criminal justice reform.  With Sessions as attorney general, eight of President Donald Trump’s 22 Cabinet nominees have been confirmed. The Republican-led Senate also voted on Wednesday to advance Representative Tom Price’s nomination to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The Senate is likely to vote to confirm Price on Friday. Sessions, a known immigration hardliner, will take the lead of the Justice Department as its lawyers are defending Trump’s temporary entry ban on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries and all refugees, the most controversial executive order of the young administration.  The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is due to rule this week on whether to overrule a district court judge in Seattle who suspended the ban last week.  Civil rights groups worry that the Justice Department’s civil rights division will not be aggressive in prosecuting abuses under Sessions. They cite his failure to win Senate confirmation to become a federal judge in 1986 because of allegations he made racist remarks, including testimony that he had called an African-American prosecutor “boy,” an allegation Sessions denied. Sessions said at his hearing in 1986 that groups such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union could be considered “un-American.” He also acknowledged he had called the Voting Rights Act of 1965 a “piece of intrusive legislation.”  The left-leaning Center for American Progress think tank  questioned whether Sessions would be an independent legal voice to challenge Trump’s agenda.  “Trump has shown little respect for the courts or the constitutional limits on his power, and there is no reason to think that Attorney General Sessions will act as an independent check on the president,” said Michele Jawando, vice president for legal progress at the think tank. Sessions has pushed to curb immigration into the United States, including by those who enter legally on work permits.  He has also voted against many measures to reduce sentences for prisoners. The Republican National Committee pushed back against what it called “obstructing” by Democrats.    “That Democrats would try to skew Sessions’ strong civil rights record and consistent adherence to rule of law in a partisan effort to block their colleague’s nomination shows their only commitment is to blindly obstructing this administration,” Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said on Sessions’ confirmation.  ",1
5550,Trump says Supreme Court nominee's comments 'misrepresented',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday repeated his accusation that a Democratic lawmaker had misconstrued private comments from U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. “His comments were misrepresented,” Trump told reporters, when asked about reports that Gorsuch had criticized Trump’s comments on the judiciary during a meeting with Senator Richard Blumenthal. ",1
5551,Japan's Abe to propose new cabinet level talks with United States: government official,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will propose new cabinet level U.S.-Japan talks on trade, security and macroeconomic issues, including currencies, when he meets U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday, a Japanese government official involved in planning the summit said. Abe heads to Washington later on Thursday hoping promises to help create U.S. jobs and bolster Japan’s military will persuade Trump to turn down the heat on trade and currency and stand by the decades-old alliance. “In a situation in which security relations in the Asia-Pacific region are increasingly severe, it is very important to demonstrate the unshakeable U.S.-Japan alliance at home and abroad,” Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference. “This is the most important theme of the U.S.-Japan leaders summit,” he said, adding it was also vital to have constructive discussions on how to create a “win-win” relationship by further strengthening U.S.-Japan economic ties. Trump has lumped Japan with China and Mexico as big contributors to the U.S. trade deficit, targeted its auto trade as “unfair” and accused Tokyo of using monetary policy to devalue its currency to boost exports. “We use monetary easing, fiscal policy and structural reform in order to escape from deflation. We don’t engage in competitive currency devaluation or target specific levels,”    Masahiko Shibayama, an adviser to the premier, told Reuters. “We’ll explain based on the fact that Japanese automakers are contributing to U.S. jobs through their local subsidiaries.” During his election campaign, Trump complained Tokyo was not sharing enough of the cost of the U.S. security umbrella although his defense secretary, Jim Mattis, assured Japan the alliance was firm when he visited the country last week.  Abe, who will be accompanied by Finance Minister Taro Aso and Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida, will bring a package of steps Tokyo says could create 700,000 U.S. jobs through private-public investment in infrastructure such as high-speed trains, government sources say. Trump, who abandoned the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact championed by his predecessor Barack Obama and Abe as a counterweight to a rising China, has made clear he wants a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA) with Tokyo instead. Abe has left the door open to FTA talks but Japanese officials worry such negotiations would boost pressure on politically sensitive sectors such as agriculture while yielding few economic benefits for Japan. The new cabinet level talks, the government official told Reuters, would be a way of buying time rather than opening FTA talks at an early stage.  Tokyo and Washington already have a cabinet-level mechanism for security talks, the so-called “2-plus-2” meetings of defense and foreign ministers. The new economic framework will be headed by Aso, who is also deputy prime minister, and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, and would address a range of issues, with a focus on crafting trade policies and measures to bolster U.S. employment, said a report in the Nikkei business daily. Abe is likely to propose crafting highly liberal rules for trade and investment in areas such as intellectual property protection, rules of origin, regulations on state-owned companies and e-commerce, the Nikkei said. Japan hopes such bilateral rules would be similar to those agreed upon in the TPP and could be extended to cover the Asia-Pacific region to counter China’s growing clout, it added. The two nations are also preparing statements regarding economic cooperation and security to be issued after the summit meeting, the Nikkei said.  Abe and Trump will also play a round of gold in Florida this weekend after the meeting at the White House on Friday and Trump said he will make sure the Japanese leader is his partner in the game, rather than a competitor.  ",1
5552,Trump opposes undermining Japan's control of disputed islands: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump would oppose any unilateral declarations that would undermine Japan’s administration of disputed islands in the East China Sea, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday ahead of Trump’s meetings with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The official said in a conference call with reporters that  any discussion about sovereignty of the islands was not expected to be addressed in the talks on Friday at the White House. There have been long-standing tensions between China and Japan over what Japan considers their territorial waters in the East China Sea including islands known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China. The official said any discussion about allegations of  currency manipulation on the part of Japan is not at the top of Trump’s list for the talks, but did not rule out the issue could come up informally. After meeting in Washington, Abe and Trump were scheduled to  travel to Palm Beach, Florida, to stay at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago retreat and play golf on Saturday. The U.S. official said any discussion on Trump’s strategy toward North Korea’s nuclear program is premature but urged Pyongyang not to take provocative actions. Any such actions would help inform Trump’s strategy, the official said. As for a letter that Trump sent to Chinese President Xi Jingping on Wednesday, the official said it included a message that Trump looks forward to discussing with Xi issues of mutual cooperation and “well-known differences.” ",1
5553,Nine Republican senators urge Trump to pursue tough Russia policy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nine senators from his own Republican party urged President Donald Trump on Thursday to take a “tough-minded” approach to Russia, joining a growing chorus of lawmakers addressing concerns that he might be too conciliatory toward Moscow. The nine senators, including the Senate’s number two Republican, John Cornyn, wrote in a letter to Trump that cooperation with Moscow is essential in many areas, but calling for tough action on Ukraine, Syria and cyber security. “However, while we should seek common ground with Russia in the areas of mutual interest, we must never pursue cooperation with Russia at the expense of our fundamental interests of defending our allies and promoting our values,” they wrote. The letter said the United States should condemn, and take steps to stop, Russian aggression in Ukraine, including maintaining sanctions and imposing new ones as necessary. They also want Trump to send Ukraine lethal weapons to defend itself. Trump’s open admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin and promises to rebuild frayed U.S. ties with Moscow have raised questions, in Washington and among U.S. allies, over his commitment to maintaining sanctions against Russia for its involvement in fighting in Ukraine and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. The letter also said Washington should not enter into any agreement with Moscow on Syria until Russia stops supporting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. And it said Washington should counter cyber attacks blamed on Russia. The letter was led by Senator Cory Gardner. Besides Cornyn and Gardner, it was also signed by Jim Inhofe, Todd Young, Rob Portman, Mike Rounds, Joni Ernst, Susan Collins and Lindsey Graham. Republicans and Democrats in the Senate and House of Representatives have also introduced legislation seeking additional action against Russia, although there has been no action on most of those bills just three weeks into the Trump administration. Some lawmakers have also sought to give Congress a voice over whether Trump, who has issued a series of executive orders on a range of issues, can ease current sanctions on Russia. ",1
5554,Labor nominee Puzder's company wins discrimination trial delay as confirmation looms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Labor secretary nominee Andrew Puzder, the controversial business leader expected to undergo a U.S. Senate confirmation hearing next week, will be spared an emotionally weighted and concurrent discrimination trial against the restaurant group he heads. A state court in Orange County, California, has granted CKE Restaurants Inc a delay from Feb. 27 - when the full Senate might still be considering Puzder’s nomination - to early June for an age and disability discrimination lawsuit after the company cited “negative publicity” generated by his nomination. Puzder, CKE Restaurants’ chief executive, has been under fire by Democrats and labor groups for opposing increases in the minimum wage and aiming to curb worker protections. But his expected confirmation by a Republican majority in the Senate has not been knocked off track. By the June 5 trial, he may be labor secretary and well along the way to divesting himself from the company. Puzder agreed to divest his stakes in CKE, worth anywhere between $11 million and $55 million, if confirmed, according to an ethics submission reviewed by Reuters. Puzder’s confirmation hearing has been repeatedly delayed as a government ethics office reviewed his plan to divest from CKE, which owns franchised restaurants, including Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s. Puzder also promised to divest his holdings in more than 200 assets, including Berkshire Hathaway Inc, Altria Group Inc, Bank of America Corp and Cisco Systems Inc, within 90 days of his confirmation. He will divest from more illiquid funds within 180 days, but he declined to provide details for some of the funds’ underlying assets, citing a confidentiality agreement. The California case was brought by James Dombrowski, whose employment was terminated as he recovered from a brain biopsy, according to court filings.  CKE’s franchised restaurants have faced wage-and-hour and labor condition complaints from workers, but the Dombrowski case is against the holding company largely controlled by Puzder.  CKE was also named in an antitrust lawsuit filed by current and former Carl’s Jr. workers in a California court on Wednesday that alleges a scheme to suppress wages across its franchises by using “no hire” agreements. Dombrowski claims that he was fired by CKE when he tried to return to work in 2015, at the age of 68, after taking a disability leave following a brain biopsy which temporarily paralyzed him.  CKE’s attorney in the Dombrowski case, Scott Ferrell,  argued that the negative publicity surrounding CKE’s business practices due to Puzder’s fame as a Cabinet nominee would hurt the company’s ability to have a fair jury trial, not that the case would in any way hurt Puzder’s ability to be confirmed. Ferrell declined to comment on the case. Dombrowski’s attorney did not respond to requests for comment. A representative of Puzder also declined to comment. CKE Restaurants has said it is up to its franchises to set wages and working conditions and they are protected from liability as a franchisor. Senator Susan Collins, who is on the panel that will hold Puzder’s initial confirmation hearing next week, said she has not made a decision regarding Puzder. Collins was one of two Republicans to vote against Betsy DeVos, who was confirmed on Tuesday to head President Donald Trump’s Department of Education. “I have not reached a decision. I almost always wait until there’s a hearing, unless I know the individual well,” Collins said on Thursday.  “I’ve had two conversations with Mr. Puzder and I think there are questions outstanding that will be, I’m sure, delved into at his hearing,” she added. Puzder, an enthusiastic early supporter of Trump, has lobbied against efforts to raise the minimum wage and is expected to roll back rules aimed at curbing unpaid overtime and improving worker safety if confirmed to head the Labor Department. ",1
5555,Alabama attorney general named to Jeff Sessions' Senate seat,"(Reuters) - Alabama’s state attorney general will fill the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Republican Jeff Sessions after his confirmation as attorney general of the United States, Governor Robert Bentley said on Thursday. Luther Strange, also a Republican, will hold the Senate seat until a special election in 2018, the governor’s office said in a statement.  Sessions, 70, served two decades as a senator for Alabama before being confirmed on Wednesday as President Donald Trump’s attorney general. A Senate divided by concerns over his record on civil rights voted 52-47, largely along party lines. Strange, a 63-year-old former basketball player at Tulane University nicknamed “Big Luther” for his size, had announced his plans to run for the seat after Trump nominated Sessions. “I pledge to the people of Alabama to continue the same level of leadership as Jeff Sessions in consistently fighting to protect and advance the conservative values we all care about,” Strange said in a statement following his appointment. Alabama voters first elected Strange as attorney general in 2010. Bentley on Thursday highlighted Strange’s role in negotiating the landmark settlement agreement with BP for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. According to local media, Alabama lawmakers said Strange asked them last year to suspend their impeachment investigation of Bentley over allegations he had an affair with a former political adviser and used state resources to pursue it. The Republican governor has denied the affair and any wrongdoing. Lawmakers said Strange was conducting a related probe, but the attorney general’s office has not said whether it was investigating the governor, according to the Montgomery Advertiser newspaper. A spokeswoman for the attorney general’s office did not have an immediate comment on the reports. The governor’s office said Bentley conducted more than 20 hours of interviews with candidates before tapping Strange for the Senate seat. Bentley said Strange would be sworn in on Thursday. ",1
5556,U.S. senators want say on any Trump Russia sanctions action,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - (This February 8 story has been refiled to correct word in name of bill to review from relief in second paragraph.) Senior U.S. senators called on Wednesday for the right to review any move the White House might make to ease sanctions on Russia, amid mounting concern in Congress - and among U.S. allies - that President Donald Trump will be too conciliatory toward Moscow. The lawmakers, led by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and Democrat Ben Cardin, introduced “The Russia Sanctions Review Act of 2017,” modeled on a 2015 bill that let Congress review the Iran nuclear agreement signed by then-President Barack Obama. Trump’s open admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin and promises to rebuild frayed U.S. ties with Moscow have raised questions over his commitment to maintaining sanctions against Russia for its involvement in fighting in Ukraine and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. The bill announced on Wednesday would require the administration to submit to Congress a description of any proposed sanctions relief, as well as certification that Moscow had stopped supporting actions to undermine the government of Ukraine and ceased cyber attacks against the U.S. government and its people. The legislation would give the Republican-led Senate and House of Representatives 120 days to act, or decline to act, on any sanctions relief. During that period, Trump would be barred from action to ease sanctions. After 120 days, sanctions relief would be granted only if the Senate and House had not voted for a Joint Resolution of Disapproval. The measure is also backed by Republican Senators Marco Rubio and John McCain and Democrats Sherrod Brown and Claire McCaskill. It was not immediately clear whether Republican congressional leaders would back the measure or how it would fare in the House, but the bill has the support of some of the leading foreign policy voices in the Senate. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters he did not want to specifically address the legislation. He pointed to support within the Trump administration for keeping sanctions in place, noting that U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley had addressed the issue of keeping Russian sanctions related to Crimea “very forcefully.” A review of the bill by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has not been scheduled, said a spokeswoman for Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s chairman and author of the 2015 Iran review act. Cardin is the panel’s senior Democrat. The spokeswoman added: “Senator Corker strongly supports keeping sanctions in place against Russia for its continued destabilizing behavior in Ukraine.”  ",1
5557,"Trump orders target cartels, crime as attorney general sworn in","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump used the swearing-in ceremony of Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday to sign three executive orders, including ones targeting transnational drug cartels and those who commit crimes against law enforcement. “These dangerous times require a determined attorney general,” Trump said at an Oval Office ceremony for Sessions, who said rising crime is a “dangerous, permanent trend” in the United States and also promised to “end this lawlessness” of illegal immigration. ",1
5558,Longest-serving justice on Delaware Supreme Court to retire,"WILMINGTON, Del (Reuters) - The longest-serving member of Delaware’s Supreme Court, Randy Holland, announced his plan to retire at the end of March, according to a statement from the court on Thursday. Holland, 70, joined the five-member court as the youngest ever to serve in 1986 and became the longest-serving member in 2009.  A replacement will be nominated by Governor John Carney, who took office last month, and must be confirmed by the state’s senate. Justices serve 12-year terms. “I just feel that after 30 years it is time to retire,” said Holland in a statement. “I’m looking forward to pursuing other opportunities, like teaching.” A majority of publicly traded U.S. companies are chartered in Delaware and the court plays a key role interpreting the state’s corporate law and has decided many billion dollar merger disputes. The court recently dismissed a $171 million investor lawsuit against pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Inc and revived a lawsuit against Zynga Inc’s controlling shareholder, Mark Pincus, over sales of the social gaming company’s stock. The court is also expected to rule in the coming months on a heated lawsuit that could decide control of one of the world’s largest translation services companies, TransPerfect Global Inc. Holland was the remaining justice on the court who had been appointed prior to Leo Strine becoming the court’s chief justice in 2014. Strine was elevated from the role of chancellor, or chief judge, of the Court of Chancery, which specializes in corporate disputes. ",1
5559,Trump's visit to Britain could happen around June: London police chief,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s state visit to the United Kingdom could happen around June, the outgoing chief of London’s Metropolitan Police said on Thursday. Speaking on an LBC radio show, police chief Bernard Hogan-Howe said: “I think President Trump is coming around June.” The police chief added that there was concern about protests during the visit. Prime Minister Theresa May, seeking closer ties to Washington as Britain withdraws from the European Union, invited Trump to make a state visit to Britain. A state visit involves lavish displays of royal pageantry and a banquet hosted by Queen Elizabeth.  May’s invitation prompted criticism in Britain with over 1.8 million people signing a petition calling for the visit to be scrapped. The speaker of the lower house of Britain’s parliament said he did not support the idea of Trump addressing parliament during the visit. “The invitation has only relatively recently been extended and accepted,” May’s spokesman told reporters. “The details surrounding that trip are yet to be firmed up.”  ",1
5560,Fighting travel ban is gamble for Democratic officials in Trump states,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Three of the 19 Democratic state attorneys general who joined Washington state’s legal challenge to U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban are making a politically tricky maneuver: they are from states that went for Trump in the November election. The attorneys general of Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Iowa - key states for Trump in his presidential election victory - say they signed on to the legal action seeking to overturn the travel restrictions because of the potential impact of the presidential order on their states.  “When someone says to me you’re doing this in a state that Trump won,” Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro told Reuters, his response is: “Trump is doing this in a state that I won.” Pennsylvania was a crucial swing state in the 2016 election between Trump, a Republican, and Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. Trump ended up winning the state with nearly 3 million votes. On the same night Shapiro, a Democrat, won 86,000 more votes than Trump to become the state’s attorney general.  Shapiro said political considerations played no role in his decision to help coordinate a Democratic legal response on the Trump travel ban, which he believes is unconstitutional. If Trump enacts policies that enhance the rights of Pennsylvanians, Shapiro said he would stand “shoulder to shoulder” with him. Charlie Gerow, a Republican political strategist in Pennsylvania, said he doubts Shapiro took much of a risk in opposing Trump’s order, in part because he was just elected and voters likely will not care in four years when he runs again. “My guess is he believes that it is important to his base that he be perceived as a leader in this fight,” Gerow said. Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order barred entry to the United States to citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries for 90 days and imposed a 120-day halt on all refugees, except refugees from Syria, who are barred indefinitely.  Washington state challenged the legality of the order, claiming it discriminated against Muslims, and a Seattle federal judge suspended the order on Friday. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is now reviewing that ruling. Just two of the nation’s Democratic attorneys general did not sign on to the fight, and both were from deeply Republican states where the political risk was potentially greater.  Jim Hood, Mississippi’s attorney general since 2004, told Reuters budget concerns kept him from joining with his colleagues in other states on the legal action.  But he said he was “grateful to these attorneys general for carrying the fight on this important issue.” Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear, who won his election by just 2,000 votes in 2015, said in a statement that he declined to join his colleagues because “when you join in other large groups that make statements, you lose your own particular voice.” As for his own views, Beshear said as a Christian he believes “we have a duty to help families facing terrorism and oppression,” but he did not say whether he thought Trump’s order was illegal. North Carolina Attorney General Josh Stein, a Democrat, was elected by a slim margin of 20,000 votes on the same night that Trump took the state with nearly 200,000 votes more than Clinton.  Stein, previously a state senator, said he decided to sign on because Trump’s order is hurting his state.  “I ran for the position of attorney general to protect the people of North Carolina,” he told Reuters. “I did not run to engage in battle with the federal government.”  Tom Miller, Iowa’s attorney general since 1995, told Reuters he supported Washington state in the fight but did not expect to take a lead. He said he hoped to identify areas to work with Republican attorneys general, none of whom have so far made any court filings over the Trump travel ban. “One of the areas I will be looking at in particular is consumer protection,” Miller said. Dave ‘Mudcat’ Saunders, a Democratic political strategist in rural Virginia, said attorneys general in swing states are unlikely to pay a high price for opposing Trump on immigration. “They aren’t going to gain any votes. They’re going to satisfy their base,” he said. “The people who are going to get pissed off about it weren’t going to vote for them anyway.”  For graphic on states seeking to block Trump's travel ban, click tmsnrt.rs/2kncgd0 ",1
5561,Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties,"BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has broken the ice with Chinese President Xi Jinping in a letter that said he looked forward to working with him to develop relations, although the pair haven’t spoken directly since Trump took office. The letter thanked Xi for his congratulatory note on Trump’s inauguration and wished the Chinese people a prosperous Lunar New Year of the Rooster, the White House said in a statement on Wednesday. “President Trump stated that he looks forward to working with President Xi to develop a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China,” it said. China said on Thursday it attached great importance to China-U.S. ties.  “We highly appreciate President Trump’s holiday greetings to President Xi Jinping and the Chinese people,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said at a daily press briefing.  Asked whether it was a snub that Trump had held calls with many other world leaders as president, but not Xi, Lu said: “This kind of remark is meaningless.” He reiterated that China and the U.S. had maintained “close communication” since Trump took office and that cooperation was the “only correct choice”. “China is willing to work with the United States in adhering to the principles of non-confrontation, mutual respect and mutual benefit to promote cooperation, control disputes, and on a healthy and stable foundation, promote greater development in China-U.S. ties,” Lu said.  Trump and Xi have yet to speak directly since Trump took office on Jan. 20, although they did talk soon after Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November. Diplomatic sources in Beijing say China has been nervous about Xi being left humiliated in the event a call with Trump goes wrong and the details are leaked to the U.S. media. Last week, U.S. ties with staunch ally Australia became strained after the Washington Post published details about an acrimonious phone call between Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. [nL4N1FN0JR] “That is the last thing China wants,” a source familiar with China’s thinking on relations with the United States told Reuters. “It would be incredibly embarrassing for President Xi and for Chinese people, who value the concept of face.” A senior non-U.S. Western diplomat said China was unlikely to be in a rush to set up such a call. “These things need to happen in a very controlled environment for China, and China can’t guarantee that with the unpredictable Trump,” the diplomat said. “Trump also seems too distracted with other issues at the moment to give too much attention to China.” There are a number of contentious areas where China fears Trump could go off script, the diplomat said, pointing in particular to the issue of self-ruled Taiwan, as well as trade. Trump upset China in December by taking a phone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen. China considers Taiwan a wayward province with no right to formal diplomatic relations with any other country. Trump has also threatened to slap tariffs on Chinese imports, accusing Beijing of devaluing its yuan currency and stealing U.S. jobs. In his Senate confirmation hearing, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said China should not be allowed access to islands it has built in the disputed South China Sea. The White House also vowed to defend “international territories” in the strategic waterway. China has repeatedly said it has smooth contacts with the Trump team. The Foreign Ministry in Beijing said last week the two countries were remaining “in close touch”. That contact has been led by China’s top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, who outranks the foreign minister. Yang told Michael Flynn, Trump’s National Security Advisor, last week that China hopes it can work with the United States to manage and control disputes and sensitive problems. [nL4N1FO364] The source familiar with China’s thinking said Trump’s administration was “very clear” about China’s position on Taiwan. Trump has yet to mention Taiwan since he took office. Chinese state media has wondered whether Trump has a China policy at all. On Thursday, the widely read Global Times tabloid, published by the ruling Communist Party’s official People’s Daily, noted that Trump had not immediately confronted China as had been expected because he had realized upsetting Beijing would backfire badly. “He has probably realized that real tough action against China would result in a complex chain reaction, even beyond his control,” the paper said in an editorial. Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at Beijing’s elite Renmin University, said the letter suggested the new U.S. administration wanted to signal the importance it attached to the U.S.-China relationship without risking being confronted on specific issues. “Trump has sent many messages that makes the world confused, like on the South China Sea and ‘One China’ policy, so if he makes a phone call President Xi will ask ‘what do you mean?’,” Wang said. “He wants to avoid this so he just sends a letter for the first step.” ",1
5562,China says attaches great importance to ties after receiving Trump letter,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday it attached great importance to China-U.S. ties after confirming it had received a letter from U.S. President Donald Trump. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China commended Trump for sending Lunar New Year greetings to the Chinese people and said cooperation between the two countries was the only option. Trump sent a letter to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday saying he looked forward to developing a “constructive relationship”, a White House statement said.  ",1
5563,Trump's Supreme Court pick dispirited by president's tweets,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, on Wednesday described as “demoralizing” and “disheartening” the U.S. president’s Twitter attacks on a judge who suspended Trump’s travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries, a spokesman for Gorsuch said. Gorsuch’s comments came as a federal appeals court in San Francisco was expected to decide in coming days on the narrow question of whether U.S. District Judge James Robart acted properly in temporarily halting enforcement of Trump’s ban. A Republican strategist hired by the White House to help guide Gorsuch’s nomination through the U.S. Senate said that Gorsuch, himself an appeals court judge, used those words when he met with Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal. Trump, who took office on Jan. 20, took to Twitter over the weekend to condemn the Friday night order by Robart that placed on hold the president’s Jan. 27 temporary travel ban on people from the seven countries and all refugees.  Trump called Robart a “so-called judge” whose “ridiculous” opinion “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country.” Trump’s administration appealed Robart’s ruling to a three-judge federal appeals panel, which heard oral arguments  on Tuesday.  Presidents are usually hesitant to weigh in on judicial matters out of respect for the U.S. Constitution, which ensures a separation of powers among the president’s executive branch, Congress and the judiciary.  The Republican-led Senate on Wednesday confirmed immigration hardliner Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be the next attorney general despite strong Democratic opposition. Trump says his executive order aims to head off attacks by Islamist militants. The order, the most divisive act of Trump’s young presidency, sparked protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports. Critics said the ban unfairly targeted people for their religion. “I don’t ever want to call a court biased,” Trump told hundreds of police chiefs and sheriffs from major cities at a meeting in a Washington hotel on Wednesday. “So I won’t call it biased. And we haven’t had a decision yet. But courts seem to be so political.”  Trump nominated Gorsuch on Jan. 31 to succeed conservative Justice Antonin Scalia on the nine-member Supreme Court. Scalia died a year ago this month.  Blumenthal, a member of the Judiciary Committee that will hold a confirmation hearing on Gorsuch, said the nominee had a responsibility to reassure Americans that he would be an open-minded and independent jurist by going public with his concerns about Trump. The appeals court decision on whether to reinstate the ban, will be just a first step in a fast-moving case. The courts will ultimately have to address questions about the extent of the president’s power on matters of immigration and national security. Traditionally, judges have been extremely cautious about stepping on the executive branch’s authority in such matters, legal experts say, although some note that the implementation of Trump’s order presents unique issues. Trump’s order barred travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days, except those from civil war-torn Syria, who are subject to an indefinite ban. Also at issue is whether the order violates a provision of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits laws favoring one religion over another, along with relevant discrimination laws.  Trump, a Republican, has made extensive use of presidential directives that bypass Congress and has appeared to be taken aback by legal challenges to his travel order. He praised a federal judge in Boston who earlier ruled in his favor on the travel ban as a “highly respected” jurist whose findings were “perfect.”  Last year, Trump accused Indiana-born U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel of bias in overseeing a lawsuit against one of Trump’s businesses, Trump University, because of his Mexican heritage. Democrats and other critics have called Trump’s comments toward the judiciary an attack on a core principle of American democracy: that the courts are independent and uphold the rule of law.  At the meeting with law enforcement officials, Trump read from the law he cited to justify the travel ban, quoting it in fragments and sprinkling in bits of interpretation. He said the law clearly allowed a president to suspend entry of any class of people if he determined them to be a detriment to national security. The matter is likely to go to the U.S. Supreme Court, which is ideologically split with four liberal justices and four conservatives pending Senate action on Trump’s nomination of Gorsuch, a conservative jurist. U.S. State Department figures showed that 480 refugees had been admitted to the United States since Robart’s order went into effect, including 168 on Wednesday. Of those admitted, 198 were from war-torn Syria. ",1
5564,"Trump, aviation executives to discuss infrastructure Thursday: sources","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. aviation executives will discuss the industry’s aging airports and air traffic control reform when they meet with President Donald Trump on Thursday, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.  The White House meeting comes at a time of heightened tension within the industry after U.S. carriers raised concerns about ongoing trade agreements with foreign carriers. Trump has vowed to renegotiate or scrap trade deals he sees as unfair between the United States and other countries. A source told Reuters the airlines expect last month’s executive order barring travel from seven Muslim-majority countries may come up and if so, the carriers in attendance would stress the need for better coordination and planning ahead of announcing such an order instead of having it sprung on them, the source said. The session will include reforming the air traffic control system, Transportation Security Administration issues, user fees and regulatory burdens, a White House official told Reuters. The expected participants include the chief executives of Delta Air Lines Inc, JetBlue Airways Corp, United Continental Holdings Inc, Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc, Alaska Airlines and trade group Airlines for America, along with top officials from FedEx Corp and United Parcel Service Inc, the official said. Also expected to attend are airport directors from Los Angeles, Chicago, Tampa, Washington, Buffalo, Nashville and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. American Airlines Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker, who called Trump’s executive order on travel “divisive,” is unable to attend due to a scheduling conflict with a conference he is hosting, company spokesman Matt Miller said.  Other industry executives have spoken out against the temporary travel ban saying it could hurt the industry and their employees. During the 2016 election race Trump campaigned on improving U.S. infrastructure, talking about a $1 trillion infrastructure plan over a decade.  “Our airports are like from a third world country,” Trump said at a presidential debate in September. “You land at LaGuardia, you land at Kennedy, you land at LAX, you land at Newark, and you come in from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible — you come in from China, you see these incredible airports, and you land — we’ve become a third world country.” Heads of the three largest U.S. passenger carriers - American Airlines Group Inc, United and Delta - have sought to pressure the new administration into denouncing U.S. Open Skies agreements with the three major Middle Eastern carriers, which they accuse of having been unfairly subsidized by their governments.     The three airlines, Qatar, Etihad and Emirates, have denied these claims. The Trump administration has not yet addressed the U.S. carriers’ competition concerns. Whether the issue is discussed on Thursday will be decided when the executives meet with Trump, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said. “The president wants to talk about economic growth, job creation,” Spicer said at the daily White House press briefing on Wednesday. He did not say which executives would attend the meeting. Smaller U.S. carriers JetBlue, Atlas Air Wand Hawaiian Holdings Inc, as well as the air cargo unit of FedEx have formally banded together behind the Gulf carriers, against their larger competitors. Also a point of contention is an order signed under departing former President Barack Obama granting flying rights to Norwegian Air International, which U.S. airlines and unions have said will undermine wages and working standards. Spicer, during the Wednesday press briefing, said “there is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now,” citing Norwegian’s use of U.S. workers and Boeing Co jets. “I don’t want to get ahead of the president on that; but just to be clear we’re talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes, and the persons building them,” Spicer said. ",1
5565,Sessions' role as U.S. attorney general unsettles legalized pot industry,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - The prospect of Senator Jeff Sessions as U.S. attorney general has cast uncertainty over the country’s nascent legalized marijuana industry, souring deals and disrupting share prices since the longtime critic of the drug was nominated. The U.S. Senate on Wednesday confirmed President Donald Trump’s nomination of Sessions by a vote of 52-47 after strong opposition from Democrats.. The Republican senator from Alabama has opposed attempts to legalize marijuana and reduce drug sentences and once urged the death penalty for drug traffickers. Trump named Sessions as his choice to lead the Justice Department on Nov. 18, shaking the exuberance of an industry that last year reached $7 billion in legal sales and generated half a billion dollars in sales taxes. The choice of Sessions drove some businesses back underground and scared away investors, industry experts said.    Growers are seeking advice on how to protect themselves from a crackdown, while other cannabis companies are seeking ways to shield their records from investigators. “Everyone’s back into wait-and-see mode,” said Sasha Kadey, chief marketing officer for Greenlane, which distributes cannabis accessories such as vapor smoking devices. “Because one doesn’t want to paint a target on one’s back.” More than two dozen U.S. states have legalized some form of marijuana for medical or recreational use, but the drug remains illegal at the federal level.  The administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama mostly tolerated the state legalizations, focusing on big cases or transactions that involved other crimes, such as selling pot to children. Trump has said in the past he would defer to states on marijuana legalization, and has not addressed the issue since he was elected last November. But Sessions, asked about marijuana policy at a Senate confirmation hearing last month, said that if Congress no longer wanted to criminalize marijuana, it “should pass a law that changes the rules.”  “It’s not so much the attorney general’s job to decide what laws to enforce. We should do our job and enforce laws effectively as we are able,” Sessions said. Neither the administration nor Sessions responded to requests for comment. Massroots, which makes a mobile app that allows people to review and discuss cannabis strains, lost 14 percent of its share price in the three trading days after Sessions’ nomination, and it was promptly removed from the Google Play app store, said Chief Executive Isaac Dietrich.   The share price has since recovered and is up 24 percent since Nov. 18. At Greenlane, Kadey changed the company’s plans for a new line of premium, child-resistant packaging, deciding to market it without using the words marijuana or cannabis. “There was a sharp drop in the stocks post-election,” said analyst Tom Adams, editor-in-chief of Arcview Market Research. “There were deals lost and second thoughts had by many people.” An index of 33 publicly traded legal cannabis companies followed by Arcview dropped to a low of 284 points after the election from a high of 418 in October, analyst Michael Arrington said. The index has since regained much but not all of that value, hitting 379 on Jan. 6, the most recent date for which the company has data. An effort to ramp up prosecution of federal marijuana offenses would reinvigorate the black market in cannabis and limit the states’ ability to regulate both legal and illegal sales, said Andrew Freedman, who last month left a job as Colorado’s top marijuana regulator to become a consultant in the industry. Tighter enforcement could also threaten $140 million in taxes from marijuana sales that Colorado has used for education and other purposes, Freedman said. Since the election, volatile valuations have complicated potential deals for companies that are up for sale, said Steve Gormley, CEO of the cannabis private equity firm Seventh Point, LLC. Khurshid Khoja, a San Francisco Bay-area attorney who specializes in cannabis issues, said the climate was stalling deals as companies grow nervous about opening their books.”It’s that they just don’t know,” Khoja said ",1
5566,"Mexico, Central America to discuss migration under Trump: ambassador","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The foreign ministers of Mexico, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala will meet in Mexico next week to discuss immigration policy responses to Donald Trump’s U.S. presidency, the Honduran ambassador to Mexico said on Wednesday. Central American ministers want to open lines of communication with Mexico’s Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray to discuss problems with migration and the flow of Central Americans, Alden Rivera said in an interview.     “It’s a first point of contact ... we don’t expect to have an answer,” Rivera said.     The meeting between Videgaray and the three Central Americans will take place in Mexico City, Rivera said.  Mexico’s foreign ministry said that there was no meeting officially in the calendar yet. Rivera said his main concern was a change in U.S. immigration policy and how Mexico reacts to that, which would have an impact on Central America. Trump has vowed to deport millions of undocumented U.S. immigrants and build a wall along the Mexican border. “No country is ready for a mass deportation. It would be a big risk. We could fall into a humanitarian crisis,” he said. In November, Reuters reported that Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala had agreed to join forces to seek support from Mexico to forge a group response to Trump’s government.  ",1
5567,Canada foreign minister will oppose U.S. border tariffs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Canada opposes the idea of the United States imposing new border tariffs and would respond to any such move, the country’s foreign minister, Chrystia Freeland, said on Wednesday after her first meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Tillerson’s meeting with Freeland, and a separate meeting with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, at the State Department touched on the trilateral North American Free Trade Agreement, which President Donald Trump wants to renegotiate. Speaking to reporters afterwards, Freeland said she made clear in the meeting with Tillerson that Canada would oppose the idea of border tariffs on Canadian goods in upcoming NAFTA talks. “If such an idea were ever to come into being, Canada would respond appropriately,” she told reporters on a conference call, stressing that Ottawa did not yet know what the U.S. opening position would be. Both Canada and Mexico send the bulk of their exports to the United States and could be crippled by major changes to NAFTA, which Trump has called “a disaster.” Mexico’s Foreign Ministry said that Videgaray discussed migration and security issues in his meetings with Tillerson and U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. Both Tillerson and Videgaray said they would keep working on solutions to their public “differences,” it added. Videgaray also told Kelly that the human rights of Mexicans in the United States was important, the statement said. After their hour-long meeting, Videgaray told reporters that Tillerson had said he would visit Mexico in the coming weeks, according to a Mexican Foreign Ministry official. The State Department did not provide a readout of either of the meetings, which occurred in Tillerson’s first full week in his new post.   Trump made free trade deals a major target during his campaign for the presidency. He says NAFTA, formally signed in 1994, has harmed American workers. The pact was aimed at removing tariff barriers between Canada, Mexico and the United States. Canada is trying to persuade the new administration and senior politicians that its especially close ties with the United States mean the country should be spared protectionist measures. “In making the case for how balanced and mutually beneficial our economic relationship was, I really felt I was pushing on an open door with everyone I spoke to,” Freeland said. ",1
5568,The Trump presidency on Feb. 8 at 8:10 P.M. EST,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Wednesday: The U.S. Senate votes to confirm Republican Senator Jeff Sessions as the next attorney general of the United States. Hillary Clinton and other Democrats flock to support U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren for criticizing Trump’s nominee for attorney general after being silenced by Republicans on the Senate floor. The White House says the directors of national intelligence and the Central Intelligence Agency will both be members of Trump’s Cabinet.  Trump fumes over what he calls too much politics in the U.S. judiciary, while a federal appeals court keeps him and the rest of the country waiting for its ruling on a suspension of his temporary travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. Trump’s nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, describes the president’s Twitter attacks on the judiciary as “demoralizing” and “disheartening,” a spokesman for Gorsuch says. Trump blasts department store chain Nordstrom Inc (JWN.N) for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing line, prompting critics to accuse him of misusing public office to benefit his family’s sprawling business empire. Intel Corp (INTC.O) chooses the Oval Office to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory, a move it says would create 3,000 new jobs when the plant is up and running. U.S. aviation executives will discuss the industry’s aging airports and air traffic control reform when they meet with Trump on Thursday, sources familiar with the matter say. Trump and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan agree in an overnight phone call to act jointly against Islamic State in the Syrian towns of al-Bab and Raqqa, Turkish sources say. The Trump administration is considering a proposal that could lead to potentially designating Iran’s powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps a terrorist organization, U.S. officials familiar with the matter say. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meets his Canadian counterpart for the first time for talks that touch on the trilateral NAFTA trade agreement, which Trump wants to renegotiate. Senior U.S. senators call for the right to review any move the White House might make to ease sanctions on Russia, amid mounting concern in Congress - and among U.S. allies - that Trump will be too conciliatory toward Moscow. Friendly phone calls, an invitation to the White House, a focus on Islamist militancy and what Trump calls “chemistry” set the tone for warmer U.S.-Egyptian ties that could herald more military and political support for Cairo. ",1
5569,U.S. high court nominee calls Trump's attacks on judiciary 'demoralizing',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, on Wednesday described the president’s Twitter attacks on the judiciary as “disheartening and demoralizing,” Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said. Gorsuch spokesman Ron Bonjean, a Republican strategist hired by the White House to help guide the judge’s nomination through the U.S. Senate, confirmed that Gorsuch used those words when he met Blumenthal. Trump took to Twitter over the weekend to condemn the Friday order by Judge James Robart that placed on hold the president’s Jan. 27 temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries and on all refugees.  The administration appealed that ruling to a three-judge federal appeals panel, which is due to decide the issue this week. [nL5N1FP0A9] Trump, who took office on Jan. 20, referred to Robart as a “so-called judge” and said his “ridiculous” opinion “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country.” In an interview with CNN, Blumenthal said he told Gorsuch that he found Trump’s attacks on the judiciary unacceptable and asked the judge to condemn them. “After some back and forth, he did say that he found them to be disheartening and demoralizing,” said Blumenthal, who is a member of the Judiciary Committee, which will hold a confirmation hearing on Gorsuch’s nomination. He said Gorsuch was “non-committal” about publicly criticizing the attacks, “and that’s one reason why I remain deeply concerned about this nomination.” U.S. presidents are usually hesitant to weigh in on judicial matters out of respect for a U.S. Constitution clause ensuring a separation of powers between the executive branch, Congress and the judiciary.  Trump nominated Gorsuch on Jan. 31 to succeed Justice Antonin Scalia on the nine-member court. Scalia died a year ago this month. “As the nominee of a President who has viciously attacked the independence of the judiciary and declared multiple litmus tests for justices, Judge Gorsuch has a special responsibility to reassure the American people that he will be an open-minded and independent jurist,” Blumenthal said in a statement earlier.  “If he wants the American people to believe that he is truly independent, Judge Gorsuch must tell them in no uncertain terms that President Trump’s attacks are not just disappointing – they are abhorrent and destructive to our Constitutional system – and he must condemn them publicly,” Blumenthal said. ",1
5570,White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is planning to issue a directive targeting a controversial Dodd-Frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain “conflict minerals” from a war-torn part of Africa, according to sources familiar with the administration’s thinking. Reuters could not learn precisely when the directive would be issued or what the final version would say. However, a leaked draft that has been floating around Washington and was seen by Reuters on Wednesday calls for the rule to be temporarily suspended for two years.  Reuters could not independently verify the authenticity of the document. The sources spoke on Tuesday on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the record about the plan. The 2010 Dodd-Frank law explicitly gives the president authority to order the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to temporarily suspend or revise the rule for two years if it is in the national security interest of the United States. The conflict minerals rule was endorsed by human rights groups that want companies to tell investors if their products contain tantalum, tin, gold or tungsten mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo in the hope that such disclosures would curb funding to armed groups.    Business groups opposed to the measure have contended that it forces companies to furnish politically charged information that is irrelevant to making investment decisions and that it costs too much for companies to trace the source of minerals through the supply chain. In the leaked draft memo seen by Reuters, the Secretary of State and Secretary of the Treasury were asked to propose a plan for addressing human rights violations and the funding of armed groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo and report back within 180 days. The memo also lays out a justification for suspending the rule, saying that while it has helped discourage some American companies from purchasing materials in the region, it has also led to “some job loss.”  It also cited 2014 SEC estimates about the costs imposed on companies, which entailed upfront costs of $3 billion to $4 billion, and $200 million per year thereafter. Carly Oboth, a policy adviser at human rights group Global Witness, said in a statement on Wednesday that she was deeply concerned about Trump’s planned executive action. “This law helps stop U.S. companies funding conflict and human rights abuses in the Democratic Republic of Congo and surrounding countries,” she said. “Suspending it will benefit secretive and corrupt business practices. Responsible business practices are starting to spread in eastern Congo. This action could reverse that progress.” A White House executive order last week took aim more broadly at the Dodd-Frank rules that were put into place after the 2007-2009 financial crisis. That order did not single out a  particular rule, but called on the Treasury Secretary to consult with other regulators, including the SEC, and come back with a report outlining possible regulatory changes and legislation.  The conflict minerals rule is one of several disclosure regulations in Dodd-Frank that are unrelated to the financial crisis. Another Dodd-Frank SEC disclosure rule that required oil, gas and mining companies to disclose payments to foreign governments was repealed by the Republican-controlled Congress last week. In 2014, a U.S. appeals court struck down part of the conflict minerals law after the Business Roundtable, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers sued the SEC over it. The court found part of it violated free speech rights of companies by forcing them to publicly state that their products were not conflict free. The rest of the rule was left intact and companies are  required to conduct due diligence and report the details of those inquiries in public reports filed with the SEC. The SEC cannot repeal the rule without a law passed by Congress. It can, however, use its broad exemptive powers to scale back some of the requirements or stop enforcing the rule entirely. Last week, acting SEC Chair Michael Piwowar took steps toward doing that by announcing that he had asked SEC staff to reconsider how companies should comply with it and whether “additional relief” was warranted. House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling, meanwhile, is planning to reintroduce his Financial CHOICE Act bill, which contains a provision to repeal the conflict minerals rule. ",1
5571,Hollywood moves from words to action in Trump era,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Hollywood is gearing up for a concerted response to the policies of U.S. President Donald Trump, planning a pre-Oscar rally and  a political action group as the show business world moves beyond angry speeches. Talent agency WME-IMG, which represents actors, musicians, writers and sports figures, said it was forming a national political action committee (PAC). In a memo to employees on Tuesday, WME-IMG, one of the biggest talent agencies in Hollywood, said it also planned to develop “actionable public policy solutions,” connect clients with politicians from both political parties, and support donations of time and money by employees. The memo, seen by Reuters, does not mention Trump and avoids taking a direct political stance. But it adds “this company’s greatest asset is the diversity of our backgrounds and beliefs. Please know that we will do everything in our power to support and protect this diversity now and in the months and years ahead.” United Talent Agency (UTA) on Wednesday canceled its annual Oscars party and said it will instead hold a rally in Beverly Hills two days before the Feb. 26 Oscar ceremony to protest “anti-immigrant sentiment” in the United States. “If our nation ceases to be the place where artists the world over can come to express themselves freely, then we cease, in my opinion, to be America,” UTA chief executive Jeremy Zimmer said in a statement. UTA said it will also donate $250,000 to the American Civil Liberties Union and the International Rescue Committee. The twin moves follow widespread opposition by celebrities to Trump during the 2016 election campaign, and fiery speeches at recent awards shows and rallies condemning Trump’s travel restrictions on  seven predominantly Muslim nations. On Monday, Cheryl Boone Isaacs, president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, said that barriers to artistic freedom have “made Academy artists activists.” Trump’s attempts to temporarily ban travel have hit Hollywood hard ahead of the movie industry’s most prestigious night. Oscar-nominated Iranian director Asghar Farhadi and actress Taraneh Alidoosti have said they will boycott the Academy Awards to protest Trump’s actions. Syrian civilian rescue workers featured in the Oscar-nominated documentary “The White Helmets,” will be unable to attend, producers said this week. UTA represents Farhadi. The agency said the Tehran-based director said he felt “honored and in tears” when he heard about the announcement. ",1
5572,Sessions confirmed as U.S. attorney general after battle with Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bitterly divided U.S. Senate confirmed Republican Senator Jeff Sessions on Wednesday as the next attorney general of the United States after strong pushback from Democrats concerned about his record on civil rights.  Sessions, 70, who has served two decades in the Senate from Alabama, was confirmed by a 52-47 vote largely along party lines after Democrats raised public opposition to his confirmation.  In a rare move for a senator recently confirmed to a Cabinet position, Sessions took to the floor of the chamber after the vote and called for members of Congress to have some “latitude” in their relationships with members of the other party.     “I want to thank those who after it all found sufficient confidence to confirm me as the next attorney general,” Sessions said.  “Denigrating people who disagree with us, I think, is not a healthy trend for our body,” he said, referring to the Senate. On Tuesday, Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, a darling of the political left, was silenced in the Senate for reading a 1986 letter from Coretta Scott King, the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., that criticized Sessions for his civil rights record. Democrats, civil rights and immigration groups have voiced alarm about Sessions’ record of controversial positions on race, immigration and criminal justice reform.  With Sessions as attorney general, eight of President Donald Trump’s 22 Cabinet nominees have been confirmed. The Republican-led Senate also voted on Wednesday to advance Representative Tom Price’s nomination to head the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The Senate is likely to vote to confirm Price on Friday. Sessions, a known immigration hardliner, will take the lead of the Justice Department as its lawyers are defending Trump’s temporary entry ban on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries and all refugees, the most controversial executive order of the young administration.  The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is due to rule this week on whether to overrule a district court judge in Seattle who suspended the ban last week.  Civil rights groups worry that the Justice Department’s civil rights division will not be aggressive in prosecuting abuses under Sessions. They cite his failure to win Senate confirmation to become a federal judge in 1986 because of allegations he made racist remarks, including testimony that he had called an African-American prosecutor “boy,” an allegation Sessions denied. Sessions said at his hearing in 1986 that groups such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union could be considered “un-American.” He also acknowledged he had called the Voting Rights Act of 1965 a “piece of intrusive legislation.”  The left-leaning Center for American Progress think tank  questioned whether Sessions would be an independent legal voice to challenge Trump’s agenda.  “Trump has shown little respect for the courts or the constitutional limits on his power, and there is no reason to think that Attorney General Sessions will act as an independent check on the president,” said Michele Jawando, vice president for legal progress at the think tank. Sessions has pushed to curb immigration into the United States, including by those who enter legally on work permits.  He has also voted against many measures to reduce sentences for prisoners. The Republican National Committee pushed back against what it called “obstructing” by Democrats.    “That Democrats would try to skew Sessions’ strong civil rights record and consistent adherence to rule of law in a partisan effort to block their colleague’s nomination shows their only commitment is to blindly obstructing this administration,” Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said on Sessions’ confirmation.  ",1
5573,Republican elders urge Trump's White House to adopt carbon tax,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of elder Republican statesmen, including three former Cabinet members, said they will meet with White House officials on Wednesday to propose a $40 per ton tax on carbon emissions to fend off global climate change. The proposal echoes past attempts by parts of the Republican Party to address climate change but could be a non-starter. Republican President Donald Trump has cast doubt on the existence of climate change and vowed during his campaign for the presidency to pull the United States out of a global pact to fight it. “Mounting evidence of climate change is growing too strong to ignore,” the group said in an opinion piece published by the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal late on Tuesday. “Now that the Republican Party controls the White House, both chambers of Congress and a majority of state legislatures, it has the opportunity and responsibility to promote a climate plan that showcases the full power of enduring conservative convictions,” they said. An overwhelming majority of scientists believe that burning fossil fuels is driving global climate change, triggering sea level rise and more frequent powerful storms. The carbon tax proposal was co-authored by James Baker, secretary of state during the administration of George H. W. Bush; Henry Paulson, Treasury secretary under George W. Bush; George Shultz, secretary of state under Ronald Reagan; and several others.  The group said in a press release they would meet with “senior White House officials in two separate meetings” on Wednesday to present their proposal. Their plan calls for a $40 per ton carbon tax that rises over time, in which all of the revenues are returned to Americans in the form of quarterly dividends administered by the Social Security Administration. The plan would also call for “significant regulatory rollback” of former Democratic President Barack Obama’s climate initiatives, including the repeal of his Clean Power Plan aimed at curbing carbon output from states. A White House official did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The full plan is at www.clcouncil.org/ ",1
5574,Court hearing on Trump travel ban draws more than 2.6 million listeners,"(Reuters) - More than 2.6 million people tuned into cable TV or went online to hear dramatic audio-only coverage of a federal appeals court hearing on U.S. President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries and refugees. For more than an hour, people around the United States listened to arguments from attorneys for the U.S. government and Washington state, which sued to challenge Trump’s executive order imposing the ban. For those using their TVs to hear the coverage, there were also simple graphics and photos. Others listened to streaming online audio. The three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco pressed the government’s attorney on the lawfulness of Trump’s Jan. 27 order, which triggered chaos and protests at U.S. airports and oversea. The order barred travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the country for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days. It banned refugees from Syria indefinitely.  The Republican president, who took office on Jan. 20, has defended the measure as necessary to protect Americans. Critics said it discriminated against Muslims and violated the U.S. Constitution. Last Friday, a federal judge in Seattle suspended the executive order. Many travelers who had been waylaid by the ban quickly moved to travel to the United States while it was in limbo.  The government appealed the decision, and the San Francisco judges heard arguments in the case on Tuesday night.  All three major U.S. cable news networks aired either parts of or the entire hearing, which ran from 6 p.m. to 7:15 p.m. EST. Only the audio was available because the hearing was conducted via conference call.  More than 2.5 million people combined tuned in on CNN or MSNBC, while another 3 million listened to segments of the hearing on Fox News, according to Nielsen data provided by Fox News. As many as 137,000 people listened to the court’s live feed of the session, said David Madden, assistant circuit executive for the 9th Circuit.  The lack of visuals did not scare away those interested - and even led some to liken the experience to huddling around a radio in the pre-TV era. “@CNN this is television gold. Reminds me of when I was grounded and had to listen to the radio. #WAvTrump #9thCircuit,” Jon Eekhoff (@joneekhoff) said on Twitter. Madden was surprised by the amount of interest in the hearing, “but I think the court was prepared for it,” he said by email.  As lawyers grappled with questions from the judges, law experts and academics, including Harvard Law School Professor Laurence Tribe, provided the kind of play-by-play commentary generally reserved for major sporting events.  The ability of the public to listen to the hearings was particularly important given Trump’s questioning of the judges as “so political” and the hearing as “disgraceful,” Tribe said. “It was a moment for an important kind of civic education and public engagement in the process of government,” Tribe said. ",1
5575,"Driven from Iraq by Islamic State, family struggles to make it to U.S.","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Amira al-Qassab and her family flitted from one Iraqi city to another fleeing Islamic State, then waited three years in Beirut until they were cleared to move to the United States.  But their plans to fly out last week were derailed after U.S. President Donald Trump froze refugee arrivals.  “We were so surprised and unsettled. It was chaos,” Amira, 45, said. “I didn’t even unpack our clothes.”  Amira had taken her two youngest children out of school, the others had quit their jobs, and their suitcases had remained packed for weeks before a U.S. judge temporarily suspended the travel ban.  As the family left for Michigan on Wednesday lugging 10  suitcases, they hoped to end a long road — still fraught with fear — to resettling as refugees in the United States. “Everything’s been ready, we had just been waiting for a phone call. They told us to go to the airport at midnight,” Amira said.  A federal judge last week blocked Trump’s order temporarily barring refugees and nationals from seven mainly Muslim countries, including Iraq and Syria. The ruling opened a brief window for travelers who had been waylaid to rush to the United States while the legal limbo continues.      “We’re quite afraid President Trump will halt travels again,” Amira said as she prepared to board a flight with four of her children, aged 7 to 22.             The Trump administration has said the ban would help prevent terrorism but opponents assailed it as unconstitutional.  A U.S. federal appeals court heard arguments on Tuesday over whether to restore Trump’s order. The case may ultimately reach the U.S. Supreme Court.  The ban led to protests across U.S. cities and chaos at airports overseas after visa holders were kept from boarding flights, detained at American airports or denied entry. “We were really happy we would travel” but it was bittersweet, said Amira, whose husband Nizar was denied resettlement to the United States twice. This marked the first time they have been apart since they married nearly 30 years ago and they did not know when or where they would meet again.  “I don’t know what my fate will be,” said Nizar, 52, whose two brothers resettled in Michigan about four years ago.  In Beirut, the family lived in a small, dingy apartment in a suburb. Nizar was not able to find a job, he said. Their son, 22, worked at a factory to make rent while their daughter, 18, worked to cover food and living expenses. “We had waited a long time, and our situation here is really bad,” he said. “My children don’t have a future here. So I was forced to let them go.” Last year, the United States set a quota to take in 2,500 refugees of all nationalities living in Lebanon, UNHCR spokeswoman Dana Sleiman said.  Trump’s order also sought to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, a move he said separately was aimed at helping Christians fleeing the war in Syria. The Qassab family, Iraqi Christians from Mosul, first left their home when unidentified men tried to kidnap Amira at the school where she worked as a janitor.  “Daesh came and kicked us out, so we fled further to the north,” said Nizar, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. They trekked through Iraq, staying in Erbil and Dohuk, and ended up in Beirut in 2014.  “I feared for my wife and children. We sold everything we had and came here,” he said.  The family had barely gotten some respite from the instability of the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq before the threat of Islamic State militants emerged, Nizar said.  They no longer cared where they ended up, his wife added, they just wanted to find some peace.  “My children are drained. They worked just to pay the rent. We barely made a living,” Nizar added.  “I can’t go to America anymore. I don’t know why...I’m parting with my family,” said Nizar , bursting into tears. “How am I going to live alone?” The Qassabs’ eldest son Rami, 26, had already resettled to Michigan two months earlier to find them all an apartment.  “He told us America is beautiful,” Amira said. “But it takes some time to settle in.” ",1
5576,Top Senate Democrat says has 'serious concerns' about court nominee Gorsuch,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate’s top Democrat on Tuesday accused President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court pick of avoiding answering questions “like the plague” and dodging efforts to gauge his judicial independence during a meeting that deepened his concerns about the nominee. Neil Gorsuch, the federal appeals court judge from Colorado who the Republican president nominated last week to a lifetime job on the high court, met privately with Senator Chuck Schumer of New York as he continues to try to build support for his confirmation by the Senate. “I thought there was a deliberate strategy to duck the hard questions. And he has an obligation to answer them, not simply to the Senate but to the American people,” Schumer told reporters afterward, referring to Gorsuch. Schumer said Gorsuch declined to answer questions such as whether a ban on Muslim immigration would be constitutional or comment on what is known as the Emoluments Clause in the U.S. Constitution that bars officeholders from accepting money from foreign powers. Supreme Court nominees routinely avoid weighing in on pending legal disputes they could end up casting a vote on if confirmed to the job. But Schumer said he was seeking Gorsuch’s views on broader principles, rather than specific cases, that he believed a nominee should be able to answer. “The judge today avoided answers like the plague,” Schumer told reporters. Schumer said Trump is testing the fundamental underpinnings of U.S. democracy and its institutions. “These times deserve answers, and Judge Gorsuch did not provide them. I have serious concerns about this nominee,” said Schumer, who added that he had not yet made up his mind on whether or not to support Gorsuch. The shorthanded Supreme Court currently has four liberals and four conservatives, meaning Gorsuch’s confirmation would reinstate a conservative majority.  Trump’s fellow Republicans control the Senate 52-48 but Schumer insisted that Gorsuch would need to win 60 votes, rather than a simple majority, to move toward confirmation. Democrats can seek to use a procedural maneuver to block a confirmation vote if Gorsuch’s supporters cannot muster 60 votes, although Republicans could change the Senate rules. Schumer’s questions to Gorsuch followed Trump’s directive to temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries and any refugees from entering the United States. The ban, which Trump said was needed to protect the United States from Islamist militants, was suspended by a federal judge, pending an appeal by the Trump administration. His questions about the Emoluments Clause come in light of a lawsuit filed by ethics lawyers accusing Trump of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, which is prohibited under that constitutional provision. Democrats argued that it is more important than ever for a Supreme Court nominee to demonstrate judicial independence, citing Trump’s harsh criticism of federal judges who have issued rulings against him. But Republicans belittled Democratic efforts to discredit Gorsuch. “If they keep working to paint Judge Gorsuch as a mouth-breathing bald eagle hunter, they’ll embarrass themselves,” said Republican Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska, who also met with Gorsuch on Tuesday.  Republican Senator Mike Lee of Utah told Reuters the Democratic questioning of the nominee’s potential independence “flies in the face of everything I know about Judge Gorsuch.” Lee described Gorsuch is “fair, decent, impartial.” ",1
5577,Legal battle over travel ban pits Trump's powers against his own words," NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court is weighing arguments for and against President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, but its decision this week may not yet answer the underlying legal questions being raised in the fast-moving case.  The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco is expected to rule only on the narrow question of whether a lower court’s emergency halt to an executive order by Trump was justified. Trump signed the order on Jan. 27 barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries for 90 days and halted all refugee entries for four months.  The appeals court has several options. It could kick the case back to lower court judge James Robart in Seattle, saying it is premature for them to make a ruling before he has had a chance to consider all the evidence. Robart stopped Trump’s order just a week after he issued it and before all the arguments had been developed on both sides.  Or the panel of three appellate judges could side with the government and find halting the order was harmful to national security, reinstating it while the case continues.  Their decision is “one step in what will be a long, historic case,” Stephen Yale-Loehr, a professor at Cornell University Law School who specializes in immigration. Ultimately, the case is likely to end up in the U.S. Supreme Court, legal experts said.  The case is the first serious test of executive authority since Trump became president on Jan. 20, and legal experts said there were three main issues at play for the judiciary.  The broad questions in the case are whether the states have the right to challenge federal immigration laws, how much power the court has to question the president’s national security decisions, and if the order discriminates against Muslims.  Washington state filed the original lawsuit, claiming it was hurt by the ban when students and faculty from state-run universities and corporate employees were stranded overseas.  Trump administration lawyer August Flentje argued at an appeals court hearing on Tuesday that the states lack “standing” to sue the federal government over immigration law, but his arguments were questioned by the judges.  If the court decides the states are allowed to bring the case, the next major question is about the limits of the president’s power.  “Historically courts have been exceedingly deferential to governmental actions in the immigration area,” said Jonathan Adler, a Case Western Reserve University School of Law professor. Though, he added, “the way they carried it out understandably makes some people, and perhaps some courts, uneasy with applying the traditional rules.”  Trump issued the order late on a Friday and caused chaos at airports as officials struggled to quickly change procedures.  At Tuesday’s hearing, Judge Richard Clifton, an appointee of Republican president George W. Bush and Judge William Canby, an appointee of Democratic president Jimmy Carter, pushed the government to explain what would happen if Trump simply decided to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. “Would anybody be able to challenge that?” Canby asked.  Flentje emphasized that the order did not ban Muslims. He said the president made a determination about immigration policy based on a legitimate assessment of risk.  The government has said its order is grounded in a law passed by congress that allows the president to suspend the entry of “any class of aliens” that he deems “would be detrimental to the interests of the United States.”  When asked by the third judge - Michelle Friedland, appointed by Democrat Barack Obama - if that meant the president’s decisions are “unreviewable” Flentje, after a pause, answered “yes.” When pressed, Flentje acknowledged, however, that constitutional concerns had been raised about the order.  One of the main concerns is allegations by the states, civil rights groups, some lawmakers and citizens that the order discriminates in violation of the constitution’s First Amendment, which prohibits favoring one religion over another.  The judges will have to decide whether to look exclusively at the actual text of the president’s order, which does not mention any particular religion, or consider outside comments by Trump and his team to discern their intent.  Washington state’s attorney Noah Purcell told the hearing that even though the lawsuit is at an early stage, the amount of evidence that Trump intended to discriminate against Muslims is “remarkable.” It cited Trump’s campaign promises of a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.”  In a tweet on Monday night, Trump said “the threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real” urging the courts to act quickly.  Government lawyer Flentje countered Purcell by saying there was danger in second guessing Trump’s decision-making about U.S. security “based on some newspaper articles.”  Clifton asked about statements on Fox News by Trump adviser Rudolph Giuliani, former New York mayor and former prosecutor, that Trump had asked him to figure out how to make a Muslim ban legal.  “Do you deny that in fact the statements attributed to then candidate Trump and to his political advisers and most recently Mr. Giuliani?” Clifton asked. “Either those types of statements were made or not,” said Clifton. “If they were made it is potential evidence.”  ",1
5578,U.S. states see favorable conditions for gas tax hikes,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. states where gasoline taxes have not risen in decades are now discussing an increase and conditions might be ripe for the proposed hikes to win approval in state legislatures, tax experts said this week.  Low gas prices, a desperate need for revenue to fix crumbling roads, and a post-election period that gives politicians the space to tackle controversial issues have breathed life into efforts to raise the taxes, said Carl Davis, research director at the non-partisan Washington D.C.-based Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy.  In all, 21 state legislatures will consider bills aimed at increasing gas taxes this year, Davis said. “Some states that have gone 10 or 20 or almost 30 years without a gas tax rate increase, and they’ve seen the purchasing power of their taxes decimated by inflation. Those rates need to be updated,” he said. “There are states that have a lot of catching up to do.”   Chief among those are five politically conservative, traditionally tax-averse states that have not raised their fuel tax rates since the 1980s or earlier. Alaska, Oklahoma, Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee – all of which voted for U.S. President Donald Trump in November – are debating gas tax increases in their state legislatures right now.  “As funds and their purchasing power have been depleted over the last few decades, states are coming to realize they have to raise revenues to maintain the transportation assets they have,” Kevin Pula, a policy specialist at the National Conference of State Legislatures, told Reuters. Alaska has not increased its fuels tax in almost 47 years and has the lowest rate in the nation. But faced with a budget shortfall, Governor Bill Walker, an independent, has proposed tripling fuel tax rates this session.  In Oklahoma, low oil and gas prices have created an estimated $870 million shortfall in the 2018 fiscal year. Republican Governor Mary Fallin in a speech on Monday proposed increasing the gasoline and diesel excise taxes by 7 cents and 10 cents, respectively, to 24 cents per gallon each.  “This increase keeps Oklahoma’s motor fuel tax rates well below the national average of over 29 cents per gallon,” Fallin said.  Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee all have gas tax measures in their state legislatures.  Momentum for gasoline tax increases began in 2012. Since then, 19 states have raised their gas taxes including liberal-leaning blue states Massachusetts, Maryland, Vermont and New Jersey. Deep red Wyoming raised its gas tax in 2013, as did fellow conservative states Idaho and Nebraska in 2015.  Even if the states do not pass their gas tax increases this year, they could still eventually become law.  “It’s very unusual at the state level to see a measure proposed and then immediately enacted,” said Joung Lee, an associate director at the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. “It usually takes several bites at the apple,” he said. ",1
5579,U.S. Senate panel receives ethics filings for Labor nominee Puzder,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate panel tasked with vetting labor secretary nominee and fast-food executive Andrew Puzder will hold his confirmation hearing on Feb.16, now that his ethics paperwork has been submitted to Congress, a committee spokesman said Wednesday. Puzder’s certification from the Office of Government Ethics arrived at the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions exactly two months after Puzder was nominated to the job by President Donald Trump. A spokesman for Puzder, George Thompson, said he expects that Puzder will turn in a separate questionnaire to the committee by Thursday morning. Puzder is the chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc, which owns primarily franchised restaurants including Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s. Tentative plans for Puzder’s hearing have been repeatedly postponed amid delays with a review by the Office of Government Ethics. Those stem from the complexities surrounding how Puzder will divest himself from CKE Restaurants, which is owned by private equity firm Roark Capital Group. Other companies in Roark Capital’s portfolio include Corner Bakery, Cinnabon, Arby’s, Carvel and Auntie Anne’s. Senate Democrats have been highly critical of Puzder, a staunch critic of an overtime rule championed by the former Obama administration. His nomination has sparked protests around the country by some CKE fast-food workers and the union-backed “Fight for $15” movement to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Workers from a number of CKE’s franchised locations have also complained of wage and hour concerns and other labor conditions in recent weeks. In a letter to Puzder sent on Wednesday before the ethics paperwork was sent to the Senate, the committee’s ranking Democrat, Patty Murray, said she wanted to receive a “detailed account” of his plans for recusals, divestments and resignations in order to avoid potential conflicts of interest stemming from his business relationship with Roark Capital Group. “The franchise model’s pervasive presence in the fast food industry, the frequency of serious labor violations connected with franchising and your past or present financial interest in Roark raise questions regarding your ability to faithfully carry out the Department of Labor’s mandate,” Murray wrote. ",1
5580,North Carolina governor gets initial win in fight over cabinet,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - A three-judge panel has sided at least temporarily with North Carolina Democratic Governor Roy Cooper in his fight against a Republican-backed attempt to curtail his powers by requiring legislative confirmation of cabinet appointments. The law was among a series of measures approved by lawmakers in December limiting Cooper’s executive authority after he defeated incumbent Republican Governor Pat McCrory. Cooper sued to block it, arguing that requiring Senate consent to his cabinet secretaries was unprecedented and unconstitutional. In an order Tuesday evening, the trio of state judges said the governor was likely to succeed in his challenge. “The court is absolutely correct in their decision and should not be intimidated by threats from legislative leaders,” Cooper said in a statement on Wednesday. Eight of the 10 cabinet secretaries for the state have been appointed and sworn in. The temporary restraining order halted a hearing set for Wednesday to review Cooper’s appointee for secretary of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs.  Republican lawmakers vowed they would eventually meet to review the cabinet members’ qualifications and potential conflicts of interests. Republicans have said such confirmation hearings were lawful and would serve as a check on executive power.  Senate leader Phil Berger and House Speaker Tim Moore, both Republicans, said the judges were legislating from the bench and called on them to reverse their order. “In a gross misreading of the Constitution and a blatant overstep of their Constitutional authority, three Superior Court judges attempted to dictate to the legislature when it could or could not hold committee meetings and what it could or could not consider in those meetings,” the lawmakers said in a joint statement. “If these three men want to make laws, they should hang up their robes and run for a legislative seat.” The judges said they would hear the governor’s motion for a preliminary injunction on Friday. A trial on the issue is scheduled for March 7. ",1
5581,White House defends move to curb regulations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House defended the president’s executive order to U.S. agencies to rescind two government regulations for every new rule introduced, after several advocacy groups filed a lawsuit on Wednesday challenging the Trump administration over the move. The National Resources Defense Council, Communications Workers of America, and Public Citizen said in their lawsuit that the Jan. 30 order would harm the public. They said it would “block or force the repeal of regulations needed to protect health, safety, and the environment, across a broad range of topics - from automobile safety, to occupational health, to air pollution, to endangered species.” The White House defended the order, saying that it was part of the administration’s efforts to help companies create jobs and that the groups are making assumptions about the order’s impact.  “The lawsuit presumes a lot of outcomes that are wildly inaccurate,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters at a daily press briefing. He added that over-regulation has hurt economic growth and that reviewing regulations should be welcomed. The order does not apply to most of the financial reform rules introduced by the Obama administration or to rules mandated by statutes.     Republican President Donald Trump’s order is a part of his party’s larger effort to undo many of the actions of former President Barack Obama, a Democrat who left office last month after two four-year terms.  In Congress, conservative lawmakers have already moved to stamp out five Obama-era rules on corruption, the environment, labor and guns. Companies have lauded the effort to deregulate, saying it will help boost their businesses and the larger U.S. economy. On Wednesday, Tokyo-based SoftBank Group Corp, whose chief executive has backed Trump’s efforts, said easing rules will make it easier to do business in the United States. In addition to Trump, Wednesday’s lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia named federal departments and agencies, particularly those with jurisdiction over environmental, transportation and energy issues.    The groups argued that Trump overstepped his constitutional power and that the order “directs federal agencies to engage in unlawful actions that will harm countless Americans, including plaintiffs’ members.” ",1
5582,Robert F. Kennedy's son announces run for Illinois governor,"(Reuters) - Businessman Chris Kennedy, a member of the Kennedy family political dynasty, on Wednesday officially announced his campaign for governor of Illinois in the November, 2018 election. After months of speculation, the Democratic candidate  formally filed paperwork with the Illinois State Board of Elections, said his spokesman, Mark Bergman.  Kennedy, son of Senator Robert F. Kennedy and nephew of President John F. Kennedy, said he will run against Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and will work to create more jobs and restore the economy. “Today, I am announcing my run for Governor because I love Illinois, but we have never been in worse shape,” Kennedy said in an emailed statement. “We don’t need incremental improvement - we need fundamental change in state government.”  Since taking office in 2015, Rauner has feuded with the Democratic-led state legislature, leaving the nation’s fifth most-populated state without a full-year operating budget. No other state has gone 19 months, as Illinois has, without passing a budget. Bergman said Kennedy had previously considered a U.S. Senate run in 2009 but concluded it was not the right time.  Illinois Republican Party spokesman Steven Yaffe said in a statement that Kennedy secretly met with the state’s House of Representatives Speaker Mike Madigan to “kiss his ring.”  Rauner has said Madigan’s law firm poses a conflict of interest for the speaker.  Kennedy, 53, a Chicago resident, is a former chairman of the University of Illinois Board of Trustees. He leads Top Box Foods, a nonprofit organization he co-founded with his wife that provides affordable, healthy foods to Chicago neighborhoods. He also managed the Merchandise Mart, a landmark Chicago exhibition hall, and currently oversees Wolf Point, a real estate development project in the city’s downtown.  Kennedy’s father, Robert F. Kennedy, was assassinated in 1968 while serving as a U.S. senator. His uncle, John F. Kennedy, was assassinated in 1963 during his first term as president. ",1
5583,Trump's spy chiefs to be members of Cabinet: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday that the directors of national intelligence and the Central Intelligence Agency would both be members of President Donald Trump’s Cabinet. The Senate has confirmed former U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo as CIA director, but the nomination of former Senator Dan Coats as national intelligence director is awaiting confirmation. The decision follows a political controversy over a decision by Trump not to make the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff regular members of the Principals Committee, a key White House decision-making body. David Priess, a historian of U.S. intelligence, said former President Ronald Reagan’s CIA director, William Casey, was the first U.S. spy chief to sit in a presidential Cabinet. Priess said one of Casey’s successors, William Webster, asked not to be in the Cabinet because he felt intelligence should be kept separate from policymaking.  Under President Bill Clinton, CIA Directors John Deutch and George Tenet were Cabinet members. When Tenet continued as CIA director after George W. Bush became president, he left the Cabinet. In his memoir, “At the Center of the Storm,” Tenet wrote: “I was relieved that, unlike in the Clinton administration, where my job had Cabinet status, I no longer was obliged to attend ritual events like the State of the Union,” referring to the president’s annual speech to Congress.      ",1
5584,U.S. court: Ruling on Trump travel ban will not come Wednesday,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. federal appeals court said it would not issue its ruling on Wednesday regarding a temporary suspension of President Donald Trump’s order restricting travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. A representative for the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said in a statement that it would give up to 90 minutes advance notice before it hands down its ruling.  ,1
5585,U.S. House speaker says Obamacare replacement will pass this year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives’ Republican leader said on Tuesday that legislation to replace former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law would be completed this year, trying to dispel the idea that the party is retreating from its campaign promise to dismantle Obamacare quickly. “The question is how long does it take to implement the full replacement of Obamacare,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told a news briefing. “We hope to get this done as fast as possible.” Ryan was responding to questions about Republican President Donald Trump’s weekend interview with Fox News in which he said it might take until next year to replace the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, which Republicans consider federal government overreach. Trump and congressional Republicans campaigned on a promise to scrap the 2010 healthcare law. But they are struggling to agree on a replacement for the law, which has enabled up to 20 million previously uninsured Americans to obtain health coverage. “Maybe it’ll take till sometime into next year,” Trump said.   On Tuesday at the White House, spokesman Sean Spicer said the administration was “optimistic about getting this thing completed by this year.” Spicer also said Trump still favors lowering drug prices as part of healthcare reform, with the government negotiating directly with companies on prices to be paid by the Medicare insurance program. Spicer said Trump was committed to using his “skills as a businessman” to drive pharmaceutical prices down. Ryan said it was important to get U.S. Representative Tom Price confirmed as secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services soon, so he too can “get to work with replacing” the healthcare law. The Senate is expected to confirm Price this week. Ryan said he was not bothered by recent protests against dismantling Obamacare that have taken place at some Republican lawmakers’ meetings with constituents. “Peaceful protests are something we honor in this country,” he said. While Republicans voted last month to start scrapping Obamacare, they missed a target date of Jan. 27 to begin drafting legislation. This raised some doubts about how quickly they will be able to undo the complicated law, even though they have the majority in Congress. At a recent congressional retreat, Republican leaders told lawmakers they hoped Congress would legislate the repeal by March or April, as part of a process known as budget reconciliation. But some Republicans, like Representative Tom McClintock, have said they think doing it this way will actually make repealing Obamacare “harder and slower, while further disrupting an already faltering healthcare market.” ",1
5586,"Erdogan, Trump agree joint action against Islamic State in Syria: Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed in an overnight phone call on joint action against Islamic State in the Syrian towns of Raqqa and al-Bab, both held by the militants, Turkish presidency sources said on Wednesday. U.S.-Turkish differences during former President Barack Obama’s administration impeded the U.S.-led campaign against Islamic State, and closer coordination could mean faster progress towards freeing swathes of northern Syria from IS. Erdogan now hopes that relations with Washington, strained by the presence in the United States of a cleric he blames for an attempted military coup last year and by U.S. support for Kurdish militia in Syria, can be reset under Trump. Turkey has the second largest army in the NATO alliance and is key to any success in rolling back and eventually neutralising IS in Syria and Iraq where IS declared a cross-border caliphate after lightning advances in 2014. Turkey has presented a detailed plan to oust Islamic State from its Raqqa urban stronghold in northeastern Syria and strategy discussions with the Trump administration are under way, according to Erdogan’s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin. “The operational details were not discussed on this call ... Now detailed planning will be conducted in coordination,” he told Turkish broadcaster NTV in an interview. Ankara believes recent IS attacks in Turkey, including a New Year’s Day shooting in an Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, have been steered from al-Bab and Raqqa, and regards a clear-out of the towns as a national security priority. Turkish government and Syrian rebel sources said on Wednesday insurgents backed by Turkey’s military had taken the outskirts of al-Bab, northeast of Aleppo. If al-Bab falls, Ankara would strengthen its sway over an area of northern Syria where it has created a de facto buffer zone. Syrian government forces have also advanced on al-Bab from the south, bringing them into close proximity with their Turkish and rebel enemies in one of the most complex battlefields of Syria’s six-year-old civil war. But Turkey said international coordination was under way to prevent clashes with Syrian forces. The White House said that in the phone call, Trump spoke about the two countries’ “shared commitment to combating terrorism in all its forms” and welcomed Turkish contributions to the fight against Islamic State. But it gave few details. Sources in Erdogan’s office said the two leaders had touched on issues including a “safe zone”, as well as the regional migrant crisis and the fight against terrorism. Turkey has long advocated a secure zone for displaced civilians in Syria threatened by Islamist militants or forces fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. They also said Erdogan had urged the United States not to support the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and that new CIA Director Mike Pompeo would be in Turkey on Thursday to discuss that and other issues with Turkish counterparts. There was no immediate confirmation from Washington of Pompeo’s visit. But the offices of both leaders said Trump had reiterated U.S. support for Turkey “as a strategic partner and NATO ally” during Tuesday’s phone call. Turkey has long urged world powers to help create a safe zone, which it also sees as a way to purge its border of Islamic State and Kurdish militia fighters, and stem a wave of migration that has caused tensions with Europe.  Obama and U.S. allies balked at the idea, saying it would entail significant ground forces and planes to patrol a “no-fly zone”, a dicey commitment in such a crowded and messy conflict. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of U.S.-backed militias, launched a new phase of its campaign against Islamic State in Raqqa on Saturday. Turkey has repeatedly said it wants to be part of the U.S.-led operation to retake Raqqa from the ultra-hardline Sunni militant Islamic State, but does not want the YPG, which is part of the SDF alliance, to be involved. Relations between Erdogan and Obama soured over U.S. support for the YPG, which Ankara regards as a terrorist group and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting inside Turkey. The Turkish army and Syrian rebel groups it supports have been fighting IS in a separate campaign around al-Bab, northeast of the city of Aleppo. Ankara has complained in the past about a lack of U.S. support for that campaign. Kalin said there had been better coordination with the U.S.-led coalition on air strikes in the last 10 days. He added that Ankara’s priority remained the creation of a safe zone between the Syrian towns of Azaz and Jarablus, a strip of border territory to the north of al-Bab. The Turkish sources said Pompeo would discuss both the YPG and steps against the network of U.S.-based Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkey accuses of orchestrating last July’s coup attempt. Gulen denies any involvement. Turkey has been frustrated by what it considers to be  Washington’s reluctance to hand over Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. “As you know, we have two fundamental issues with the U.S. administration inherited from Obama’s period. One is the support given to YPG and the other is the (Gulen) problem,” Kalin said. “Our president spoke about these openly and clearly. Trump was informed on these and, without going into too much detail, he said let’s ask our teams to work on this and let’s give the necessary instructions.” ",1
5587,"Trump defends immigration order, says courts 'so political'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President Donald Trump defended his immigration executive order on Wednesday as necessary for the nation’s security in a speech to law enforcement officers in which he criticized U.S. courts as being political. “I don’t ever want to call a court biased, so I won’t call it biased,” Trump said. “And we haven’t had a decision yet. But courts seem to be so political, and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read the statement and do what’s right. And that has to do with the security of our country.” ",1
5588,"Trump on Twitter (Feb 8) - Immigration, Sheriffs, tornadoes","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : -If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics! [0703 EST] -I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision....... [0804 EST] -Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in southeastern Louisiana affected by today’s severe tornadoes. [0020 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
5589,Trump travel ban shows U.S. misunderstanding of anti-terror duties: Chinese state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s order temporarily banning visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries shows that his administration does not understand its counterterrorism duties, Chinese state media said on Wednesday. Trump’s Jan. 27 order, which he says is necessary for national security, sought to bar entry by travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and by all refugees for 120 days, except for refugees from Syria, who face an indefinite ban. The move, which sparked protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports, has been suspended by a federal judge in Seattle and is now under intense scrutiny from a U.S. federal appeals court questioning whether it unfairly targeted people over their religion. China’s government has offered mild criticism of the ban, saying immigration policy was a sovereign right but “reasonable concerns” must be considered. But the official Xinhua news agency said Trump’s order “shows that his administration has no correct recognition of the responsibility it needs to shoulder in a global fight against terrorism”. “Radical elements around the world could use the ban to further justify their ruthless causes, and to gain more recruits,” Xinhua said in a commentary. “That is a grave threat not only to the safety and security of the United States, but that of others worldwide. “Banned countries on the list, such as Iraq, Libya and Syria, have been victimized by terrorism because previous U.S. governments and other Western powers deliberately intervened for self-interests,” it added. Such commentaries from Xinhua do not equate to government policy, but often reflect official thinking. The world’s most populous nation generally accepts few refugees. China offered permanent residence to 1,576 foreigners in 2016, the public security ministry has said, but such openings are largely reserved for experts and professionals. China, which says it faces a serious threat from terrorism, has often rebuked the United States and other Western countries for what it considers their double standards on terrorism. Nervous about being implicated in possible human rights abuses, Western nations have been reluctant to cooperate in China’s campaign in its far western region of Xinjiang, where  officials say Islamist militants aim to set up a separate state. Rights advocates say ethnic violence in the region in recent years is a response to repressive government policies affecting the largely Muslim Uighur people who call Xinjiang home, though China denies rights abuses there.  ",1
5590,Trump accuser follows Cosby playbook by pursuing defamation suit,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - When former reality television contestant Summer Zervos accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct last fall, she pursued her claims solely in the court of public opinion, since the allegations dated too far back to allow a lawsuit. But last month, she found a fresh approach to fight the former host of “The Apprentice,” who has vehemently denied her allegations that he groped her in 2007. By professing his innocence, the man who is now president of the United States had effectively called her a liar, Servos alleges in a defamation lawsuit. The suit copied a rare legal tactic employed most notably by several women who have accused the actor and comedian Bill Cosby of sexual assault: using his denials as the basis for a defamation claim. It is not uncommon for high-profile allegations against celebrities to prompt defamation lawsuits, but they are usually filed by the star against the accuser. In 2014, however, Joseph Cammarata, the attorney for Cosby accuser Tamara Green, realized he could adapt that strategy for his own purposes after Cosby’s lawyer issued a statement calling the allegations “fantastical.” Like many other Cosby accusers, Green was unable to sue for assault because the alleged incident occurred decades ago. “A direct claim for the assault is not available, so I came up with the idea that a defamation claim would be the appropriate vehicle to use to address the underlying harm,” said Cammarata, whose lawsuit now includes seven Cosby accusers as plaintiffs. All told, 10 Cosby accusers filed four defamation lawsuits in three states. In simple terms, the argument is that Trump and Cosby have effectively branded the women as liars by denying the incidents occurred. But the women face a difficult challenge in making their cases, experts say. “Merely saying, ‘I didn’t do it,’ is traditionally not seen in defamation law as calling your accuser a liar, even though logically that’s what it means,” said Rod Smolla, dean of the Delaware Law School and a First Amendment scholar.  “But if you go beyond that – if you go from, ‘I didn’t do it,’ to, ‘She’s a liar,’ now you have arguably made a statement of fact” that could be subject to liability, he added. Trump’s status as president does not shield him from civil liability for actions he took prior to assuming office. In a statement on Tuesday, the attorney defending Trump in the Zervos lawsuit, Marc Kasowitz, said he and Trump’s personal lawyer would soon file a response to the lawsuit. “President Trump continues to deny any allegation of wrongdoing raised in said complaint,” he said. Cosby, 79, who faces allegations of sexual misconduct from approximately 50 women, has also denied any wrongdoing. The Cosby and Trump plaintiffs are taking on a tough double burden, experts said. First, the only way to show the denials by both men are untrue is to prove the incidents took place as described. “The burden is going to be on her to show that Trump is actually saying something that’s false,” Clay Calvert, a First Amendment expert at the University of Florida, said of Zervos. In addition, the women must show Trump and Crosby crossed the line into defamation by deliberately making false statements that seriously harmed the accusers’ reputations. In defamation cases, courts typically examine statements to determine whether they were factual or opinion, as expressing an opinion is generally protected by the First Amendment. Making that distinction can be challenging. In the Cosby cases, for instance, judges have split on whether the lawsuits should proceed, even coming to opposite conclusions regarding the same statement from his attorney. U.S. District Judge Mark Mastroianni in Massachusetts rejected Cosby’s attempts to have two cases, including Green’s lawsuit, thrown out. In his rulings, the judge found that a November 2014 statement from Cosby’s lawyer calling the allegations “unsubstantiated, fantastical stories” could be reasonably seen as factual, and therefore potentially defamatory. By contrast, a Pittsburgh federal judge, Arthur Schwab, tossed a similar case against Cosby, finding that the same statement was “pure opinion” and thus protected. Unlike Cosby, who has been fairly circumspect in his public statements, Trump has aggressively attacked his accusers, calling the claims “100 percent fabricated and made-up.” His rhetoric could make him more vulnerable to a defamation claim, experts said. Trump has said he never met Zervos at a hotel, despite her allegation that he groped her at a hotel in Beverly Hills, California. That type of specific fact-based assertion can also make it easier to show defamation if it can be proven false, according to Eugene Volokh, a law professor at the University of California in Los Angeles. “So much depends on the particular statement and the particular context surrounding that statement,” he said. ",1
5591,Controversial Dakota pipeline to go ahead after Army approval,"WASHINGTON/HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army will grant the final permit for the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline after an order from President Donald Trump to expedite the project despite opposition from Native American tribes and climate activists. In a court filing on Tuesday, the Army said that it would allow the final section of the line to tunnel under North Dakota’s Lake Oahe, part of the Missouri River system. This could enable the $3.8 billion pipeline to begin operation as soon as June.   Energy Transfer Partners (ETP.N) is building the 1,170-mile (1,885 km) line to help move crude from the shale oilfields of North Dakota to Illinois en route to the Gulf of Mexico, where many U.S. refineries are located. Protests against the project last year drew drew thousands of people to the North Dakota plains including Native American tribes and environmental activists, and protest camps sprung up. The movement attracted high-profile political and celebrity supporters. The permit was the last bureaucratic hurdle to the pipeline’s completion, and Tuesday’s decision drew praise from supporters of the project and outrage from activists, including promises of a legal challenge from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. “It’s great to see this new administration following through on their promises and letting projects go forward to the benefit of American consumers and workers,” said John Stoody, spokesman for the Association of Oil Pipe Lines.  The Standing Rock Sioux, which contends the pipeline would desecrate sacred sites and potentially pollute its water source,       vowed to shut pipeline operations down if construction is completed, without elaborating how it would do so. The tribe called on its supporters to protest in Washington on March 10 rather than return to North Dakota. “As Native peoples, we have been knocked down again, but we will get back up,” the tribe said in the statement. “We will rise above the greed and corruption that has plagued our peoples since first contact. We call on the Native Nations of the United States to stand together, unite and fight back.” Former President Barack Obama’s administration last year delayed completion of the pipeline pending a review of tribal concerns and in December ordered an environmental study. Less than two weeks after Trump ordered a review of the permit request, the Army said in a filing in District Court in Washington D.C. it would cancel that study. The final permit, known as an easement, could come in as little as a day, according to the filing. There was no need for the environmental study as there was already enough information on the potential impact of the pipeline to grant the permit, Robert Speer, acting secretary of the U.S. Army, said in a statement. Trump issued an order on Jan. 24 to expedite both the Dakota Access Pipeline and to revive another controversial multibillion dollar oil artery: Keystone XL. Obama’s administration blocked that project in 2015. At the Dakota Access construction site, law enforcement and protesters clashed violently on several occasions throughout the fall. More than 600 people were arrested, and police were criticized for using water cannons in 25-degree Fahrenheit (minus 4-degree Celsius) weather against activists in late November.  “The granting of an easement, without any environmental review or tribal consultation, is not the end of this fight,” said Tom Goldtooth, executive director of the Indigenous Environmental Network, one of the primary groups protesting the line. “It is the new beginning. Expect mass resistance far beyond what Trump has seen so far.”  Any legal challenge is likely to be a difficult one for pipeline opponents as presidential authority to grant such permits is generally accepted in the courts. The tribe said in a statement the decision “wrongfully terminated” environmental study of the project. Deborah Sivas, professor of environmental law at Stanford and director of Stanford’s Environmental Law Clinic, said a challenge by the tribe would likely rely on the reasons the Army Corps itself gave for why more review was needed in December. “The tribe will probably argue that an abrupt reversal without a sufficient explanation for why the additional analysis is not necessary is arbitrary and should, therefore, be set aside,” she said in an email. Supporters say the pipeline is safer than rail or trucks to transport the oil.   Shares of Energy Transfer Partners finished up 20 cents at $39.20, reversing earlier losses on the news. ",1
5592,Trump banking review raises fears for global standards talks,"LONDON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalized and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders, bankers and regulators said. Central banks and watchdogs around the world have spent the past eight years drawing up regulation aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, but there are fears that project could unravel after Trump said he wants the U.S. to row back on capital rules.     Trump’s order for a regulatory review to overcome what he sees as obstacles to lending came as banking watchdogs were trying to complete the final piece of global capital requirements, known as Basel III.  Given that the United States wants to shrink the banking rule book, there are doubts over whether the Basel rules can make it over the finishing line next month if they don’t have backing from the United States. Without support from the world’s biggest capital market, other countries would be less willing to commit too. The core aim of the outstanding part of Basel III that regulators are working on - dubbed Basel IV by critical banks who worry about more stringent capital requirements - is to impose more consistency into how banks calculate the amount of capital they hold against risky assets like loans.     JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said in the aftermath of the financial crisis that European rivals had been “a lot more aggressive” than American banks in calculating capital, meaning they were holding less.      European policymakers have rejected that criticism, but their region’s banks have been lobbying against the remaining Basel rules, saying they would force them to increase significantly the amount of capital they need to hold.      If the United States fails to approve the completion of Basel III, the perceived problem that European banks get away with holding less capital than U.S. lenders may not be properly tackled, a source involved in the negotiations said.      “It’s in the interests of American banks to get this done,” the source said. Others are less optimistic that a deal can now be done after Trump’s intervention. “It’s going to delay completing Basel III, and perhaps lead to it not being concluded,” an adviser to banks said on condition of anonymity. “I do fear that Basel IV is doomed,” a banking industry official added. There are headwinds from elsewhere, too. Patrick McHenry, Republican vice chairman of the House financial services committee, fired a warning shot at Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen about the Basel talks in a letter dated Jan. 31, ahead of Trump’s executive order. The Fed must “cease” all attempts to negotiate binding standards “burdening American business” until the Trump Administration has had the opportunity to nominate officials that prioritize “America’s best interests”, McHenry said.     While lawmakers often call on regulators to ease pressure on firms, regulators said Trump’s intervention in banking rules gives more clout to McHenry’s warning. The Basel Committee declined to comment. Trump’s decision to review existing, post-crisis banking rules has rung alarm bells among regulators outside the country. Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, which regulates the euro zone’s main lenders, said on Monday that easing banking rules could threaten financial stability. Draghi was chairman of the Group of 20 Economies’ (G20)  regulatory task force, the Financial Stability Board, which during the financial crisis was instrumental in building up a global approach to reinforcing banking standards. A former regulator said the United States would be scoring an own goal by withdrawing from multilateral bodies like Basel as it would no longer be shaping rules that impinge on U.S. banking competitiveness globally.    “It’s early days, but what we have seen in language and rhetoric from Washington is worrying,” said David Wright, a former top EU official who was part of crisis-era efforts to create the global regulatory consensus.    “If you break international consensus, you are effectively opening up a regulatory race and heaven knows where it will end,” said Wright, now at Flint Global, which advises companies on regulatory matters. Wright was referring to what was seen in the run-up to the financial crisis, when countries like Britain resorted to a “light touch” approach to banks to make London a more attractive financial center. Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU’s financial services chief, said last week that international regulatory cooperation had been vital in tackling the financial crisis and must continue. Much will hinge on how much regulatory change Trump can actually push through. Former Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, who jointly sponsored the Dodd Frank Act that Trump wants to review, told the BBC last week he does not expect Congress to approve the wholesale rolling back of rules, but the Trump administration could pressure U.S. regulators to ease up on applying existing requirements.    Anil Kashyap, a Bank of England policymaker, said last month that Trump’s nomination for the powerful role of Fed Vice Chair in charge of banking supervision would shape the U.S. approach to international rule-making. It will have a “huge impact”, a regulatory source added.    The fear among global regulators is that multilateral bodies like the Basel Committee and the Financial Stability Board could be abandoned by the United States under Trump. Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, chairman of Spain’s Bankia, told Spanish television on Tuesday he would be concerned if Trump was questioning the usefulness of international banking rules. “It would worry me very much because I think it’s very important, very relevant that there have been advances in the homogenization of regulation amongst developed countries,” he said.   ",1
5593,"Trump on Twitter (Feb 7) - Putin, Iran, Betsy Devos","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : -I don’t know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem! [711 EST] -An honor having the National Sheriffs’ Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men & women who protect & serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!! [1125 EST] -It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats! [2004 EST] -Senate Dems protest to keep the failed status quo. Betsy DeVos is a reformer, and she is going to be a great Education Sec. for our kids! [814 EST] -An honor having the @NationalSheriff Association join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men & women who protect & serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU! [1125 EST] -Congratulations to our new Education Secretary, @BetsyDeVos! [1250 EST] -@BetsyDeVos sworn in as Secretary of Education by @VP Mike Pence moments ago. Congratulations! [1928 EST]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
5594,"U.S., Mexican security officials speak despite diplomatic rift","WASHINGTON/MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Senior Mexican and American military and interior officials spoke on Tuesday, Mexico’s government said, in a sign that communication remains open between the two countries, despite deep tension over President Donald Trump’s proposals.  In a telephone call, Mexican Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong and U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly  discussed security issues and an upcoming meeting in Mexico City, according to a statement that gave few details.  A separate Mexican government communique showed Secretary of Defense Salvador Cienfuegos and his U.S. counterpart, James Mattis, spoke about an April meeting of security officials that will include Canada. Mexico’s Navy Secretary Vidal Soberon was also on the call.  The Pentagon confirmed the call, noting the two countries ‘”commitment to strengthen our close bilateral defense relationship.”  It added, “Mattis lauded Mexico’s growing leadership in the region and commended Mexico’s willingness to host the Central American Security Conference in July.”   The discussions come despite a deep political crisis between Mexico and the United States.  Trump has threatened to build a wall on the U.S. southern border, slap a hefty tax on Mexican-made goods entering the country and pull out of a trade deal with Mexico if he cannot renegotiate it to benefit the United States. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto canceled a planned January summit of the two leaders after Trump said his counterpart should not attend if he was unwilling to pay for the wall.         In a radio interview following Tuesday’s calls, Osorio Chong said arms were also mentioned in his chat with Kelly, but gave no details.  Illegal arms trafficking from the United States into Mexico has been key to the success of the country’s notorious drug cartels and a constant worry for its government. ",1
5595,The Trump presidency on Feb. 7 at 9:47 EST,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Tuesday: Trump’s order temporarily banning U.S. entry to people from seven Muslim-majority countries comes under intense scrutiny from a federal appeals court that questions whether the ban unfairly targets people over their religion. Homeland Security chief John Kelly tells a congressional panel he should have delayed Trump’s travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries and on all refugees so he could brief Congress on the executive order. Two Republican senators plan to unveil legislation to curb legal immigration by halving the number of people allowed to live as legal permanent residents. Trump is planning to issue an executive order targeting a controversial Dodd-Frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain “conflict minerals” from a war-torn part of Africa, according to sources familiar with the administration’s thinking. The Senate confirms billionaire Betsy DeVos as education secretary, with Vice President Mike Pence casting an unprecedented tie-breaking vote, and another controversial nominee, Jeff Sessions for attorney general, wins committee approval. The Senate’s top Democrat accuses Trump’s Supreme Court pick of avoiding answering questions “like the plague” and dodging efforts to gauge his judicial independence during a meeting that deepened his concerns about the nominee. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s choice to lead the Labor Department, admits to employing an undocumented immigrant, a revelation of the type that has derailed Cabinet nominees in previous administrations. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei dismisses Trump’s warning to Iran to stop its missile tests, saying the president has shown the “real face” of American corruption. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Trump, seizing on an Iranian missile test, are nearing common ground on a tougher U.S. policy toward Tehran ahead of their first talks at the White House. Trump reiterates “U.S. support to Turkey as a strategic partner and NATO ally” during a phone call with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, the White House says. China’s foreign minister, seeking to diminish tension with the United States after Trump’s election, says there would be no winner in a conflict between the two nations. Trump says there is no reason to curb law enforcement agencies that seize cash, vehicles and other assets of people suspected of crimes, a practice that some lawmakers and activists have criticized for denying legal rights. ",1
5596,Two Republican senators seek to slash legal U.S. immigration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two Republican senators proposed steps to slash the number of legal immigrants admitted into the United States by half on Tuesday, but the legislation, developed with the Trump administration, faces an uphill climb to get through Congress. Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue said their bill would cut the number of immigrants granted U.S. residency each year to 500,000 from 1 million, through measures including cutting far back on which relatives can be brought into the country and eliminating a diversity visa lottery. The legislation does not address visas specifically tied to employment, such as the H-1B visas for skilled workers used by many technology companies. Cotton and Perdue said they had consulted Republican President Donald Trump, who vowed to crack down on both illegal and legal immigration during his campaign for the White House. Cotton said he had spoken to Trump about the bill by telephone as recently as Tuesday morning. The measure faces stiff opposition in Congress. Although Trump’s fellow Republicans control majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives, several back comprehensive immigration reform, not a tough crackdown. Republican Senator John McCain said he disagreed with the bill. A long-time advocate for immigration reform, McCain praised the contribution of immigrants to the United States. “We need more Sergey Brins and people like that who were born outside of this country and came here, received an education and made enormous progress for all mankind,” McCain told reporters, referring to the Google co-founder, who came to the United States as a refugee from Russia. Any measure also would need Democratic support to advance in the Senate, and Democrats, who cite studies showing that immigrants boost the U.S. economy, are strongly opposed. Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen called it “wrong and senseless” to separate families and cut successful visa programs.  Perdue and Cotton acknowledged the bill would not come up any time soon, saying they hoped for a Senate vote this year. Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said Congress first needed to address border security, but said the new measure “will be a helpful constructive proposal.” The bill would admit only immediate family members of immigrants, eliminating preferences for adult siblings or adult children. Cotton said it would exclude parents unless they were sick and the family promised not to rely on public benefits. The proposal came amid a larger immigration fight over Trump’s travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries and refugees. Cotton said his goal was to stop competition that lowers wages for workers without high school or college degrees. “Unless we reverse this trend, we are going to create a near-permanent underclass for whom the American dream is always just out of reach,” he said. Asked if the White House would support the legislation and whether it was working with the senators, a spokesman said, “We are reviewing it.” U.S. companies often argue in favor of immigration. More than 100 filed a legal brief opposing Trump’s travel ban.   ",1
5597,Trump travel restrictions hit demand for visits to U.S.: study,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The travel restrictions put in place by U.S. President Donald Trump on seven countries are deterring travelers from other countries too, according to a travel analysis company. ForwardKeys, which analyses 16 million flight reservations a day from major global reservation systems, said bookings for international arrivals to the United States over the next three months were 2.3 percent higher than last year. But on Jan. 27, the day Trump issued the executive order, bookings had been 3.4 percent ahead of the previous year, Forwardkeys data showed. When the travel ban was in place from Jan. 28 to Feb. 4, bookings to the United States dropped 6.5 percent, including an 80 percent slump in reservations from the seven countries listed on Trump’s order and a 13.6 percent drop from Western Europe. On the day the curbs were lifted by a U.S. judge, bookings from Iran surged, ForwardKeys said, leaving reservations for travel to the United States five times higher on Feb. 3 and Feb. 4 than the same two days a year earlier. Most of those bookings were for arrival in the United States on Feb. 5 and Feb. 6. ForwardKeys CEO Olivier Jager cautioned that the data was just a snapshot of an eight-day period and it would continue to monitor the situation. Other groups, such as the U.N. World Tourism Organization, have also warned travel demand could be hurt by U.S. restrictions, which are still suspended pending a U.S. appeals court hearing due to start at 2300 GMT on Tuesday. “The ambiguity of these very latest developments introduced by President Trump is casting a shadow over the future travel demand to and from the U.S.,” said Nadejda Popova, travel project manager at Euromonitor.   “The new executive order could also impact how the U.S. is perceived as a tourism destination and how open to foreign travelers it will be in the future.” ",1
5598,U.S. appeals judges grill lawyers over Trump immigration order,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. federal appeals court judges weighing the temporary suspension of President Donald Trump’s immigration restrictions order on Tuesday vigorously pressed lawyers on both sides of the case in a hearing. Senior Circuit Judge Richard Clifton, an appointee of Republican former President George W. Bush, asked the attorney for the state of Washington why the complete suspension of the immigration restrictions by a Seattle judge wasn’t overly broad. ",1
5599,DeVos confirmed as U.S. education secretary as Pence breaks tie,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s choice of billionaire Betsy DeVos to be education secretary was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, but only after Vice President Mike Pence was called in to break a tie that threatened to defeat her. The tie-breaking vote, which Senate officials said was unprecedented to confirm a Cabinet nominee, followed an all-night debate on DeVos as Senate Democrats tried to pressure at least one more Republican to oppose her and defeat the nomination. Only two Republicans joined the 46 Democrats and two independents in opposition to DeVos. Critics have called her unprepared to lead the Department of Education after a rocky Senate confirmation hearing. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer immediately derided the proceeding. “This cabinet nom is so unqualified, so divisive, that @MikePenceVP had to drive down Pennsylvania Ave to cast the deciding vote,” he wrote in a Twitter post after the vote. Under the U.S. Constitution, the vice president also serves as president of the Senate, with the power to cast votes only when there are ties on nominations or legislation. Republican Trump tweeted his congratulations to the nominee and Pence praised her. “Today’s vote to confirm Education Secretary @BetsyDeVos was a vote for every child having a chance at a world-class education,” the vice president wrote in a Twitter post. Ultimately, only Republican Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska joined the Democrats and two independents in opposition to DeVos. That left 50 Republicans supporting her in the 100-member chamber. Historically, Cabinet nominees with weak support in the Senate ask the president to withdraw their nomination, which DeVos did not do. DeVos is married to the heir and former chief executive of Amway, which sells household and personal care items. She is also the daughter of the founders of Prince Corp, a Michigan car parts supplier, and sister of Erik Prince, the founder of the security company formerly known as Blackwater USA, now called Academi. As Monday night’s debate wound down, Schumer said of DeVos: “She disdains public education where 90 percent of our students are.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, urging her confirmation, said it was time to “end the unprecedented delay by Democrats” on the Cabinet nominations by Trump, who took office on Jan. 20. DeVos has been an advocate of charter schools, which operate independently of school districts and frequently are run by corporations. Democrats are concerned she will promote charter schools in a way that would undercut public schools, which have long been the anchor of the U.S. education system. Teachers unions, a major constituency for the Democratic Party, roundly opposed DeVos, a philanthropist and investor, to lead the department, which sets education policy for younger children and universities and also administers a college financial aid program of $1 trillion.  The Consumer Federation of America urged DeVos to confront the problem of millions of Americans in default on student loans. “The new secretary needs to put borrowers and taxpayers first, rather than focusing on helping the student loan and for-profit college industries pump up their profits,” it said. Following the cliffhanger vote on DeVos, the Senate promptly limited debate on Trump’s choice of Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. A final vote on Sessions’ nomination is expected sometime this week. Also up for Senate debate soon are Trump’s nominations of Representative Tom Price to be secretary of Health and Human Services and ex-banker Steve Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. All three face opposition from Senate Democrats. Also facing a rough ride is Trump’s choice of Andrew Puzder to be secretary of labor. Puzder, the chief executive of CKE Restaurants Inc, has admitted to employing an undocumented immigrant as a house cleaner. ",1
5600,Homeland Security chief regrets rapid rollout of Trump travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Homeland Security chief John Kelly told a congressional panel on Tuesday he should have delayed U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries and on all refugees so he could brief Congress on the executive order.      The temporary ban ignited international protests as the United States revoked 60,000 visas and detained some travelers who landed in the United States unaware the order had been signed while they were in flight. “The desire was to get it out quick so that potentially people that might be coming here to harm us would not take advantage of some period of time that they could jump on an airplane and get here,” Kelly told the House of Representatives Committee on Homeland Security.  Kelly took the blame for not briefing Congress on the order before it was announced late on Jan. 27.   “This is all on me by the way. I should have delayed it just a bit so that I could talk to members of Congress,” he said.  Kelly said the confusion at U.S. airports was caused by court orders challenging the ban that went out the day after it went into effect, adding that his team at the Department of Homeland Security acted swiftly to tweak their operations as necessary. The order was signed also with little or no briefing of U.S. government agents responsible for implementing it, contributing to the confusion. There was also no agreement within the administration for several days over whether green card holders - foreign nationals from the seven targeted countries with permanent U.S. residency - should be admitted. The White House reversed itself later and said those with green cards would be granted waivers to enter the country.  The ban was suspended by a federal judge last Friday, opening a window for refugees and citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen to enter the United States, pending an appeal by the U.S government. Trump’s executive order temporarily barred travelers from the seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees, except refugees from Syria whom he would ban indefinitely. The ban, which Trump says is needed to protect the United States against Islamist militants, sparked condemnation from critics who said it was discriminatory against Muslims and questioned its value as a security measure. All the people who carried out fatal attacks inspired by Islamist militancy in the United States since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks were U.S. citizens or legal residents, the New America think tank says. None came to the United States or were from a family that emigrated from one of the countries listed in the travel ban, it said. (bit.ly/2keSmUO) The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco was due to hear arguments about whether to restore the ban at 3 p.m. PST (2300 GMT). Kelly defended the order, at the hearing, asserting that the seven countries on the list were known to have inadequate systems for sharing information with the United States on their potentially dangerous citizens. He said reports circulated last week that 12 countries could be added to the travel ban were false, adding that no additional countries were being considered.  Kelly also said that funding to cities that refuse to cooperate with immigration agents would only be cut on a case-by-case basis.     Trump had threatened to cut large amounts of federal funding to about 300 so-called “sanctuary cities” in order to pressure them to cooperate in the apprehension and deportation of illegal immigrants.    Kelly said he did not expect to meet Trump’s hiring goals of 5,000 additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents and 10,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents within two years. Trump did not specify a timeline when he called for the hiring in his executive action. ",1
5601,Homeland Security secretary expects wall to be 'under way' within two years,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly told a congressional panel on Tuesday that he expects a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border to be “well under way” within the next two years.  Kelly said the wall would be some kind of “physical barrier,” perhaps including a fence in some places.  Republican President Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border to stop illegal immigration. ",1
5602,"Tillerson stresses cooperation in calls with Australia, Japan, South Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has underscored Washington’s intent to strengthen ties with Australia, Japan and South Korea, the State Department said on Tuesday, a move aimed at reassuring allies unnerved by the campaign rhetoric of new  President Donald Trump. In separate calls with counterparts from the three long-time allies, they agreed to work closely to tackle threats from North Korea’s nuclear ambitions and increased tensions in the East and South China seas, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said, “Secretary Tillerson reiterated the Administration’s intent to strengthen our military alliances, our economic partnerships, and our diplomatic cooperation,” he said in a statement. Tillerson expressed interest in early meetings with his counterparts “and expressed his deep respect for their nations’ contributions to regional security, global prosperity, democratic institutions, and the rule of law,” it said. The calls come at a time of raised concerns in the Asia-Pacific about Trump’s attitude to the region. During his election campaign, Trump appeared to question  U.S. alliances with Tokyo and Seoul and complained that they were not sharing enough of the cost of the U.S. security umbrella. Trump has also criticized Japan’s trade policies as damaging to U.S. jobs. More recently ties with Australia were strained after details of an acrimonious phone call between Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull emerged and the former described a deal between the two nations on refugee resettlement as “dumb.” Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is due to visit Washington for a two-day summit with Trump from Friday that is expected to focus on security ties in the face of a rising China and trade. Earlier on Tuesday, Japan’s Kyodo news agency quoted Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida as saying that Tillerson had confirmed that a long-standing commitment by Washington to defend Japanese territory applies to the Senkakus, a group of small islands that China claims and calls the Diaoyus. The State Department declined to comment on the Kyodo report but U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis reaffirmed America’s commitment to its mutual defense treaty with Japan on Friday when he met Abe in Tokyo and in a call with Abe in late January. Trump said the U.S. security commitment was “ironclad. Turnbull’s leadership was questioned after he was berated by  Trump and an opinion poll published on Monday showed support for his coalition had slipped to its lowest level since he took power 17 months ago and that his Liberal-National coalition would easily fall if an election were held now. ",1
5603,Revamping Dodd-Frank a 'this-year priority': U.S. lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Financial Services Committee told CNBC on Tuesday that revamping the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law remained a “this-year priority” for President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and House Speaker Paul Ryan. Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling said he would soon reintroduce his legislation that gives banks a choice between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital. While the bill is expected to easily pass the Republican-led House, it will face resistance in the Senate, where Democrats hold enough seats to filibuster. Pence can cast votes to break ties on legislation. On Friday, Trump ordered a review of Dodd-Frank’s effects on business and the economy, which raised the possibility he may use his executive powers to block, undo or kill by neglect parts of the law on his own. The law, passed to prevent a repeat of the 2007-09 financial crisis, subjects banks to greater oversight and expands regulation of derivatives. Supporters say it has made the financial system stronger, while critics say it has entangled corporations in regulation that hurts the economy. Hensarling said on Tuesday he had conferred with Trump about his legislation, known as the “CHOICE act,” and the president seemed to support much of it. While Hensarling used sharp words to describe the agency created by Dodd-Frank to guard individuals against predatory lending, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, he did not say how it would be addressed in his bill.  Calling the CFPB a “rogue agency,” Hensarling said Trump should fire its sole director, Richard Cordray, after a U.S. court ruled in October its structure was unconstitutional. That decision has been stayed pending appeal. ",1
5604,"Netanyahu, Trump align on Iran ahead of Israeli leader's visit","JERUSALEM/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and new U.S. President Donald Trump, seizing on an Iranian missile test, are nearing common ground on a tougher U.S. policy towards Tehran ahead of their first face-to-face talks at the White House. But people familiar with the Trump administration’s thinking say that its evolving strategy is likely to be aimed not at dismantling Iran’s July 2015 nuclear deal with six world powers, as presidential candidate Trump sometimes advocated, but tightening its enforcement and pressuring the Islamic Republic into renegotiating key provisions. Options under consideration, they say, would include wider scrutiny of Iran’s compliance by the International Atomic Energy Agency, the U.N. nuclear watchdog, including access to Iranian military sites, and seeking to remove “sunset” terms that allow some curbs on Iranian nuclear activity to start expiring in 10 years and lift other limits after 15 years. In a shift of position for Netanyahu, all signs in Israel point to him being on board with the emerging U.S. plan, though it may prove impossible to get other world powers and Iran to consider revising the landmark nuclear deal. Two years ago, Netanyahu infuriated the Obama White House by addressing the U.S. Congress to rally hawkish opposition to a budding Iran pact he condemned as a “historic mistake” that should be torn up. As Trump and Netanyahu prepare for their Feb. 15 meeting, focus has shifted to Iran’s ballistic missile test last week. The White House said the missile launch was not a direct breach of the nuclear deal but “violates the spirit of that”.  Trump responded by slapping fresh sanctions on individuals and entities, some of them linked to Iran’s elite Revolutionary Guards (IRGC). A U.N. Security Council resolution underpinning the nuclear pact urges Iran to refrain from testing missiles designed to be able to carry nuclear warheads, but imposes no obligation. However, Trump tweeted, “Iran is playing with fire” and “they don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ President Obama was to them. Not me!” Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, warned that Washington “would no longer tolerate Iran’s provocations.” Netanyahu “appreciated” the comments. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran’s supreme leader, on Tuesday dismissed the U.S. decision to put Iran “on notice” over its missile tests and called Trump the “real face” of American corruption. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif was quoted as saying Iran would not renegotiate the nuclear deal. Beyond the rhetoric, the missile test gave the new Republican president and the conservative Israeli leader - who had an often acrimonious relationship with Trump’s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama - an early chance to show they are on the same page in seeking to restrain Iranian military ambitions. Netanyahu wrote on Facebook last week: “At my upcoming meeting with President Trump in Washington, I intend to raise the renewal of sanctions against Iran in this context and in other contexts. Iranian aggression must not go unanswered.” In London for talks with British Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday, Netanyahu said “responsible” nations should follow  Trump’s imposition of new sanctions as Iran remained a deadly menace to Israel and “threatens the world”. But he stopped short of any call to cancel the nuclear accord. Israeli officials privately acknowledged that he would not advocate ripping up a deal that has been emphatically  reaffirmed by the other big power signatories - Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China - since Trump’s election victory. Russia said on Monday it disagreed with Trump’s assessment of Iran as “the number one terrorist state” and a Russian diplomat said any move to rework the nuclear pact would inflame Middle East tensions. “Don’t try to fix what is not broken,” Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said. Trump’s stance could weaken the hand of pragmatists in Tehran who have been willing to negotiate a detente with the West after decades of volatile confrontation, a former senior Iranian official said. Under the accord, Tehran received relief from global economic sanctions and in return committed to capping its uranium enrichment well below the level needed for bomb-grade material, cutting the number of its centrifuge enrichment machines by two-thirds, reducing its enriched uranium stockpile and submitting to a more intrusive IAEA inspections regime. Diplomats close to the IAEA consider the deal a success so far, voicing little concern with overall Iranian compliance - despite Netanyahu’s insistence that it will only pave the Islamic Republic’s path towards nuclear weapons once major restrictions expire 15 years after its signing. With German, French and British firms busy cultivating new business with Iran, Washington’s peers in the six-power group almost surely would rebuff any U.S. thrust to reopen the deal. Daniel Shapiro, who recently ended his tenure as U.S. ambassador to Israel under Obama, told Reuters he would be surprised if Trump and Netanyahu “determined so early in the time working together that they would rather scrap that agreement than try to enforce it in a tough manner and put other pressures unrelated to that deal on the Iranians”. Some foreign policy experts say U.S. efforts to tighten the screws on Iran could seek to goad it into ditching the nuclear accord in hopes that Tehran - and not Washington - would then have to shoulder international blame for its collapse. According to Israel’s Haaretz newspaper, an Israeli intelligence assessment recently presented to Netanyahu said revoking the pact would be an error, causing a chasm between Washington and other signatories like Russia and China. Amos Yadlin, former head of Israeli military intelligence, said there were many areas outside the deal where pressure could be applied on Iran to change what he called its negative behavior of “subversiveness, supporting terrorism”. But beyond new sanctions and sharpened rhetoric, analysts say, it is unclear how far Trump could go. Arguments for restraint would include the risk of military escalation in the Gulf, out of which 40 percent of the world’s seaborne crude oil is shipped, and strong European support for the nuclear deal. Though the new U.S. strategy is in the early stages of development, the Trump administration, the sources say, is considering a range of measures, including seeking “zero tolerance” for any Iranian violations. Trump’s aides accused the Obama administration of turning a blind eye to some alleged Iranian infractions to avoid anything that would undermine confidence in the integrity of the deal. Obama administration officials denied being “soft” on Iran. Other U.S. strategy options, the sources say, include sanctioning Iranian industries that aid missile development and designating as a terrorist group the Revolutionary Guards, accused by U.S. officials of fuelling Middle East proxy wars. That designation could also dissuade foreign investment in Iran because the Guards oversee a sprawling business empire there. ",1
5605,Trump administration will uphold election system's designation as critical infrastructure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Tuesday said he backed a decision in the Obama administration’s final days to designate elections systems as critical infrastructure in order to boost their cyber defenses, after the government concluded Russian hackers tried to influence the 2016 presidential race. Some conservative states, such as Georgia, had expressed concerns that the Obama administration move amounted to a federal takeover of elections traditionally run by state and local governments. The designation means voting machines, voter registration systems, polling places and other assets important to holding elections are eligible for priority cyber-security assistance from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). “I believe we should help all of the states ... to make sure that their systems are protected in future elections,” Kelly told the U.S. House of Representatives’ Committee on Homeland Security in response to a question from Democratic U.S. Representative Cedric Richmond. “I would argue that, yes, we should keep that in place.” Last month, two weeks before then-President Barack Obama, a Democrat, left office, DHS said it was designating state election systems part of the nation’s critical infrastructure, a move that broadened the options the federal government has to protect voting equipment from cyber attacks. Other sectors considered critical infrastructure include communication and transportation systems, the banking industry and the energy grid. The 2016 presidential campaign was marred by the hacking and subsequent leaking of Democratic emails that U.S. intelligence agencies concluded were carried out by Russia in order to help now-President Donald Trump, a Republican, win. U.S. officials determined Russian hackers also targeted more than 20 states’ voter registration systems during the election but that there was no evidence that tallies were altered when ballots were cast on Nov. 8. Some Republican-controlled states had argued against the change, saying elections in the United States have always been carried out by state and local officials and that the federal government should not play a direct role in them. Separately on Tuesday, Republicans on the House Administration Committee voted to eliminate the federal Election Assistance Commission, which is charged with ensuring that voting machines meet security standards. The commission was itself penetrated by a Russian-speaking hacker last year after the Nov. 8 U.S. elections, according to security firm Recorded Future. The full House and the U.S. Senate would need to pass the legislation in order for it to become law. ",1
5606,Watchdog sues Trump EPA pick to disclose contact with companies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A media watchdog group filed suit on Tuesday to force U.S. President Donald Trump’s pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency to release records detailing his communications with energy companies ahead of a Senate vote to confirm his nomination. The lawsuit was filed in Oklahoma court by the Center for Media and Democracy and accuses Scott Pruitt, who is Oklahoma’s attorney general as well as Trump’s nominee to become the top U.S. environmental regulator, of violating the state’s Open Records Act by failing to release those emails to the public. It also seeks to force him to respond to nine open-records requests dating to January 2015 to publish emails between his office and energy companies. Pruitt’s office has received more than four dozen similar requests from other groups. “His inaction denies the public ‘prompt and reasonable’ access to public documents and violates Oklahoma’s Open Records Act,” said Robert Nelon, a first amendment lawyer with Hall Estill, the law firm representing the Center for Media and Democracy along with the American Civil Liberties Union. The media watchdog’s first request sought access to more than 3,000 emails. Pruitt’s office has not told the group how many records it has identified for the other eight requests it has pending. “We are doing this because these emails should be released so that people can properly vet his record before the Senate votes to confirm him,” said Nick Surgey, the center’s director of research. Pruitt, 48, sued the agency he intends to run 14 times on behalf of Oklahoma to weaken or gut its key regulations, earning him strong support from energy companies and Republican lawmakers who have accused the Obama administration’s EPA of regulatory overreach. On Thursday, the Senate environment committee approved Pruitt despite a boycott of his nomination by the panel’s Democratic members. The full Senate, which is under Republican control, is expected to confirm him but has not set a date for the vote. The lawsuit submitted on Tuesday calls on the court to stop Pruitt from denying access to requested public records and to prevent his office from destroying any documents relevant to the requests. Surgey said Pruitt was seemingly unapologetic during the confirmation hearings about his “strong relationships with Oklahoma’s oil and gas companies” and that the public should be aware his ties to the types of companies he would need to regulate as EPA administrator. Pruitt’s office said it had contacted the Center for Media and Democracy last week to inform the group that “release of their request was imminent.” “The fact that they have now filed suit despite our ongoing communications demonstrates that this is nothing more than political theater,” Lincoln Ferguson, the attorney general’s press secretary said in a statement. “The office of attorney general remains committed to fulfilling both the letter and spirit of the Open Records Act.” Democratic Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, a member of the Senate panel that held Pruitt’s hearing, accused the nominee of stonewalling the request for information about his relationships with industry. “I hope this lawsuit forces Attorney General Pruitt to stop the cover-up and disclose these emails immediately so the American people know what conflicts of interest this nominee has,” Whitehouse said in a statement to Reuters. ",1
5607,Trump questions lawmakers' efforts to curb asset seizures by police,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday there was “no reason” to curb law enforcement agencies that seize cash, vehicles and other assets of people suspected of crimes, a practice that some lawmakers and activists have criticized for denying legal rights. The issue of civil asset forfeiture, created to disrupt the activities of organized crime groups, arose when sheriffs from around the United States told Trump at a White House meeting that they were under pressure to ease the practice. “I’d like to look into that,” Trump said. “There’s no reason for that.” In 2016, a group of Republican and Democratic lawmakers introduced a bill, which did not become law, that would have required the government to do more to show that seized property was connected to a crime. Critics have said suspects have few avenues to challenge the seizures and that forfeiture laws were sometimes abused. Police in some cases seize property from people who are never charged or convicted. Trump, a Republican, asked acting U.S. Attorney General Dana Boente, who was at the gathering, whether executive orders or legislation were needed to support forfeiture. Boente said that was unnecessary but law enforcement agencies needed encouragement. Trump voiced disagreement with lawmakers who want to change asset forfeiture laws, and some of the sheriffs laughed when Trump suggested he might want to “destroy” the career of one Texas legislator. He said members of the U.S. Congress would “get beat up really badly by the voters” if they interfered with law enforcement’s activities. Later, Sheriff Harold Eavenson of Rockwall County, Texas, told Trump of his response to a state lawmaker who had introduced legislation requiring suspects first be convicted before assets could be seized. “I told him that the cartel would build a monument to him in Mexico if he could get that legislation passed,” Eavenson said. “Who was the state senator?” Trump asked.  “You want to give his name? We’ll destroy his career,” the president deadpanned, to laughter. Eavenson did not identify the lawmaker, but a Republican state senator has introduced similar legislation in Texas. The Texas Observer magazine reported that the bill had support from Republicans and Democrats. ",1
5608,"Trump, Japan's Abe to spend time at Trump resort in Fla. after meeting: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has invited Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to visit his private Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida over the weekend after the two leaders meet on Friday in Washington, the White House said on Tuesday. “This is a testament to the importance the United States places on the bilateral relationship and the strength of our alliance and the deep economic ties between the United States and Japan,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at a White House press briefing.  ",1
5609,Homeland Security sec doesn't expect to meet immigration agent hiring goals within two years,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly told a congressional panel on Tuesday that he does not expect to meet President Donald Trump’s hiring targets for U.S. Customs and Border Protection or Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents within the next two years.  Trump has called for an additional 5,000 Customs and Border Protection agents and 10,0000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in an executive order, but he did not specify a timeline.  Kelly said he would not “skip on training and standards” to speed up the pace of hiring.  ",1
5610,U.S. Senate moves Jeff Sessions toward confirmation as attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday, in a procedural vote, cleared the way for confirming President Donald Trump’s nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions to be the next attorney general. By a vote of 52-47, the Republican-controlled Senate agreed to limit debate on Sessions. A final vote on confirming him to head the Justice Department, the nation’s top law enforcement job, is likely sometime this week. Sessions, as is the custom for senators voting on their own nominations, cast a vote of “present.” ",1
5611,Trump's pick for labor secretary admits to employing illegal immigrant,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s choice to lead the Labor Department admitted to employing an undocumented immigrant as a house cleaner, the kind of revelation that derailed Cabinet nominees in previous administrations. Andrew Puzder, chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc, is one of several Trump nominees who face strong opposition from Senate Democrats and progressive groups. In a statement late on Monday, Puzder said he and his wife had employed a housekeeper for a few years without being aware that she was not legally permitted to work in the United States. “When I learned of her status, we immediately ended her employment and offered her assistance in getting legal status,” he said in the statement. He said he paid back taxes for employing the maid to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and to California.  The statement was first reported by the Huffington Post. Senator Lamar Alexander, chairman of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, the panel that will vet Puzder’s nomination, said in a statement that Puzder had reported his mistake and voluntarily corrected it. “I do not believe that this should disqualify him from being a cabinet secretary,” he added. The disclosure came as Senate Democrats held an all-night session in a final attempt to block the nomination of Betsy DeVos, the billionaire school-choice champion whom Trump nominated to be education secretary.  Puzder’s tentative date for a confirmation hearing has been repeatedly postponed, as the committee awaited completion of an ethics review by the Office of Government Ethics. As of Tuesday, the committee had still not received any of the necessary paperwork on Puzder’s nomination, though the Federal Bureau of Investigation background check had been completed, according to a committee aide. Senator Patty Murray, the ranking Democrat on the panel, said on Tuesday she was troubled by the delay and by stories from workers for CKE’s primarily franchised fast-food restaurants who have come forward in recent weeks to complain about wage theft and other labor conditions. “If Mr. Puzder ever does come before our committee, he’s going to have a lot of explaining to do,” she said. Puzder’s nomination has sparked protests around the country by some CKE fast-food workers and the union-backed “Fight for $15” movement to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Puzder has criticized an overtime rule championed by the Obama administration and opposes raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Additionally, some of CKE’s racy advertisements featuring women in bikinis have caused Democrats to ask questions about how Puzder will address sexual harassment in the workplace. It is unclear whether the issues with hiring an undocumented worker could impede Puzder’s confirmation. Wilbur Ross, Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, admitted last month that he recently fired a household employee who could not provide proof of legal status.  A Senate panel later approved his nomination. He was awaiting confirmation by the full Senate. However, previous presidential appointees have run into problems over immigrant labor - including two former nominees under Republican President George W. Bush and a previous nominee under Democratic President Bill Clinton.  All three of those nominees withdrew their names for consideration after the news came to light. ",1
5612,Minnesota governor to undergo surgery for cancer in March,"(Reuters) - Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton will undergo surgery early next month for prostate cancer, he said in a statement Tuesday.  Staff for Dayton, 70, said last week he was weighing treatment options after saying he had cancer in late January. A day before he announced the diagnosis, Dayton collapsed while delivering his state-of-the-state address in St. Paul, but later said he did not think the fainting episode was related to his illness. Dayton will have surgery to remove his prostate on March 2, he said in the statement. The operation will be done at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. Dayton said he will need to spend one night in the hospital. The cancer has not spread beyond his prostate, Dayton said.    Dayton, a Democrat, served six years as a U.S. senator from Minnesota before he was elected to his first term as governor in 2010. His current term runs until early 2018. ",1
5613,Trump: U.S. appeals court should go his way on immigration order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he needed a U.S. appeals court considering the legality of his immigration order to go his way, saying a lot of “bad people” are thinking of coming to the United States. Trump made the comments during an appearance at the White House in which he also criticized Senate delays of his Cabinet nominees, including Scott Pruitt for the Environmental Protection Agency. ",1
5614,"Trump: militant attacks 'all over Europe,' some not reported","TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday accused the news media of ignoring attacks by Islamist militants in Europe. Trump, who has made defeating Islamic State a core goal of his presidency, did not specify which attacks were going unreported, which news media organizations were ignoring them, or offer any details to support his claims. “All over Europe, it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported,” he told a group of about 300 U.S. troops at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida. “And, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons, and you understand that,” he added, without saying what those reasons were. The White House later released a list of 78 attacks around the world from September 2014 to December 2016. “Networks are not devoting to each of them the same level of coverage they once did,” a White House official said. “This cannot be allowed to become the ‘new normal.’”It was Trump’s latest salvo against the news media, a favorite target for derision that he says broadly underestimated his chances during the presidential campaign. He has kept up the attacks since his Jan. 20 inauguration. Trump at one point cited attacks in the French cities of Paris and Nice, which were widely covered. More than 230 people have died in France alone in the past two years at the hands of attackers allied to Islamic State. Al Tompkins at The Poynter Institute, a Florida-based journalism school, dismissed Trump’s criticism. “To suggest that journalists have some reason not to report ISIS attacks is just outlandish,” Tompkins said, using an acronym for Islamic State. ",1
5615,Egypt praises Trump criticism of media coverage of attacks,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt praised on Tuesday U.S President Donald Trump’s criticism of Western media for what he said was their limited coverage of some militant attacks around the world, a statement from the Foreign Ministry said. “The Foreign Ministry hailed the U.S. administration stance in this regard, referring to Egypt’s repeated calls upon the international community to adopt a comprehensive, coordinated and  non-selective strategy to combat terrorism at all levels; security, political, cultural, media and others,” the statement said. ",1
5616,German defense minister to meet U.S.'s Mattis on Friday,"KAUNUS, Lithuania (Reuters) - German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen will meet U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis in Washington on Friday, a ministry spokesman said. Her visit comes ahead of a meeting of NATO defense ministers next week and the Munich Security Conference a week later. Mattis has sought to reassure NATO allies like Germany that the United States remains committed to the alliance despite comments by President Donald Trump that it is obsolete because it failed to protect Europe against Islamist attacks. ",1
5617,Elliott Abrams is Trump's leading candidate for deputy secretary of state: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Elliott Abrams, who served in foreign policy roles for presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, is President Donald Trump’s leading candidate to be deputy secretary of state, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday. Abrams is to meet Trump at the White House on Tuesday along with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Abrams, 69, last served in government in the Bush White House, first as a Middle East expert on the National Security Council and later as a global democracy strategy adviser. Another candidate for the position was former diplomat Paula Dobriansky, the source said, while adding that it appeared Abrams had the inside track. ",1
5618,Democrats question independence of Trump Supreme Court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. senators on Monday sharpened a potential line of attack against Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court by questioning whether he would be sufficiently independent as a justice in light of President Donald Trump’s vigorous use of unilateral presidential power including his travel ban. Their comments came after Trump criticized James Robart, the U.S. district court judge who put on hold the Republican president’s Jan. 27 order temporarily barring entry into the United States of people from seven Muslim-majority nations and halting the U.S. refugee program. Trump called Robart a “so-called judge” who made a “ridiculous” decision. Democrats have expressed worry that Gorsuch, nominated by Trump last week, could act as a rubber stamp for the Republican president’s policies on a nine-seat Supreme Court poised to revert to a conservative majority.  “It’s a serious concern with a president who attacks the judiciary and seems to not respect the rule of law and the Constitution that you have a really independent justice,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer of New York, set to meet with Gorsuch on Tuesday, told Reuters. Gorsuch, continuing a series of private meetings with senators ahead of his Judiciary Committee confirmation hearings, met on Monday with Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the panel’s top Democrat, at her Senate office. Afterward, she said Gorsuch is “clearly very smart, caring, and he’s well thought of in Colorado,” where he serves as a federal appeals court judge. But Feinstein said she will make up her mind after the hearing about whether or not to support his confirmation. “What we would like to see is an independent judge, and the hearing will determine that,” Feinstein told Reuters. Gorsuch must be confirmed by the Senate to the lifetime post on the high court. “It’s incumbent upon Judge Gorsuch to make it clear to the American people that he does not believe in ‘so-called judges,’ that he thinks it’s imperative that the judiciary has to be respected as an independent one-third of our government,”     said Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination last year. “I would look forward to hearing him speak out on that issue,” Sanders added. Conservative lawyers and Republican senators who are favorable toward Gorsuch cite his record of supporting limited federal powers and his skepticism about courts deferring too much to executive branch interpretations of the law when issuing regulations as signs he would be willing to stand up to Trump. “I have zero concerns about his independence being compromised,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a Republican who sits on the Judiciary Committee. Mississippi Senator Roger Wicker, another Republican, said Gorsuch “has a trail of decisions and publications a mile long that suggest how talented he is, that are instructive as to how he would rule on any number of issues.”  With four liberals and four conservatives now on the court, Gorsuch’s confirmation would restore the conservative majority that had existed for decades until the death last year of Justice Antonin Scalia. Gorsuch’s supporters point in particular to a recent case in which Gorsuch criticized a landmark high court ruling known as Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council. That 1984 ruling directed judges nationwide to defer to federal agencies’ interpretation of laws that may be ambiguous. Gorsuch in a concurring opinion called that doctrine the “elephant in the room” that concentrates federal power “in a way that seems more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution.” If Gorsuch is confirmed to serve on a court that would have five conservatives and four liberals, Democrats have expressed concern about setbacks for their positions on divisive issues such as abortion, gun control, environmental regulation and transgender rights. ",1
5619,"California is not 'out of control,' leaders tell Trump","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California leaders pushed back on Monday against President Donald Trump’s claim that the state is “out of control,” pointing to its balanced budget and high jobs numbers in the latest dustup between the populist Republican and the progressive state. The state’s top Democrats called Trump cruel and his proposals unconstitutional after the businessman-turned-politician threatened to withhold federal funding from the most populous U.S. state if lawmakers passed a so-called sanctuary bill aimed at protecting undocumented immigrants. “President Trump’s threat to weaponize federal funding is not only unconstitutional but emblematic of the cruelty he seeks to impose on our most vulnerable communities,” state Senate Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, a Democrat from Los Angeles, said in a statement on Monday. State Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon, an L.A.-area Democrat, said the state has the most manufacturing jobs in the nation, and produces a quarter of the country’s food. “If this is what Donald Trump thinks is ‘out of control,’ I’d suggest other states should be more like us,” Rendon said.  The latest war of words between Trump and Democratic leaders in California, where voters chose his opponent, Hillary Clinton, two-to-one in November’s election, began Sunday, in an interview between Trump and Fox News host Bill O’Reilly. During the interview, O’Reilly asked Trump about a bill in the state legislature, authored by de Leon, to ban law enforcement agencies in the state from cooperating with immigration officials in most circumstances. Cities who have enacted similar bans are known as sanctuary cities, and de Leon’s bill, if passed and signed into law by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, would effectively extend such rules to the entire state. Trump disparaged the bill as ridiculous, saying that sanctuary cities “breed crime.” “We’ll have to, well, de-fund,” Trump said. “We give tremendous amounts of money to California.” Trump went on to say he viewed funding as a weapon. “California in many ways is out of control,” Trump said to O’Reilly. “Obviously the voters agree or otherwise they wouldn’t have voted for me.” Last week, Trump threatened to withhold federal funding from the University of California at Berkeley, where violent protests led to the cancellation of a speech by an editor for the right-wing Breitbart News. But experts said it would be difficult for the President to withhold funds from either the university or the state. Court rulings have limited the power of the president to punish states by withholding funds, and most appropriations come from the Congress and not the executive branch. ",1
5620,U.S. tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban,"(Reuters) - More than 100 companies, including most of high-tech’s biggest names, joined a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, arguing that it would give companies strong incentives to move jobs outside the United States. The companies - including Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Google Inc  (GOOGL.O) and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) - banded together late on Sunday to file a “friend-of-the-court” brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco. They argued that the executive order temporarily banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees “inflicts significant harm on American business.” Elon Musk’s Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) and SpaceX were among other companies signing onto the brief on Monday, raising the number of signatories to 127.  Musk is among the few tech executives on Trump’s business advisory council. He has been forced to defend his participation in recent days, particularly since Uber Technologies Inc’s [UBER.UL] chief executive, Travis Kalanick, quit the group on Thursday following the travel ban.  The new Republican president’s Jan. 27 executive order sparked protests and chaos at U.S. and overseas airports in the weekend that followed. Trump has defended the ban as necessary to ensure tougher vetting of people coming into the United States and better protect the country from the threat of terror attacks.  On Friday, U.S District Judge James Robart in Seattle, ruling on a lawsuit challenging the order filed by Washington state and Minnesota, temporarily lifted the ban. The federal government appealed the decision, which was heavily criticized by Trump.  In their brief, the companies argued that the order created uncertainty for companies depending on talent from overseas and global business travel to innovate and create jobs in the United States. “Highly skilled immigrants will be more interested in working abroad, in places where they and their colleagues can travel freely and with assurance that their immigration status will not suddenly be revoked,” the brief said. “Multinational companies will have strong incentives ... to base operations outside the United States or to move or hire employees and make investments abroad.” “Ultimately, American workers and the economy will suffer as a result,” the companies argued. A major theme of Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign was bringing back jobs he said had been moved to other countries.  Responding to the lawsuit, the federal government argued in legal filings that the president was exercising his constitutional authority to control U.S. borders and that the law allows him to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners who “would be detrimental to the interests of the United States.”  Companies that initially joined the brief included Facebook Inc (FB.O), Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), Intel Corp (INTC.O), eBay Inc (EBAY.O), Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL], as well as non-tech corporations such as Levi Strauss & Co [LEVST.UL] and Chobani Llc.  The brief hailed the contributions inclusive immigration policies have made to the American economy. It said that immigrants or their children have founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.  Trump’s agenda on immigration, trade, cyber security, tax reform and other issues has caused deep consternation in the tech industry. Before the travel ban, most companies said they wanted to work with him and avoided any direct confrontations. But the immigration restrictions provoked a broad backlash in Silicon Valley, where foreign-born nationals are an integral part of the tech economy. There have been peaceful protests at Google and Facebook. Uber was the target of a boycott, and scrambled to reassure its many immigrant drivers that it was on their side. Partly because of pressure from their rank-and-file, big tech companies have separated themselves from much of corporate America in directly confronting Trump policies. Only a handful of non-tech companies joined the friend-of-the-court brief, though some of the lawyers involved said that was mainly because the group came together very quickly through personal contacts. ",1
5621,U.S. House passes bill requiring warrants to search old emails," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Monday to require law enforcement authorities to obtain a search warrant before seeking old emails from technology companies, a win for privacy advocates fearful the Trump administration may work to expand government surveillance powers.  The House passed the measure by a voice vote. But the legislation was expected to encounter resistance in the Senate, where it failed to advance last year amid opposition by a handful of Republican lawmakers after the House passed it unanimously.  Technology companies such as Microsoft (MSFT.O) have lobbied Congress for years to pass the Email Privacy Act, which updates a decades-old law to force authorities to first get a warrant to access emails or other digital communications that are at least 180 days old.  MORE FROM REUTERSChanneling Steve Jobs, Apple seeks design perfection at new 'spaceship' campusFrom disputes to a breakup: wounds still raw after U.S. electionIslamic State sees chance to revive fortunes in Trump presidency Currently, agencies such as the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission only need a subpoena, which is subject to less judicial oversight than a warrant, to seek such data from a service provider - a standard that has existed since the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) was adopted in 1986.  Supporters of the bill passed Monday say it is needed to update an out of date law conceived and written before the rise of the commercial internet.  Richard Salgado, director of law enforcement and information security at Google (GOOGL.O), said in a statement the measure would “fix a constitutional flaw” in the ECPA. “While there are disagreements about other aspects of surveillance reform, there is no disagreement that emails and electronic content deserve Fourth Amendment protections,” he said.  But some senators, including No. 2 Republican John Cornyn, last year sought to use the legislation as a vehicle for amendments that would expand the FBI’s domestic surveillance capabilities, effectively killing the bill.  Debate over law enforcement access to Americans’ electronic communications intensified last year when the FBI sought a court order to make Apple help unlock an encrypted iPhone linked to one of the shooters behind a deadly attack in San Bernardino, California.  Privacy advocates have expressed alarm at President Donald Trump’s ability to expand government spying. The Republican campaigned on a “law and order” platform that included suggestions he may want to place some mosques in the United States under surveillance and maintain a national database on Muslims.  Microsoft last year filed a federal lawsuit against the Justice Department over ECPA, alleging that the government’s use of the law violated the U.S. constitution.  It argued that ECPA is too often used to prevent companies from notifying its users, sometimes indefinitely, when investigators pry into emails and other data stored on remote servers.  ",1
5622,U.S. EPA employees protest Trump's pick to run agency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former and current employees of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency expressed opposition to President Donald Trump’s pick to run the agency on Monday - in an open letter and a small street protest - reflecting divisions over the new administration’s plans to slash regulation. Over 400 former EPA staff members sent a letter to the U.S. Senate asking it to reject the nomination of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt as the agency’s new leader, saying “he has shown no interest in enforcing environmental laws.” In Chicago, around 30 employees of the EPA’s regional office there joined a protest organized by the Sierra Club environmental group and the American Federation of Government Employees to protest Pruitt’s nomination. Doug Eriksen, a spokesman for Trump’s transition team at the EPA, downplayed the Chicago protest, saying “employees have a right to take action on their private time.”     Trump has vowed to cut regulation to revive the oil, gas and coal industries, and has said he can do so without compromising air and water quality. He nominated Pruitt, who has sued the EPA more than a dozen times as Oklahoma’s top prosecutor to block its regulations, to run the agency, sparking alarm among Democrats and environmentalists. Last Thursday, the Senate environment committee approved Pruitt despite a boycott of his nomination by the panel’s Democratic members. He is expected to be confirmed by the full Senate, in Republican control after last November’s election, but a date for the vote has not been set.  The former EPA employees who sent the letter to the Senate wrote that they believed Pruitt has a history of siding with industry and has been reluctant to accept “the strong scientific consensus on climate change.” Employees at the Chicago rally raised concerns that Pruitt may cut employees and resources needed for the agency to enforce environmental regulations.  “The EPA needs to be able to enforce the rules when companies are breaking the law,” said Sherry Estes, an EPA lawyer who participated in the protest. ",1
5623,Elon Musk's Tesla and SpaceX oppose Trump immigration order,"(Reuters) - Elon Musk’s Tesla Inc and SpaceX on Monday joined a legal brief filed by businesses opposed to President Donald Trump’s order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, according to a court filing.  Musk agreed to become part of Trump’s business advisory council in December, and has advocated discussing issues directly with the president. Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick quit the council last week amid mounting pressure over Trump’s immigration policies.  (This story corrects to Muslim-majority ‘countries’ instead of ‘companies’ in first paragraph.) ",1
5624,"U.S. should expand missile defense due to North Korea, Iran: lawmaker","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States should invest more in missile defense given missile testing by North Korea and Iran, the chairman of the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee said on Monday. The comments by Republican Representative Mac Thornberry followed new U.S. sanctions against Iran after Tehran’s recent ballistic missile tests. Washington is also concerned North Korea may be preparing to test a new ballistic missile. Thornberry’s position was a sign of support in Congress for military spending to counter North Korea after President Donald Trump during the 2016 election campaign raised doubts about future U.S. funding to defend allies like South Korea and Japan. “If you look at what’s happening around the world, I would mention Iran and North Korea, the importance of missile defense is increasing,” Thornberry said at a roundtable discussion with reporters. He said there was a need both to provide more systems and to improve missile defense technology. “Actors around the world are building missiles that are harder to stop,” he added. Jim Mattis, Trump’s defense secretary, told South Korea last week that Washington and Seoul would stand “shoulder-to-shoulder” to face the threat from North Korea. Both South Korea and the United States have recommitted to plans to deploy an $800 million advanced missile defense system in South Korea later this year. More broadly, Thornberry also said he expected an end to strict limits on defense spending now that Republicans control both Congress and the White House. The 2011 Budget Control Act imposed across-the-board cuts on government spending, and under former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, congressional Democrats were able to ward off Republican pushes to increase the defense budget without also raising spending on non-defense items such as education and medical research. “I think we have a tremendous opportunity to do the right thing,” Thornberry said. “There’s more of the federal budget being looked at, in play, if you will, than has been the case for many years.” The Trump administration is expected within weeks to send Congress a request for a supplemental bill to increase defense spending this year. ",1
5625,British Speaker opposes letting Trump address parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - The speaker of Britain’s lower house of parliament said on Monday he would not support any plans for U.S. President Donald Trump to address parliament during a state visit planned for later this year, citing Trump’s temporary immigration ban as a factor. More than 1.8 million people in Britain have signed a petition calling for Trump’s planned visit to be canceled or downgraded to avoid embarrassing Queen Elizabeth, part of a grassroots backlash against his immigration policies. Prime Minister Theresa May has defended the decision to offer a state visit, but more than 150 lawmakers have signed a symbolic motion calling for Trump not to be given the honor of speaking in parliament. Asked by an opposition Labour lawmaker about the possibility of a parliamentary address, House of Commons speaker John Bercow said he shared the concerns. “As far as this place (parliament) is concerned, I feel very strongly that our opposition to racism and to sexism and our support for equality before the law and an independent judiciary are hugely important considerations,” Bercow said, earning a round of applause from lawmakers. Trump’s executive order barring entry to the United States for refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries has prompted worldwide protests, including by thousands of demonstrators in London. The temporary immigration ban faced a legal hurdle on Monday that could determine whether he can push through the most controversial and far reaching policy of his first two weeks in office. As one of the key figures whose approval would be needed for a parliamentary address, Bercow said he would oppose any possible move to invite Trump to speak in either of the two locations which host foreign leaders during state visits. In 2011, Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to address both houses of parliament in Westminster Hall, the oldest building in the parliamentary palace, which has also hosted South Africa’s Nelson Mandela and France’s Charles de Gaulle. “Before the imposition of the migrant ban, I would myself have been strongly opposed to an address by President Trump in Westminster Hall. After the imposition of the migrant ban by President Trump, I am even more strongly opposed to an address by President Trump in Westminster Hall,” Bercow said. “An address by a foreign leader to both houses of parliament is not an automatic right; it is an earned honor.”     ",1
5626,White House confident it will 'prevail' on travel ban,"ON BOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House is confident that it will prevail in a legal back-and-forth over President Donald Trump’s executive order to prevent travelers from seven countries entering the United States, spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday. “Clearly the law is on the president’s side,” Spicer told reporters on Air Force One. “He has broad discretion to do what’s in the nation’s best interest to protect our people, and we feel very confident that we will prevail in this matter.” ",1
5627,Kanye West appears to dump Trump with disappearing tweets,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kanye West, one of Donald Trump’s biggest celebrity supporters, appeared to have deleted his tweets about his meeting last year with the then U.S. president-elect in which the two discussed multicultural issues. The influential rapper’s handful of Twitter entries from their Dec. 13 meeting at Trump Tower in New York, where West said he had wanted to discuss “bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums and violence in Chicago,” were missing from his account on Monday. After the meeting, West had also tweeted that he felt it  “important to have a direct line of communication with our future president if we truly want change.” West, 39, emerged as one of Trump’s most high-profile supporters during the 2016 election campaign. He made headlines in November when he was booed at a concert for declaring his support for Trump, although he said he had not voted in the presidential election. It was not clear why the Trump tweets had been deleted but the “Jesus Walks” singer has been the target of outrage and sarcasm from fans on social media following the December meeting. West’s representatives did not return requests for comment. Celebrity website TMZ, quoting an unidentified source, said West had deleted the tweets because he was unhappy about Trump’s actions since taking office. These include a ban on travelers to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim nations and Trump saying he will “send in the Feds” to “fix the horrible ‘carnage’ going on” in Chicago due to high crime rates. West was raised in Chicago. ",1
5628,U.S. and Russian ministries must restore direct links: Russian diplomat,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - One of Russia’s top diplomats said on Monday that government ministries in the United States and Russia should restore direct communications channels with each other as part of a first step to rebuild bilateral ties. U.S. President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have both said they would like to try to mend U.S.-Russia relations that slid to a post-Cold War low after Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea.         Sergei Ryabkov, Russia’s deputy foreign minister, told the Moscow-based Security Index Journal in an interview published on Monday that restoring inter-ministerial and inter-agency ties between the two countries was now essential. “A reset in contacts between ministries and agencies in one form or another has long been needed,” said Ryabkov, saying contacts had been frozen since 2014. Ryabkov, in the same interview, said a Russian proposal to discuss cyber security issues at an inter-agency level with the United States was still on the table.  U.S. intelligence agencies accused Moscow of sponsoring computer hackers to try to influence last year’s U.S. election in Trump’s favor, allegations Russia denies. Ryabkov said Moscow had many questions on cyber security for U.S. officials, citing hacker attacks on Russian web sites. He also dismissed the idea of Moscow agreeing to make nuclear arms cuts in exchange for sanctions relief.   Trump, in a newspaper interview last month, floated the possibility that U.S. sanctions on Russia imposed over Crimea could be lifted as part of a deal involving nuclear cuts. Ryabkov said the idea was “a non-starter.” “We don’t discuss the sanctions and won’t discuss them,” said Ryabkov. ",1
5629,"U.S. Republicans ax disclosure, emissions rules on energy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans on Friday repealed a securities disclosure rule aimed at curbing corruption at energy and mining companies and voted to ax emissions limits on drilling operations, part of a push to remove Obama-era regulations on extractive industries.  In a 52-47 vote, the Republican-controlled Senate approved a resolution to eradicate a rule requiring companies such as Exxon Mobil and Chevron Corp to publicly state taxes and other fees paid to foreign governments like Russia.  The House of Representatives already passed the measure. President Donald Trump is expected to sign it within days. On Thursday, the Senate repealed a rule that would have limited coal companies from dumping waste into streams.  After a number of legal battles, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in June 2016 completed the regulation, which supporters said could help expose questionable financial ties U.S. companies may have with foreign governments. Senate Democrats raised concerns that Exxon’s chief executive during those legal fights was Rex Tillerson, who was recently confirmed as U.S. secretary of state and has worked extensively in Russia. “It should be lost on no one that in less than 48 hours, the Republican-controlled Senate has confirmed the former head of ExxonMobil to serve as our secretary of state, and repealed a key anti-corruption rule that Exxon Mobil and the American Petroleum Institute have erroneously fought for years,” Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland said, referring to the oil industry’s trade group. Exxon and other major energy corporations fought for years to block the rule, required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.  Cardin, the senior Democrat on the foreign relations committee, wrote the Dodd-Frank section on the payments to foreign governments with Richard Lugar, a former Republican senator. Critics of the rule said it duplicated existing regulations,  was too costly and burdensome for companies to implement and that it put U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage with state-owned companies in other countries that do not have to divulge such information. The change could give American companies an edge over Canadian and European companies that face some of the toughest transparency rules in the world.  Republicans have taken advantage of a seldom-used law known as the Congressional Review Act to overturn recently enacted rules with simple majorities in both chambers, denying senators the opportunity to filibuster and stall a vote.  Democrats said Republicans were using the review act to help companies not the public. “When it comes to giving public resources to private interests and gutting our nation’s health, environmental and financial standards, the Republicans can’t seem to act fast enough,” said Representative Raul Grijalva. “Whoever they’re doing this for, it isn’t the American public.”       The Congressional Review Act also bars agencies from revisiting overturned rules, which could pose a legal conundrum for the SEC, which is required by law to enact a payments regulation. The Senate will next consider repealing a rule limiting venting and leaking of the powerful greenhouse gas methane by oil and gas drillers on federal and tribal lands, mostly in the U.S. West. The repeal was passed by the Republican-controlled House on Friday.  The Interior Department finalized the methane rule in November. The oil industry has argued that it would add to costs for new and existing wells. Environmentalists have said the rule would protect human health and return more than $800 million in royalties to taxpayers over 10 years.  ",1
5630,"Trump steps up attack on judge, court system over travel ban","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Sunday ramped up his criticism of a federal judge who blocked a travel ban on seven mainly Muslim nations and said courts were making U.S. border security harder, intensifying the first major legal battle of his presidency. In a series of tweets that broadened his attack on the country’s judiciary, Trump said Americans should blame U.S. District Judge James Robart and the court system if anything happened. Trump did not elaborate on what threats the country potentially faced. He added that he had told the Department of Homeland Security to “check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!” The Republican president labeled Robart a “so-called judge” on Saturday, a day after the Seattle jurist issued a temporary restraining order that prevented enforcement of a 90-day ban on citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day bar on all refugees. A U.S. appeals court later on Saturday denied the government’s request for an immediate stay of the ruling. Vice President Mike Pence defended Trump earlier on Sunday, even as some Republicans encouraged the businessman-turned-politician to tone down his broadsides against the judicial branch of government. “The president of the United States has every right to criticize the other two branches of government,” Pence said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. It is unusual for a sitting president to attack a member of the judiciary, which the U.S. Constitution designates as a check on the power of the executive branch and Congress. U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said Trump seems intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis. Some Republicans also expressed discomfort with the situation. “I think it is best not to single out judges for criticism,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on CNN’s “State of the Union” program. “We all get disappointed from time to time at the outcome in courts on things that we care about. But I think it is best to avoid criticizing judges individually.” Republican Senator Ben Sasse, a vocal critic of Trump, was less restrained. “We don’t have so-called judges ... we don’t have so-called presidents, we have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution,” he said on the ABC News program “This Week.”     The ruling by Robart, appointed by former Republican President George W. Bush, coupled with the decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco to deny the government’s request for an immediate stay of the ruling dealt a blow to Trump barely two weeks into his presidency.  It could also be the precursor to months of legal challenges to his push to clamp down on immigration, including through the construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border, and complicate the confirmation battle of his U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. The Senate’s top Democrat, Chuck Schumer, said on Saturday that Gorsuch, a conservative federal appeals court judge from Colorado, must meet a higher bar to show his independence from the president. Trump, who during his presidential campaign called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, has vowed to reinstate his controversial travel ban. He says the measures are needed to protect the United States from Islamist militants. Critics say they are unjustified and discriminatory. The legal limbo will prevail at least until the federal appeals court rules on the government’s application for an emergency stay of Robart’s ruling. The court was awaiting further submissions from the states of Washington and Minnesota on Sunday, and from the federal government on Monday. The final filing was due at 5 p.m. PST on Monday (0100 GMT on Tuesday). The uncertainty has created what may be a short-lived opportunity for travelers from the seven affected countries as well as refugees to get into the United States.   Sara Yarjani, an Iranian student with a U.S. visa who was attempting to return to Los Angeles to visit her parents, was among those who boarded flights to the United States after learning that Trump’s travel ban had been blocked. Her visa had been stamped “revoked” and she was sent back to Vienna last week. She was slated to arrive in Los Angeles on Sunday, according to her sister, Sahara Muranovic.  “This is our only window,” Muranovic said. “Maybe they’ll blow it again by Monday.” Trump’s Jan. 27 travel restrictions have drawn protests in the United States, provoked criticism from U.S. allies and created chaos for thousands of people who have, in some cases, spent years seeking asylum. Reacting to the latest court ruling, Iraqi government spokesman Saad al-Hadithi said: “It is a move in the right direction to solve the problems that it caused.” In his ruling on Friday, Robart questioned the use of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States as a justification for the ban, saying no attacks had been carried out on U.S. soil by individuals from the seven affected countries since then. For Trump’s order to be constitutional, Robart said, it had to be “based in fact, as opposed to fiction”. The 9/11 attacks were carried out by hijackers from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Lebanon, whose nationals were not affected by the order. In a series of tweets on Saturday, Trump attacked Hobart’s opinion as ridiculous. “What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?” he asked. Trump told reporters at his private Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida late on Saturday: “We’ll win. For the safety of the country we’ll win.” The Justice Department’s appeal criticized Robart’s reasoning, saying the ruling violated the separation of powers and stepped on the president’s authority as commander-in-chief. It said the state of Washington lacked standing to challenge Trump’s order and denied it “favors Christians at the expense of Muslims.”The U.S. State Department and Department of Homeland Security said they were complying with Robart’s ruling and many visitors were expected to start arriving on Sunday, while the government said it expected to begin admitting refugees again onMonday. A spokesman for the International Organization for Migration, Leonard Doyle, confirmed on Sunday that about 2,000 refugees were ready to travel to the United States. “We expect a small number of refugees to arrive in the U.S. on Monday, Feb. 6th. They are mainly from Jordan and include people fleeing war and persecution in Syria,” he said in an email. Iraqi Fuad Sharef, his wife and three children spent two years obtaining U.S. visas. They had packed up to move to America last week, but were turned back to Iraq after a failed attempt to board a U.S.-bound flight from Cairo. On Sunday, the family checked in for a Turkish Airlines flight to New York from Istanbul. “Yeah, we are very excited. We are very happy,” Sharef told Reuters TV. “Finally, we have been cleared. We are allowed to enter the United States.” ",1
5631,The Trump presidency on Feb. 5 at 7:10 P.M. EST,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Sunday: Trump ramps up his criticism of a federal judge who blocked a travel ban on seven mainly Muslim nations and says courts were making U.S. border security harder, intensifying the first major legal battle of his presidency. Many of those caught up in Trump’s travel ban last weekend took advantage of a federal judge’s order temporarily suspending the order to complete their disrupted journeys to the United States. Trump faces an uphill battle to overcome a federal judge’s temporary hold on his travel ban, but the outcome of a ruling on the executive order’s ultimate legality is less certain, experts say Several technology companies plan to send a letter Trump on Monday urging his administration to follow through on proposed changes to the travel ban, sources familiar with the letter say. Washington state’s lawsuit challenging Trump’s executive order on immigration emerged out of a chaotic, 48-hour period in which the need for immediate action held sway over the kind of carefully thought-out strategizing that usually leads up to the filing of a major legal complaint, according to state Attorney General Bob Ferguson and other attorneys involved in actions against the order. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel says he was reassured after meetings last week with top U.S. officials that the United States is committed to a united Europe and to the NATO alliance. Despite declarations of unity at a recent European Union summit in Malta, EU countries are split on how to respond to policies from Trump, who has reversed staunch postwar U.S. support for European integration and suggested others follow Britain out of a bloc he has called “a vehicle for Germany.” Trump’s first two weeks in office have left some European politicians leaders aghast but are drawing cheers from France’s far-right National Front, as its leader, Marine Le Pen, launches her own bid for power. The governor of Colorado says he believes the Cuban government wants to further improve relations with the United States under Trump, as he wraps up a three-day visit to the Communist-run island nation. Trump says in remarks broadcast on Sunday that he would put Vice President Mike Pence in charge of a commission to probe what he believes was voter fraud in last November’s election. ",1
5632,Trump faces uphill battle to overcome court's hold on travel ban,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump faces an uphill battle to overcome a federal judge’s temporary hold on his travel ban on seven mainly Muslim countries, but the outcome of a ruling on the executive order’s ultimate legality is less certain.  Any appeals of decisions by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart in Seattle face a regional court dominated by liberal-leaning judges who might not be sympathetic to Trump’s rationale for the ban, and a currently shorthanded Supreme Court split 4-4 between liberals and conservatives. The temporary restraining order Robart issued on Friday in Seattle, which applies nationwide, gives him time to consider the case in more detail, but also sends a signal that he is likely to impose a more permanent injunction.    The Trump administration has appealed that order. The San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said late on Saturday that it would not decide whether to lift the judge’s ruling, as requested by the U.S. government, until it receives briefs from both sides, with the administration’s filing due on Monday. Appeals courts are generally leery of upending the status quo, which in this case - for now - is the suspension of the ban.  The upheaval prompted by the new Republican administration’s initial announcement of the ban on Jan. 27, with travelers detained at airports upon entering the country, would potentially be kickstarted again if Robart’s stay was lifted. The appeals court might also take into account the fact that there are several other cases around the country challenging the ban. If it were to overturn the district court’s decision, another judge somewhere else in the United States could impose a new order, setting off a new cascade of court filings.  If the appeals court upholds the order, the administration could immediately ask the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene. But the high court is generally reluctant to get involved in cases at a preliminary stage, legal experts said. The high court is short one justice, as it has been for a year, leaving it split between liberals and conservatives. Any emergency request by the administration would need five votes to be granted, meaning at least one of the liberals would have to vote in favor.  “I think the court’s going to feel every reason to stay on the sidelines as long as possible,” said Steve Vladeck, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. Trump last week nominated a conservative appeals court judge, Neil Gorsuch, to fill the vacancy, but he will not be sitting on the Supreme Court for at least two months. Gorsuch’s vote, if he is confirmed by the U.S. Senate, could come into play if the case were to reach the court at a later stage of the litigation. Once the case proceeds past the injunction stage of the litigation and onto the merits of whether the order is legally sound, legal experts differ over how strong the government’s case would be.  Richard Primus, a professor of constitutional law at the University of Michigan Law School, said the administration could struggle to convince courts that the ban was justified by national security concerns.  The Supreme Court has previously rejected the idea that the government does not need to offer a basis for its actions in the national security context, including the landmark 1971 Pentagon Papers case, in which the administration of President Richard Nixon tried unsuccessfully to prevent the press from publishing information about United States policy toward Vietnam. “The government’s argument so far in support of the order is pretty weak,” Primus said. Jonathan Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Law, said the administration has legal precedent on its side, with the courts generally deferential to executive action on immigration.  However, he said it is unusual for the courts to be asked to endorse “a policy that appears to have been adopted in as kind of haphazard and arbitrary way as this one appears to have been.” ",1
5633,"'So-called judge' derided by Trump known for fairness, work with youth"," (Corrects first paragraph to make it “jurist” instead of “justice” as Robart is not a justice) By Mica Rosenberg and Nathan Layne (Reuters) - U.S. Judge James Robart emerged from relative obscurity on Saturday as the first jurist to come under fire from the president since he took office after his temporary order to lift Donald Trump’s immigration ban. In a reaction that went viral on Twitter, Trump called the 69-year-old Robart a “so-called judge” whose “ridiculous” opinion “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country.” To those who know Robart, who has been on the federal bench in Seattle for more than a decade after his appointment by another Republican, President George W. Bush, the ensuing drama surrounding the move was a far cry from the judge’s standard. “He is relatively apolitical,” said Douglas Adkins, a private equity investor and former investment banker who has known Robart since childhood. “He’s not a conservative or a liberal. He’s a man interested in the law and fairness.” Late on Friday, Robart grabbed national headlines with his decision to temporarily lift Trump’s week-old travel ban for citizens of seven mainly Muslim countries and refugees. His ruling was just a first step in considering the merits of the case challenging the ban. The Justice Department on Saturday filed a formal notice that it intends to appeal the ruling. As a candidate, Trump had criticized federal judge Gonzalo Curiel, who was overseeing a case against his Trump University - arguing Curiel could not be impartial because of his Mexican heritage and Trump’s vow to crack down on Mexican immigrants. But by lashing out at Robart as president, Trump’s anti-judiciary stance takes on new importance: it hits at the very heart of the checks and balances system meant to protect the country from government abuse of power.         Coincidentally, in his wide-reaching ruling on Friday, Robart emphasized that the three branches of government - the executive branch, Congress and the judiciary - should function as equals. “The work of the Judiciary, and this court, is limited to ensuring that the actions taken by the other two branches comport with our country’s laws, and more importantly, our constitution,” Robart wrote.  Reached by email, Robart declined to comment on Trump’s tweets. A graduate of Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, and Georgetown University Law Center, Robart spent 30 years in private practice at the law firm now known as Lane Powell, before being appointed to the bench by Bush in 2004. Adkins said Robart and his wife have no children but have been foster parents to several immigrant children over the years, primarily from Southeast Asia. Robart could not be reached for comment.  The judge served in the past as the president of the Seattle Children’s Home and was a former trustee of the Children’s Home Society of Washington, according to his official biography on the federal court website. Those organizations provide mental health services for at-risk youth and help troubled families. “His involvement with children may have helped contribute to his understanding of the people impacted by this ruling but would not have shaped his interpretation of the rule of law,” said Paul Lawrence, who was one of the attorneys who filed an amicus brief backing Washington State in the immigration case. During his confirmation hearing, Robart recalled providing pro-bono legal services early in his career to “people who in many times felt that the legal system was stacked against them.” He said he learned that the law “could be, if properly used, an opportunity for them to seek redress if they had been wronged,” according to a transcript of the testimony. Often sporting bow-ties with his black robes, Robart is known for saying from the bench in 2016 that “black lives matter.” He cited the statement popularized by protesters during a hearing about a 2012 consent decree with the federal government that required the Seattle police department to address allegations of bias and excessive force. In 2011, Robart put a temporary hold on a state rule change that would have cut government funding for disabled children and families in Washington.  “When faced with a conflict between the financial and budgetary concerns ... and the preventable human suffering,” Robart wrote in that opinion, “the balance of hardships tips in the favor of preventing human suffering.” Adkins said he thought his friend would be able to take Trump’s attacks in stride. “His view is that criticism is important,” said Adkins.   ",1
5634,Trump says Pence will lead voter fraud panel,"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said in remarks broadcast on Sunday that he would put Vice President Mike Pence in charge of a commission to probe what he believes was voter fraud in last November’s election.		 There is an overwhelming consensus among state officials, election experts, and politicians that voter fraud is rare in the United States, but Trump has repeatedly said he thinks perhaps millions of votes cast in the Nov. 8 election were fraudulent. “I’m going to set up a commission to be headed by Vice President Pence and we’re going to look at it very, very carefully,” Trump told Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly in an interview taped on Friday. Trump, who was spending the weekend at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, captured the presidency by winning enough of the state-by-state Electoral College votes to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton. Still, Clinton won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes, piling up an overwhelming majority in deeply Democratic states like California. This has irked Trump and as a result he has claimed voter fraud without evidence. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said on CNN’s “State of the Union” that election fraud does occur but that “there is no evidence that it occurred in such a significant number that would have changed the presidential election.” “And I don’t think we ought to spend any federal money investigating that. I think the states can take a look at this issue,” he said. ",1
5635,Iraq says ruling against Trump travel ban is move in right direction,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq is satisfied with a U.S. appeals court ruling against a travel ban imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump, a government spokesman said on Sunday. The ruling given late on Saturday denied a request from the U.S. Department of Justice to immediately restore Trump’s order, which a judge in Washington state had blocked on Friday. “It is a move in the right direction to solve the problems that it caused,” the Iraqi spokesman, Saad al-Hadithi, told Reuters. Trump’s executive order last week put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven majority Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Religious minorities persecuted by the Islamic State group, and other Iraqis fleeing violence, were among those affected. The ban would have prevented a total of 20,000 people in “precarious circumstances” in the seven countries targeted from  resettling in the U.S. during the 120 days covered by the suspension, according to the United Nations. Baghdad protested against the ban, calling it unfair and saying that no Iraqi had been involved in attacks on U.S. soil. But it refrained from retaliating as it seeks to maintain U.S. support for Iraqi forces battling Islamic State in Mosul. The U.S. has more than 5,000 troops deployed in Iraq, providing critical air and ground support for Iraqi and Kurdish forces fighting the militants, who declared a self-styled caliphate over parts of Syria and Iraq in 2014.     ",1
5636,"In Cuba visit, Colorado governor sees government desire to work with Trump","HAVANA (Reuters) - The governor of Colorado said on Sunday he believes the Cuban government wants to further improve relations with the United States under President Donald Trump, as he wrapped up a three-day visit to the Communist-run island nation. “They seemed eager for the chance to build a relationship with President Trump and have it be a constructive one,” Governor John Hickenlooper, a Democrat, said of his meeting with Cuba’s point person for U.S. relations, Josefina Vidal. He said in an interview that Vidal, director of U.S. affairs at the Cuban foreign ministry, and other foreign ministry officials “were cautiously optimistic.” “They realize they have to wait and that the new administration has a lot of things going on. They understand things could change in some ways, but I didn’t sense there was any fear or some sort of depression,” the governor said. Hickenlooper, who traveled with a cultural and business delegation, was the highest-ranking elected U.S. official to meet with Vidal since Trump assumed office last month. Trump has said he wanted a better deal than that brokered by his predecessor, Barack Obama. On Friday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said a “full review” of America’s foreign policy toward Cuba was underway. Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro stunned the world in December 2014 when they announced the two governments would restore diplomatic ties after more than 50 years of Cold War hostilities and work to normalize relations. The Colorado governor said the purpose of his trip was to view post-Fidel Castro Cuba and invite the country to his state’s Biennial of the Americas, which brings together the cultures, businesses and ideas of North and South America. Hickenlooper said the Cubans had enthusiastically accepted the invitation to attend the event in September. Hickenlooper said he did not doubt many innocent people were hurt during the early years of the Revolution, but most of those involved had passed away. “The younger people seem eager to build a relationship with the United States,” he said. The governor, a former entrepreneur and restaurant owner, spent a day meeting with small business owners and said he had visited five private eateries. “I was surprised. One has this vision of everyone being downtrodden, and there was so much optimism and positive energy,” he said. “Some of the business people did say if you see President Trump please tell him to let us keep the beginnings of this new inspiration,” he said. ",1
5637,Trump's whirlwind start draws admiration on French far-right,"LYON, France (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s first two weeks in office have left some European politicians leaders aghast but are drawing cheers from France’s far-right National Front (FN) as its leader Marine Le Pen launches her own bid for power. Buoyed by Trump’s election and Britain’s shock ‘Brexit’ vote to quit the European Union, the anti-immigration, anti-EU FN hopes Le Pen can ride the same populist wave to victory in this spring’s presidential election. Since taking office on Jan. 20, Trump has moved quickly to implement his “America First” vision by pulling out of a Pacific trade deal, barring travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and confirming his intention to build a wall along the border with Mexico, among a flurry of other executive orders, though the travel ban has since been blocked by a judge. His actions have provoked condemnation from some European governments and prompted one EU leader, European Council President Donald Tusk, to say he poses a “threat” to the bloc, alongside Russia, China and Islamist militants. But they win approving responses from members of the FN, which favors curbing migration, rejecting international trade treaties and introducing “intelligent protectionism” to support  French firms. “What surprises me is not what Donald Trump does, but that people are surprised that a candidate elected on a program actually implements it,” said Victor Birra, a 23-year-old business school student. “Here, politicians have been elected for 40 years on manifestos they never implement,” said Birra, who heads the FN youth section in the city of Lyon, where Le Pen launched her campaign at the weekend. “I think it’s a good thing that he puts Americans first.” Claire Richert, a 69 year-old retired teacher who joined the FN three years ago, agreed. “He’s taking measures to protect his country against terrorism and that’s a good thing,” she said. She said a similar ban could help protect France, where Islamic State militants have killed more than 230 people in a series of attacks over the past two years. The FN is not the only group in Europe to be embracing Trump. Austria’s far-right Freedom Party and the former leader of the UK Independence Party, Nigel Farage, are among his fans. Le Pen herself was spotted on a visit to the Trump Tower in New York last month. Top FN officials share the rank-and-file’s positive view of the new U.S. president. “He’s been implementing some measures we’ve had in our program for a long time, so we won’t say we’re surprised or opposed to it,” said Jean Messiha, who has been overseeing the drafting of Le Pen’s presidential manifesto. “He’s doing it the American way and there are some things we wouldn’t do here,” he said. But he added: “Each should do as they wish in their own country according to their country’s best interest.” Opinion polls suggest 48-year-old Le Pen is likely to follow in the footsteps of her father Jean-Marie, who made it through to the run-off of the 2002 presidential election but was defeated by Jacques Chirac. Current surveys show she is likely to lose in the second round to independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, who has surged at the expense of scandal-hit conservative candidate Francois Fillon. But after Trump’s shock win over Hillary Clinton in November, Le Pen supporters believe anything can happen. “We were told that it was absolutely impossible for Trump to win the election. He was elected,” said William Penel, a 24-year-old bank employee from Marseille. “We were told the British would never leave the European Union ... but the Brexit was voted for. “Why couldn’t we do the same?” ",1
5638,Tale of Two Donalds: Trump gives Europe splitting headache,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - “Our Donald”, or “the other Donald”? European Union leaders meeting in Malta found themselves taking sides, between their summit chairman, “our Donald” Tusk, and the new U.S. president, Donald Trump. But despite declarations of unity, EU states are split on how to respond to policies from a man who has reversed staunch postwar U.S. support for European integration and suggested others follow Britain out of a bloc he has called “a vehicle for Germany”. Tusk, a former Polish prime minister, said EU leaders gave him the “our Donald” nickname in Malta. He presented it as a sign of their support, saying before the summit that Trump posed a “threat” to the bloc, alongside Russia, China and violent Islam. “The mood in the room was ‘our Donald’ and ‘the other Donald’,” said one person present at the talks, where Tusk also felt confident enough in his support to confirm he wants a second term as president of the European Council. His political enemies in the Warsaw government publicly disavowed any sense of unanimity behind Tusk, however, calling his criticism of Trump a “gross abuse” and accusing him of “sowing fear” and “seeking confrontation”.  Others, less publicly, said there was wider disquiet that the EU could turn its back on its Transatlantic relationship. Such internal arguments pit historic unease, especially in France, over U.S. influence against fears of weakening a Western front against Russia and, increasingly, China. How they play out will help shape Trump’s hopes, for example, of saving U.S. money spent on NATO and shifting world trade in Americans’ favor. They will also flavor the EU’s Brexit talks with London - where Prime Minister Theresa May sees Britain being a bridge between Washington and Brussels - as well as efforts by some states to tighten cooperation on euro zone economic policies and other areas, notably an independent EU military capability. As a Pole well aware it is U.S. forces that underpin NATO’s security guarantees in eastern Europe, Tusk nuanced his call to Europeans to pull together to defend their independent interests against the “superpowers, the United States, Russia and China” with an appeal to Americans to preserve “the Transatlantic bond without which global order and peace cannot survive”. But some leaders worry Trump’s coolness toward NATO and the exit of well-armed Britain will fuel ambitions for Europeans to loosen that bond - notably in Paris, which has often chafed at “Anglo-American” influence and where officials say Trump shows France has been right to seek “strategic autonomy” for the EU. “The French ... are as usual saying ‘It’s just the European Union now; there’s no such thing as the West’,” said a senior eastern European diplomat, criticizing Paris’s view.  “The Germans are much more cautious. There is a clear issue to be decided on whether we should seek a common ground to engage with the United States, or turn our backs.” As EU leaders prepare to map out a post-Brexit strategy at a 60th anniversary summit in Rome next month, French President Francois Hollande criticized Trump and eastern European governments he accused of raking in EU subsidies but then breaking ranks and undermining the bloc by seeking special favor from Washington. Many in the east are especially alarmed by Trump’s warmer tone toward Russia but some back his entry ban on Muslims, which echoes their own criticisms of EU refugee policies. German Chancellor Angela Merkel took a less confrontational tone but stressed the need for “multilateralism” - a prod to Trump not to try and circumvent the EU by talking only to national leaders, and to Europeans to speak with a single voice. Whether “the other Donald” gets that message is another matter, given a seemingly hazy grasp on who is who in Brussels. The tycoon-turned-president told an interviewer last month he had spoken to “the head of the European Union” and named his interlocutor as Jean-Claude Juncker, the EU chief executive.  In fact, however, he had spoken to “our Donald”, Tusk.  “Sometimes I have an impression that the new administration does not know the EU in detail,” Juncker said drily on Friday. “But, in Europe, details matter.” ",1
5639,Trump: U.S. will win appeal of judge's travel ban order,"WASHINGTON/PALM BEACH, Fla (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the Justice Department will win an appeal filed late Saturday of a judge’s order lifting a travel ban he had imposed on citizens of seven mainly Muslim countries. “We’ll win. For the safety of the country, we’ll win,” he told reporters at his private Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, shortly after the Justice Department filed a notice that it intends to appeal the order. Trump’s personal attack on U.S. District Judge James Robart in Seattle went too far for some who said the president was undermining an institution designed to check the power of the White House and Congress. “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” Trump said on Twitter early on Saturday. Trump has said “extreme vetting” of refugees and immigrants is needed to prevent terrorist attacks. Throughout the day, Trump continued to criticize the decision in tweets. Late Saturday, Trump showed no signs of backing down. “The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!” he tweeted. As the ban lifted, refugees and thousands of travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen who had been stopped in their tracks last weekend by Trump’s executive order scrambled to get flights to quickly enter the United States. The Justice Department did not say when it would file its appeal with the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals of the ruling made by Robart late on Friday that also lifted Trump’s temporary ban imposed on refugee admissions. The judge appointed by former Republican President George W. Bush questioned the constitutionality of Trump’s order.  The three-judge panel that will decide whether to immediately block the ruling includes appointees of George W. Bush and two former Democratic presidents, Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama. Trump’s tweets criticizing the judge’s decision could make it tougher for Justice Department attorneys as they seek to defend the executive order in Washington state and other courts, said Jonathan Turley, a law professor at George Washington University, adding that presidents are usually circumspect about commenting on government litigation. “It’s hard for the president to demand that courts respect his inherent authority when he is disrespecting the inherent authority of the judiciary. That certainly tends to poison the well for litigation,” Turley said. U.S. immigration advocacy groups including the American Civil Liberties Union and International Refugee Assistance Project on Saturday in a joint statement urged those with now valid visas from the seven nations “to consider rebooking travel to the United States immediately” because the ruling could be overturned or put on hold. A U.S. State Department email reviewed by Reuters said the department is working to begin admitting refugees including Syrians as soon as Monday. It is unusual for a president to attack a member of the judiciary, which the U.S. Constitution designates as a check to the power of the executive branch and Congress. Reached by email Saturday, Robart declined comment on Trump’s tweets. Democratic U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont said in a statement Saturday that Trump’s “hostility toward the rule of law is not just embarrassing, it is dangerous. He seems intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis.” “Read the ‘so-called’ Constitution,” tweeted Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee. In an interview with ABC scheduled to air on Sunday, Vice President Mike Pence said he did not think that Trump’s criticisms of the judge undermined the separation of powers. “I think the American people are very accustomed to this president speaking his mind and speaking very straight with them,” Pence said, according to an excerpt of the interview. The court ruling was the first move in what could be months of legal challenges to Trump’s push to clamp down on immigration. His order set off chaos last week at airports across the United States where travelers were stranded and thousands of people gathered to protest. Americans are divided over Trump’s order. A Reuters/Ipsos poll this week showed 49 percent favored it while 41 percent did not. Wes Parker, a retiree from Long Beach, California, held a sign saying “Trump is love” at the Los Angeles International Airport, and said he supported the tighter measures. “We just have to support the travel pause,” said Parker, 62. “If you were a new president coming in, wouldn’t you want what you feel safe with?” Rights groups, Democrats and U.S. allies have condemned the travel ban as discriminatory. On Saturday, there were protests against the immigrant curb in Washington, New York, Los Angeles and other cities. At the White House, hundreds of protesters chanted “Donald, Donald can’t you see? You’re not welcome in D.C.” The sudden reversal of the ban catapulted would-be immigrants back to airports, with uncertainty over how long the window to enter the United States will remain open. In Erbil, the capital of the Kurdish region of northern Iraq, Fuad Sharef and his family prepared to fly on Saturday to Istanbul and then New York before starting a new life in Nashville, Tennessee. “I am very happy that we are going to travel today. Finally, we made it,” said Sharef, who was stopped from boarding a New York-bound flight last week. The Department of Homeland Security said on Saturday it would return to its normal procedures for screening travelers  but that the Justice Department would file for an emergency stay of the order “at the earliest possible time.” Some travelers told Reuters they were cautious about the sudden change. “I will not say if I have hope or not. I wait, watch and then I build my hopes,” said Josephine Abu Assaleh, 60, who was stopped from entering the United States after landing in Philadelphia last week with five members of her family. “We left the matter with the lawyers. When they tell us the decision has been canceled, we will decide whether to go back or not,” she told Reuters in Damascus, speaking by telephone. Virtually all refugees also were barred by Trump’s order, upending the lives of thousands of people who have spent years seeking asylum in the United States. Friday night’s court decision sent refugee advocacy and resettlement agencies scrambling to help people in the pipeline. Iraqi refugee Nizar al-Qassab, 52, told Reuters in Lebanon that his family had been due to travel to the United States for resettlement on Jan. 31. The trip was canceled two days before that and he was now waiting for a phone call from U.N. officials overseeing their case.  “It’s in God’s hands,” he said. ",1
5640,Kuwait denies it imposed travel ban praised by Trump,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait has denied a media report which said it had imposed a travel ban on citizens from several Muslim-majority countries, a story which U.S. President Donald Trump praised on Facebook. “Smart!” a post on Trump’s official Facebook page said on Thursday, linking to a report on Jordanian news website Al Bawaba which alleged that Kuwait had “mirrored” a decision by the Trump administration to temporarily bar travelers from several countries. The article alleged that “Syrians, Iraqis, Iranians, Pakistanis and Afghans” would not be allowed to enter the Gulf state “while the blanket ban is in place”. But Kuwait’s foreign ministry refuted the report, which was widely picked up by news websites popular with Trump supporters including Breitbart, Infowars and Sputnik. Kuwait “categorically denies these claims and affirms that these reported nationalities ... have big communities in Kuwait and enjoy full rights,” a ministry spokesman was quoted as saying on state news agency KUNA on Friday. Citizens of the countries mentioned visit Kuwait regularly, it added. Confusion and protests at airports greeted the executive order Trump signed last weekend to bar for 90 days entry into the United States by travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Representatives of the proscribed countries as well as several neighboring nations condemned the move, but Trump on his Twitter account said the initiative enjoyed support in the region. “Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it’s death & destruction!” he wrote. The United Arab Emirates was one country which did publicly give the ban a measured response. Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed called the ban an internal U.S. matter which did not target Muslims. ",1
5641,U.S. appeals court denies request to restore Trump's immigration ban,"(Reuters) - A U.S. appeal court late on Saturday denied an emergency appeal from the U.S. Department of Justice to restore an immigration order from President Donald Trump barring citizens from seven mainly Muslim countries and temporarily banning refugees. “Appellants’ request for an immediate administrative stay pending full consideration of the emergency motion for a stay pending appeal is denied,” the ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit said. It said a reply from the Department in support of the emergency appeal was due on Monday. The Department filed the appeal a day after a federal judge in Seattle ordered Trump’s travel ban to be lifted. The president’s Jan. 27 order had barred admission of citizens from the seven nations for 90 days. ",1
5642,Justice Department appeals judge's immigration order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department filed an appeal late Saturday to restore President Donald Trump’s immigration order barring citizens from seven mainly Muslim countries and temporarily banning refugees, even as travelers raced to enter the country while the ban was lifted. The government moved to reverse a federal judge’s Friday order that lifted the travel ban and warned the decision posed an immediate harm to the public, thwarted enforcement of an executive order and “second-guesses the president’s national security judgment about the quantum of risk posed by the admission of certain classes of (non-citizens) and the best means of minimizing that risk.”  Friday’s ruling prompted Trump to denounce the “so-called” judge in a series of tweets on Saturday..  The appeal now goes to a three-judge panel which can act at anytime to uphold the order or suspend it pending a full appeal. A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment beyond the filing. A ruling could come at any time. Seattle U.S. District Judge James Robart’s decision barred the administration from enforcing the sweeping order that also indefinitely barred Syrian refugee admissions and prompted large protests across the United States.  Trump, whose personal attack on Robart, decrying his opinion as “ridiculous,” went too far for some who said the president was undermining an institution designed to check the power of the White House and Congress, said he was confident the government would prevail. “We’ll win. For the safety of the country, we’ll win,” he told reporters in Florida. Robart’s ruling came in a case brought by the state attorney general of Washington state and was backed by major state employers Amazon.com Inc and Expedia Inc.. The lawsuit is one of several now filed against the Trump executive order around the United States, but it was the first case leading to a broad decision that applies nationwide. The Justice Department appeal criticized Robart’s legal reasoning, saying it violates the separation of powers and steps on the president’s authority as commander chief. The appeal said the state of Washington lacked standing to challenge the order and denied that the order “favors Christians at the expense of Muslims.” Congress gave the president “the unreviewable authority to suspend the admission of any class” of visitor, the Justice Department wrote. “Courts are particularly ill-equipped to second-guess the president’s prospective judgment about future risks,” the appeal said, calling the decision “vastly overbroad.” Washington state lawyers worked around the clock last weekend against the backdrop of turbulent scenes at U.S. airports, where immigrants were detained by federal officials unprepared to implement the president’s directive. A spokesman for Washington state attorney general Bob Ferguson didn’t immediately comment early Sunday. The U.S. State Department and Department of Homeland Security said they were complying with Robart’s order and many visitors are expected to start arriving on Sunday, while the government said it expects to begin admitting refugees again on Monday. A decision to reinstate Trump’s order could again cause havoc at U.S. airports because some visitors are in transit, as was the case when the order took effect on Jan. 27. As the ban lifted Friday, refugees and thousands of travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen who had been stopped in their tracks last weekend by the  executive order scrambled to get flights to quickly enter the United States. The panel that will decide whether to immediately block the ruling includes three judges appointed by former Republican president George W. Bush and two former Democratic presidents, Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama. U.S. immigration advocacy groups including the American Civil Liberties Union on Saturday in a joint statement urged those with now valid visas from the seven nations “to consider rebooking travel to the United States immediately” because the ruling could be overturned or put on hold. A U.S. State Department email reviewed by Reuters said the department is working to begin admitting refugees including Syrians as soon as Monday. Trump’s Jan. 27 order had barred admission of citizens from seven majority Muslim nations for 90 days, suspended all refugee admissions for 120 days and indefinitely barred Syrian refugees.  It is unusual for a president to attack a member of the judiciary, which the U.S. Constitution designates as a check to the power of the executive branch and Congress. Reached by email Saturday, Robart declined comment on Trump’s tweets. Democratic U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont said in a statement Saturday that Trump’s “hostility toward the rule of law is not just embarrassing, it is dangerous. He seems intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis.” In an interview with ABC scheduled to air Sunday, Vice President Mike Pence said he did not think that Trump’s criticisms of the judge undermined the separation of powers. The court ruling was the first move in what could be months of legal challenges to Trump’s push to clamp down on immigration. The sudden reversal of the ban catapulted would-be immigrants back to airports, with uncertainty over how long the window to enter the United States will remain open. In Erbil, the capital of the Kurdish region of northern Iraq, Fuad Sharef and his family prepared to fly on Saturday to Istanbul and then New York before starting a new life in Nashville, Tennessee. Virtually all refugees also were barred by Trump’s order, upending the lives of thousands of people who have spent years seeking asylum in the United States. ",1
5643,"U.S. moves to resume admitting refugees, including Syrians","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Saturday moved to begin admitting refugees, including Syrians, as soon as Monday after a federal judge on Friday blocked a Trump administration temporary ban on refugee admissions.An email from the State Department’s refugee office reviewed by Reuters Saturday said the U.S. government is working with its legal team and interagency and overseas partners to comply with the ruling. Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order had suspended refugee admissions for 120 days and indefinitely barred Syrian refugees but U.S. Judge James Robart in Seattle on Friday blocked the president’s order. A U.S. State Department official told Reuters on Saturday that officials “expect some refugees to arrive Monday.” The U.S. instructed the International Organization for Migration “to rebook refugees of all nationalities, including Syrians, who were” to schedule to arrive since the Trump’s order was signed, the email said. “We are focusing on booking refugee travel through February 17. We are asking that arrivals resume this Monday, the first normal travel day of the week, if possible.  We are aware that some refugees may not be ready to depart on short notice,” the email said. A United Nations spokesman, Leonard Doyle, told the New York Times about 2,000 refugees were ready to travel. Refugees do not usually enter on weekends, a U.S. official said, as the department hews to a strict set of rules on how their admissions are processed.  Other travelers from seven Muslim majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s week-old curb on immigration can rework their flights after the judge’s order, as long as they have valid visas.  Refugees fleeing war, hunger and persecution have less autonomy. Advocates working on their behalf urged the government to move quickly on admitting them.       International Refugee Assistance Project Director Becca Heller called for “the instant resumption of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program to immediately take the most vulnerable refugees out of harm’s way.” During the week of the ban, the government admitted 843 refugees - but no Syrian refugees, government figures show. Officials previously told Reuters that they were “in transit” and had already been cleared for resettlement before the ban took effect. For refugee families, they are trying to keep expectations in check and hope they do not end up back where they started.  Ayham Oubeid, a Syrian living in Cleveland, has been waiting for over a year for his brother George’s family to come to the United States as refugees. His brother, who has health issues, is living in Dubai on a work visa that covers him, his six-year-old daughter and five-months pregnant wife. George left his job and moved the family out of their apartment when he was told they would be resettled in the United States on Feb. 13. But the family’s plane tickets were canceled when Trump announced the temporary ban. Without George’s job, the family could lose the work visa and be sent back to Syria in the midst of its deadly civil war. Upon hearing of the judge’s ruling from Friday, Oubeid called George. He was careful not to be too hopeful, knowing the judge’s order could be overturned. “I don’t want to get excited. I don’t want my brother to get excited. Because it was hard for him when he lost everything and was told he couldn’t come,” Oubeid said. ",1
5644,Immigration chaos and long nights led to Washington's court win,"SEATTLE/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson arrived in Seattle last Saturday after a trip to Florida, public outrage over the immigration order issued the previous day by President Donald Trump was quickly growing. He went home, greeted his family and then went to work.  By late Monday afternoon, just minutes before the court closed for the day, Ferguson, a Democrat, and his team of lawyers were ready to file the first state lawsuit seeking to block the order. On Friday, they won a dramatic courtroom victory when U.S. District Judge James Robart put on hold the travel ban for refugees and citizens of seven mainly Muslim countries. The lawsuit emerged out of a chaotic 48-hour period in which the need for immediate action held sway over the kind of carefully thought-out strategizing that usually leads up to a major legal complaint being filed, according to Ferguson and other attorneys involved in actions against the order. “We knew we had one shot,” Ferguson said in an interview, in reference to the bid for a temporary restraining that would immediately overturn Trump’s executive order. The lawsuit is one of several now filed against the executive order around the United States, but it was the first case leading to a broad decision that applies nationwide.  The fight over the immigration order is just the first of what is likely to be a series of court battles between Democratic attorneys general, the top legal officers in liberal-leaning states, and the administration. Several attorneys general have already said they expect to sue Trump on various issues if he oversteps his authority, including on the environment and consumer protection. President Trump on Saturday ridiculed Judge Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, and his decision. The Justice Department filed a formal appeal. The Washington state lawyers worked around the clock last Saturday and Sunday against the backdrop of turbulent scenes at U.S. airports, where immigrants were detained by federal officials unprepared to implement the president’s directive. There was little time to coordinate with other states, though ultimately one other state, Minnesota, joined the effort. Additional states, including Virginia, New York and Hawaii, have filed their own lawsuits or sought to intervene in cases brought by individuals affected by the ban. State attorneys general did not collectively decide to let Washington file first for any strategic advantage, Ferguson said. Rather, Washington was able most quickly to marshal evidence of the harm Trump’s order caused to the state, which is crucial to establish legal standing.  Ferguson called the general counsels at major Washington employers Amazon.com Inc. and Expedia Inc. for their support. The companies eventually filed sworn statements in court saying the ban hurt their businesses.     The state lawyers also gathered information on the harm to state residents and institutions such as the university system, which the judge appeared to find persuasive. The legal assault on the order has involved Ferguson and other Democratic lawyers taking a leaf from the play-book followed by Republican states that successfully challenged actions taken by Trump’s predecessor, former President Barack Obama. Washington state’s claims rely in part on the same legal arguments that Texas and 25 other Republican-led states made when they challenged Obama’s November 2014 plan to protect up to four million immigrants from deportation. In that case, the Republican states argued that Obama overstepped his constitutional powers by infringing upon the authority of Congress.  Washington and other states say Trump has violated the Constitution too, albeit on different grounds. They say he has violated protections against discrimination on the basis of religion by targeting Muslims. The state has a responsibility to protect the “health, safety, and well-being” of all its residents, the lawsuit said. In the 2014 case, Texas, like Washington state in the Trump case, asked for a nationwide injunction.  Where the fight against Trump’s order differs from the Texas challenge to Obama is that various lawsuits have been filed around the country by states and civil rights groups. The Texas case was a single lawsuit that the other states joined. ACLU lawyer Lee Gelernt said there was little time to talk strategy among the many states and advocacy groups opposing the order, as would normally happen. “It’s moving too quickly,” he said. That sense of urgency was all too clear to Washington state lawyers on Monday as they feverishly gathered the required documents to file with the lawsuit, including the motion for a temporary restraining order. Unlike other court papers filed electronically, a paper copy of that motion had to be delivered to the clerk’s office in person. So Noah Purcell, the solicitor general, led a race to the Seattle courthouse with others from the office just as the building was about to close. They pulled up to the courthouse, jumped out of the car and ran up the steps to the doors before they were locked. They arrived just in time. ",1
5645,Royal Jordanian gets U.S. instructions lifting travel ban,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordanian airline Royal Jordanian received instructions from the U.S. authorities on Saturday allowing travelers from Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Libya, Sudan, Somali and Iran to board its flights to the United States if they have the necessary visa. “These instructions are effective as of today and cancel the U.S. presidential decision that restricted the entry to America of these above mentioned nationalities,” Royal Jordanian spokesman Basel Kilani told Reuters. “The airline will resume flying passengers of these nationalities to the United States as long as they hold valid visas unless the airline gets contrary instructions from U.S. customs and homeland security,” he said. ",1
5646,"State Department reverses visa ban, allows travelers with visas into U.S.: official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department will allow people with valid visas into the United States, a department official said on Saturday, in order to comply with an opinion from a federal judge in Seattle barring President Donald Trump’s executive action.  “We have reversed the provisional revocation of visas,” the State Department official said in a statement. “Those individuals with visas that were not physically canceled may now travel if the visa is otherwise valid.” ",1
5647,Department of Homeland Security suspends flagging travelers under executive order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Department of Homeland Security will stop flagging travelers from certain countries targeted by an executive order from President Donald Trump, a spokeswoman said on Saturday, in order to comply with a federal court ruling. The Justice Department intends to file an emergency stay of the order at the earliest possible time, the Department of Homeland Security spokeswoman said.  ",1
5648,Thousands protest in London against Trump's refugee ban,"LONDON (Reuters) - Several thousand people demonstrated outside the U.S. embassy in London on Saturday against President Donald Trump and his temporary ban on refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Protesters held black banners with blood stains bearing slogans such as “No to Trump. No to War” and “Trump: Special Relationship? Just say no.” at the demonstration against the ban and Trump’s foreign policy. Trump signed an order just over a week ago putting a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the U.S. and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries. On Friday, a Seattle judge blocked the order but many in Britain are angry about the measure, which they see as discriminatory, and the time it took for Prime Minister Theresa May’s government to criticize it.  ",1
5649,"Etihad, Qatar Airways to let barred passengers back on U.S. flights","DUBAI (Reuters) - Gulf carriers Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways said on Saturday they will allow passengers barred from the United States by President Donald Trump’s executive order to board U.S.-bound flights after a federal judge blocked the move. U.S. Customs & Border Protection (CBP) has advised both airlines they can board travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees who had been banned under the order, the airlines said. “Acceptance will naturally be subject to checks completed by U.S. authorities as existed prior to the issuance of the Executive Order on 27 January,” an Etihad spokesman told Reuters in emailed comments. A Qatar Airways spokeswoman confirmed the airline was again accepting all passengers with valid travel documents. Trump’s suspension on the entry of nationals from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, and all refugees caught airlines off guard, with some carriers forced to re-roster flight crew in order to abide by the order. ",1
5650,"Emirates, Etihad, Qatar to let barred passengers on U.S. flights","DUBAI (Reuters) - Emirates [EMIRA.UL], Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways said on Saturday they will allow passengers barred by President Donald Trump’s executive order to board U.S.-bound flights after a federal judge blocked the move. U.S. Customs & Border Protection (CBP) has advised them they can board travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees who had been banned under the order, the airlines said. “Acceptance will naturally be subject to checks completed by U.S. authorities as existed prior to the issuance of the Executive Order on 27 January,” an Etihad spokesman told Reuters in emailed comments. Emirates and Qatar Airways spokeswomen confirmed the airlines were again accepting all passengers with valid travel documents. Air France, Spain’s Iberia and Germany’s Lufthansa also followed suit after the federal judge’s ruling, which the White House said it planned to appeal as soon as possible. Trump’s suspension on the entry of nationals from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, and all refugees caught airlines off guard, with some carriers forced to re-roster flight crew in order to abide by the order.  ",1
5651,Mosley would have kept Ecclestone at F1 helm,"LONDON (Reuters) - Formula One’s new owners Liberty Media may have made a mistake  in ousting commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone immediately after completing their takeover of the sport, according to former FIA president Max Mosley. Ecclestone, 86, was replaced by American Chase Carey on Jan. 23 as chief executive of Formula One and appointed ‘Emeritus Chairman’ - a position without a clearly defined role for the Briton. Liberty have, however, said they hope Ecclestone will continue to offer advice to the board. “If it had been me in the case of Liberty, I’d have kept Bernie on to do the things that he’s superbly good at - such as dealing with the promoters and the organizers and all that side of it,” Mosley told Reuters. The Briton, a close ally of Ecclestone while running the governing body, said Liberty could have concentrated on “doing the things that up to now have not been done” in Formula One such as virtual reality and digital technology. “But of course they bought a business and are fully entitled to come in and think they can run the whole business better and we’ll just have to see what happens,” added the 76-year-old, speaking at F1’s annual Zoom charity auction on Friday night. Mosley, who stood down as president of the International Automobile Federation in 2009, cautioned against too much rapid change in the sport. Liberty have spoken about increasing the number of grands prix, particularly in the Americas, changing the weekend format and giving every round of the championship the ‘Super Bowl’ treatment. Carey, who has appointed former ESPN executive Sean Bratches to run the commercial side with former Mercedes principal Ross Brawn overseeing motorsport matters, has spoken of F1 being like ‘21 Super Bowls’ in a season. “You’ve always got to be careful, if it ain’t broke don’t fix it. But they are fully aware of that,” said Mosley. “They (Liberty) are serious business people. Whether they can deal with everything better than they could have dealt with it using Bernie for the things he’s good at, and then doing the things that they know about, is an open question. We shall see.” Mosley agreed that Liberty had plenty on their plate in the coming months and might find a few bumps in the road ahead despite their undoubted expertise. “It always looks easy from the outside,” he warned. “It’s like if I think I could go and fix horse racing. But if you actually go and try and do it, you find there are a whole mass of problems you never even knew about. But maybe they will be very successful and get the job done.” With Super Bowl 51 coming up in Houston on Sunday, Mosley was also wary of comparisons between how the National Football League spectacular is presented over the course of a week and grand prix racing. “I think that’s easy to say, it’s not quite clear to me what that means,” he said of the suggestion that every race could be treated like a Super Bowl, with more razzamatazz and events leading up to it. “But the Super Bowl...is that so wonderful? I don’t want to be unkind, but Americans always think they can do everything better than anybody else. And they’re not always right as a lot of recent history shows.” ",1
5652,Air France reopens U.S. flights to passengers hit by travel ban,"PARIS (Reuters) - Air France said on Saturday it had reopened U.S.-bound flights to passengers affected by President Donald Trump’s travel ban on nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries, after the executive order was temporarily suspended by a federal court. “Starting today we are implementing this court decision,” Air France spokesman Herve Erschler said. “Nationals from the countries concerned are being authorized to fly once again to the United States, providing their papers and visas are in order.” Erschler said American government representatives in Paris had advised local airlines they could resume U.S.-bound services for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. A federal judge in Seattle on Friday suspended Trump’s week-old executive order barring their travel.     ",1
5653,Justice Department will not file immediate stay against Seattle immigration ruling,"TORONTO (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Justice will not be filing an emergency stay on Friday night to overturn a Seattle’s judge ruling that blocked a U.S. executive order temporarily barring refugees and nationals from seven countries from entering the United States, a spokesman said. The White House had earlier said the emergency motion would be filed “at the earliest possible time.” ",1
5654,Trump's pick for Army secretary drops out,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vincent Viola, an Army veteran and founder of a high-speed trading firm nominated by U.S. President Donald Trump to be secretary of the Army, withdrew his name from consideration on Friday, a U.S. official said. “Secretary Mattis is disappointed but understands and respects Mr. Viola’s decision,” a Pentagon statement said, adding that Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis would recommend another candidate soon.  The Military Times, which first reported the news, cited Viola’s inability to get around Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses as the reason for withdrawing his name. Viola is a former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange and is a leader in electronic trading. Along with Virtu CEO Douglas Cifu, he bought the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League in 2013. ",1
5655,U.S. Customs give airlines green light to board all visa-holders after Seattle ruling,"(Reuters) - U.S. Customs & Border Protection (CBP) has informed U.S. airlines that they can once again board travelers who had been barred by an executive order last week, after it was blocked nationwide on Friday by a federal judge in Seattle, an airline official told Reuters. In a conference call at around 9 p.m. EST (0200 GMT), the U.S. agency told airlines to operate just as they had before the order, which temporarily had stopped refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Individuals from those states who have proper visas can now board U.S.-bound flights, and airlines are working to update their websites to reflect the change, said the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly. The judge’s temporary restraining order represents a major challenge to U.S. President Donald Trump’s action, although his administration could still appeal the ruling and have the policy upheld. Judge James Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, made his ruling effective immediately on Friday, suggesting that travel restrictions could be lifted straight away. He is expected to issue a full written ruling over the weekend. CBP and Washington-based trade group Airlines for America did not immediately comment. ",1
5656,Mattis reaffirms U.S. alliance with Japan 'for years to come',"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis wrapped up a visit to Japan  on Saturday reaffirming Washington’s commitment to its defense treaty with Tokyo amid concerns about President Donald Trump’s approach to the region and the alliance. Mattis reiterated that provocations by North Korea, which is advancing its nuclear weapons and missile programs, as well as China’s growing assertiveness in the South and East China Seas, left no room for doubt about U.S. commitment to Japan’s defense. That was similar to the message that Mattis - making his first overseas trip since taking office - delivered in South Korea, Washington’s other key Asian ally, earlier in the week. He appeared eager to reassure Japan of U.S. resolve, after a 2016 election campaign in which Trump suggested both South Korea and Japan were benefiting from a U.S. security umbrella without sharing enough of the costs. “The U.S.-Japan alliance is critical to ensuring that this region remains safe and secure – not just now, but for years to come,” Mattis told a joint news conference with Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada. But in what could been seen as a subtle prod to Japan to do more, he added: “But make no mistake: in my meetings with Japanese leaders, both our nations recognize that we must not be found complacent in the face of the emerging challenges we face. “As our alliance grows, it will be important for both our nations to continue investing in our defense personnel and capabilities.” Mattis said Tokyo’s financial support for U.S. troops in Japan had been a “model of cost-sharing” while Inada told the same news conference there had been no discussion of whether Japan should increase that funding. Mattis also noted that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has increased defense spending since taking office in December 2012, a move he said was “on the right track.” Japan’s defense spending is around 1 percent of gross domestic product, compared to around 2 percent for China and over 3 percent for the United States. DEEPER THREE-WAY TIES Mattis also repeated that Trump’s administration would adhere to Washington’s commitment to defend disputed East China Sea islands that are under Japanese control but claimed also by China, an assurance that Tokyo has been keen to hear. Inada said she told Mattis that Japan would play a proactive security role, in line with legal changes enacted under Abe that eased the limits of its pacifist constitution on its military’s operations overseas. At the start of her talks with Mattis, Inada said she hoped his visit to Seoul and Tokyo would deepen three-way security ties. Japan’s relations with South Korea have frayed recently due to a feud over wartime history, just as tensions over North Korea make cooperation vital. “South Korea is an important neighbor,” Inada said.  “I want to link Secretary Mattis’ visit to Japan and South Korea to the further deepening of defense cooperation among the three countries.”  Japan’s relations with South Korea have frayed recently due to a feud over wartime history, just as tensions over North Korea make cooperation between the two allies vital. Japan last month temporarily recalled its ambassador to South Korea over a statue near the Japanese consulate in Busan city commemorating Korean “comfort women”. The term “comfort women” is a euphemism for women forced to work in Japanese military brothels. Tokyo says the statue, put in place late last year, and another near the Japanese embassy in Seoul, violate a December 2015 agreement stating the issue - which has long plagued ties - would be “irreversibly resolved” if all conditions were met. ",1
5657,U.S. not weighing Middle East troop hikes over Iran concerns: Mattis,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Saturday he was not considering hiking the number of U.S. forces in the Middle East to address Iran’s “misbehavior” at this time, but warned that the world would not ignore Iranian activities. President Donald Trump has vowed a more aggressive policy against Tehran and his administration is warning of concrete action if Iran does not curb its ballistic missile program and continues support in regional proxy conflicts. The United States announced new sanctions on Friday, just two days after the Trump administration put Iran “on notice” following a ballistic missile test. Mattis said putting Iran on notice was worthwhile, given its behavior. “As far as Iran goes, this is the single biggest state sponsor of terrorism in the world and I think it is wise to make certain that Iran recognizes that what it is doing is getting the attention of a lot of people,” Mattis told a news conference in Tokyo in his most detailed remarks on Iran since taking over the Pentagon. Still, he firmly played down the idea of any military buildup. “I don’t see any need to increase the number of forces we have in the Middle East at this time. That’s not in the cards right now,” he said. “We always have the capability to do so. But right now I don’t think it’s necessary.” The United States has already sent a Navy destroyer to patrol off the coast of Yemen to protect waterways from Houthi militia aligned with Iran. But there are other actions Washington could take, including giving greater priority to rotating aircraft carriers through the Gulf. There is currently no U.S. aircraft carrier in the Gulf, for example. The U.S. Navy believes having a robust presence helps deter any moves by Iran to block that strategic waterway. In 2008 and 2010, in moves that prompted critics to accuse Iran of destabilizing the region, the Islamic Republic threatened to disrupt oil shipping in the Gulf by shutting the Strait of Hormuz if there were any attack on its nuclear sites. Mattis said ignoring Iranian behavior - something former President Barack Obama’s critics routinely accused him of doing - wouldn’t work.      “It does no good to ignore it, it does no good to dismiss it,” Mattis said, without citing Obama or his policies. The White House has said that while the latest sanctions were a reaction to recent events, they had been under consideration before. It added that a landmark 2015 deal to curb Iran’s nuclear program was not in the best interest of the United States. Iran denounced the sanctions as illegal and said it would impose legal restrictions on American individuals and entities helping “regional terrorist groups”, state TV quoted a Foreign Ministry statement as saying. Those affected under the sanctions cannot access the U.S. financial system or deal with U.S. companies and are subject to secondary sanctions, meaning foreign companies and individuals are prohibited from dealing with them or risk being blacklisted by the United States. ",1
5658,State Department informed of court ruling on Trump's immigration order: spokesperson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department was informed by the Justice Department of the ruling by a Washington state court blocking U.S. President Donald Trump’s order barring nationals from seven countries from entering the United States, a State Department spokesperson said on Friday. The State Department is working with the Department of Homeland Security to determine how the ruling affects its operations and will announce any changes affecting travelers to the United States as soon as that information is available, the spokesperson said. A federal judge in Seattle on Friday put a nationwide block on Trump’s week-old executive order. ",1
5659,"Trump's travel ban has revoked 60,000 visas for now","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 60,000 visas were revoked under U.S. President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily halting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, the State Department said on Friday, in one of several government communications clarifying how the order is being rolled out. The revocation means the government voided travel visas for people trying to enter the United States but the visas could be restored later without a new application, said William Cocks, a spokesman for consular affairs at the State Department. “We will communicate updates to affected travelers following the 90-day review,” he said.  Earlier news reports, citing a government attorney at a federal court hearing, put the figure at more than 100,000 visas. The government issued over 11 million immigrant and non-immigrant visas in fiscal year 2015, the State Department said.     The immigration executive order signed by Trump a week ago temporarily halted the U.S. refugee program and imposed a 90-day suspension on people traveling from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Trump said the measures would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Under President Barack Obama, Trump’s predecessor, the United States added those seven countries as “countries of concern” under its visa waiver program, effectively toughening U.S. visa procedures for individuals who visited those places during the past five years. Trump’s executive order was at least in part informed by those restrictions. The new president, who took office on Jan. 20, went further by temporarily barring passport holders from those seven countries.  The State Department first issued the guidance about revoking the visas on Jan. 27, the day Trump signed his executive order, according to a memo filed in a court case in Massachusetts.  But confusion about the roll out of the order sparked protests at airports across the country where people had been detained and led to a wave of lawsuits filed by individuals, states and civil rights groups.  To further clarify how the order should be applied, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) sent out a letter to all of its employees on Feb. 2, according to a copy of the memo seen by Reuters. The memo said the agency was continuing to process all applications and petitions for people inside the United States regardless of their country of origin. It also said all applications for permanent residency and adjustment of status can move forward. USCIS said they could not discuss internal employee communications.  The Department of Homeland Security had earlier clarified, after some initial back-and-forth, that the order would not apply to green card holders. Also people from the seven countries who hold dual citizenship are allowed to enter the United States on the passport of a non-restricted nation when eligible, according to Feb. 2 guidance posted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s website. ",1
5660,"Trump administration tightens Iran sanctions, Tehran hits back","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Friday imposed sanctions on Iran,  which it said were just “initial steps” and said Washington would no longer turn a “blind eye” to Iran’s hostile actions. The sanctions on 25 individuals and entities were the opening salvo by President Donald Trump who has vowed a more aggressive policy against Tehran and came two days after the administration had put Iran ‘on notice’ following a ballistic missile test. “The Trump Administration will no longer tolerate Iran’s provocations that threaten our interests,” National Security Advisor Michael Flynn said. “The days of turning a blind eye to Iran’s hostile and belligerent actions toward the United States and the world community are over,” Flynn said in a White House statement. Suggesting that more concrete action could follow if Iran does not curb its ballistic missile program and continues support in regional proxy conflicts, a senior administration official said the latest sanctions were the initial steps in response to Iran’s “provocative behavior”. The administration was “undertaking a larger strategic review” of how it responds to Iran. Iran denounced the sanctions as illegal and said it would impose legal restrictions on American individuals and entities helping “regional terrorist groups”, state TV quoted a Foreign Ministry statement as saying. Those affected under the sanctions cannot access the U.S. financial system or deal with U.S. companies and are subject to secondary sanctions, meaning foreign companies and individuals are prohibited from dealing with them or risk being blacklisted by the United States. The White House said that while the sanctions were a reaction to recent events, they had been under consideration before. It added that a landmark 2015 deal to curb Iran’s nuclear program was not in the best interest of the United States. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the missile test did not violate the nuclear agreement. “It’s not a direct violation ... I think there is no question that it violates the spirit of that,” Spicer said in an interview with MSNBC. He said the nuclear agreement was a “sweetheart deal” for Iran. Citing a foreign ministry statement, Iran’s semi-official Fars news agency said the missile program is “the undeniable and inalienable right of our nation under international law and the UN charter. Any foreign interference in this regard is a violation of international law.” The new designations stuck to areas that remain under sanctions even with the 2015 nuclear deal sealed between Iran and world powers in place, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, an elite military body that is powerful in Iranian politics and the economy, and Iran’s ballistic missile program. Zarif led Iran’s delegation at the nuclear negotiations in 2015. Among those affected by the sanctions were what it said was a Lebanon-based network run by the Revolutionary Guards. “The list is actually so targeted and comparatively mild, it leads one to surmise that it may have been a set of targets devised by the Obama administration, and was ready to go when Trump came into office,” said Adam Smith, former senior advisor to the Director of the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. “As such, the real test for which way the Trump team will go on Iran may well be not this list release but the next one, whenever that occurs,” Smith said. The sanctions’ impact will be more symbolic than practical, especially as they do not affect the lifting of broader U.S. and international sanctions that took place under the nuclear deal. Also, few of the Iranian entities being targeted are likely to have U.S. assets that can be frozen, and U.S. companies, with few exceptions, are barred from doing business with Iran.     Meanwhile, the U.S. moved a Navy destroyer, the USS Cole, close to the Bab al-Mandab Strait off the coast of Yemen to protect waterways from Houthi militia aligned with Iran. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Friday expressed understanding over the sanctions, but warned against conflating Sunday’s test with the nuclear deal. Earlier on Friday, Trump tweeted: “Iran is playing with fire”. U.S. Senator Mark Warner expressed support for the sanctions, adding: “I urge the Administration to bring clarity to their overall strategy towards Iran, and to refrain from ambiguous rhetoric – or provocative tweets – that will exacerbate efforts to confront those challenges.” Some of the entities sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury are based in the United Arab Emirates, Lebanon and China. Among those affected were companies, individuals and brokers the U.S. Treasury said support a trade network run by Iranian businessman Abdollah Asgharzadeh. Treasury said he supported Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, which the United States has said is a subsidiary of an Iranian entity that runs Iran’s ballistic missile program. Hasan Dehghan Ebrahimi, a Beirut-based official with the Revolutionary Guard’s Qods Force, which runs its operations abroad, was put under sanctions for acting on behalf of the Qods Force, Treasury said. Three Lebanese companies involved in waste collection, pharmaceuticals, and construction were also listed under the sanctions for being owned or controlled by Muhammad Abd-al-Amir Farhat, one of Ebrahimi’s employees. Treasury said he has facilitated millions of dollars in cash transfers to Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. Two of his employees and a company he manages were also sanctioned. Treasury said Ebrahimi and his employees used a Lebanon-based network to transfer funds, launder money, and conduct business. ",1
5661,Over 9.2 million sign for Obamacare amid Trump repeal push,"(Reuters) - More than 9.2 million U.S. consumers signed up for health insurance using the Healthcare.gov website during the open enrollment period between November and Jan. 31, the U.S. government said on Friday. Enrollment was down from 9.7 million a year ago but the decline was smaller than some had predicted amid President Donald Trump’s push to overturn former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform under which the plans are sold. With several insurers pulling out over rising costs, and Republican congressional efforts to scuttle the Affordable Care Act (ACA), known as Obamacare, the enrollment period was seen as a test of the program’s popularity. HealthCare.gov sells health insurance under the ACA for 39 states. The remaining states run their own exchanges. The total number of plan selections across all states for the entire open enrollment period will be released in March. Average premiums for the second-lowest cost silver plan rose 25 percent compared with the previous year. At the same time the number of insurance providers choosing to participate in the exchanges fell by 28 percent. Of the 9.2 million, about 3 million were new consumers while 6.2 million were returning consumers. The figures include any cancellations that occurred during the period. Trump’s surprise victory in early November as the enrollment period got underway created serious doubts about whether people would sign up for the insurance program. A move by the Trump administration to pull television ads reminding consumers that the enrollment deadline was approaching likely contributed to the dropoff. “This may have cost about 500,000 additional enrollments,” said Ron Pollack, executive director of healthcare consumer advocacy group Families USA, in a statement, calling the move an “attempt to sabotage enrollment.” “And despite all that, millions of consumers still got their insurance through the ACA,” Pollack said. Meanwhile, Republican efforts to repeal the healthcare law have stumbled over an inability so far to come up with a comprehensive replacement plan. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee this week said changes to the law would be made in “chunks” and would be better labeled a “repair.” ",1
5662,Trump to meet with airline CEOs on Thursday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with the chief executive officers of airlines on Thursday, the White House said, another in a series of meetings the new president has had with business leaders. The White House statement on Friday did not say who would attend the breakfast and “listening session.” Last week, Trump met with the CEOs of the Big Three U.S. automakers and pressed them to bring more jobs to the United States. This week he met with pharmaceutical executives and called on them to make more drugs in the United States and cut prices. ",1
5663,Seattle judge grants nationwide temporary restraining order on Trump immigration ban,(Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge in Seattle on Friday granted a nationwide temporary restraining order on President Donald Trump’s executive order made last week that temporarily barred entry to the United States to citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries.   The ruling is the broadest to date against Trump’s directive. ,1
5664,Trump ignites political fight over U.S. banking law reforms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump’s signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones U.S. Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 percent. .DJUSBK [.N]  At a White House forum on Friday with U.S. business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase’s (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the “Volcker Rule,” and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump “can’t make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress,” Frank told Reuters. “The language in the order doesn’t do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill.” Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO’s on Friday Trump said, “I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money...because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis showed U.S. commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today,” she said in a statement. Trump’s adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs (GS.N). Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counseling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump’s pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a “fiduciary rule” for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalized in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to push off the rule’s implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying.  Representatives of the six largest U.S. banks – JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) – either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump’s order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it “a little bit more user-friendly,” said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited (BKU.N), a lender with less than $20 billion in assets.  House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump’s approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. “A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently,” said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump’s predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg.  In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court’s decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal.  Meanwhile, some U.S. financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank “has largely been helpful” and led to a banking system with “more and better capital.” ",1
5665,Highlights: The Trump presidency on February 3 at 6:25 P.M. EST/2325 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Friday: DODD-FRANK Trump orders reviews of major banking rules put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Wealth managers from Wall Street to Wisconsin have spent the last six years lobbying against the retirement advice rule that Trump began killing off with a swipe of his pen. The United States ratchets up pressure on Iran, putting sanctions on 13 individuals and 12 entities days after the White House put Tehran “on notice” over a ballistic missile test. Instead of tearing up the Iran nuclear deal, the Trump administration is exploring how to tighten its enforcement and renegotiate key terms, but it may be impossible to get other major powers and Iran to consider revisions. A federal judge in Boston declines to extend a temporary restraining order that allowed some immigrants into the United States from certain countries despite being barred by Trump’s recent executive order. Tens of thousands of visas were revoked under Trump’s travel ban, the State Department says. U.S. immigration officials have postponed interviews with asylum seekers in an Australian camp since Trump’s executive order on immigration, suggesting Washington is already blocking progress on a controversial refugee resettlement deal. Chief executives of major U.S. companies met with Trump at the White House, with some expressing concern about the ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries traveling to the United States. Congressional Republicans repeal a securities disclosure rule aimed at curbing corruption at energy and mining companies and vote to ax emissions limits on drilling operations, part of a push to remove Obama-era regulations on extractive industries. Trump’s agenda to repeal Obamacare and punish “sanctuary cities” for resisting him on immigration is making its presence felt in the $3.8 trillion municipal bond market. European Union leaders agree to stick together in dealing with Trump, but at their first summit since he took office they are at odds on how far to confront or engage with him. The Trump administration is in the midst “of a full review of all U.S. policies towards Cuba” with a focus on its human rights policies. ",1
5666,"White House investigates leaks of Trump calls to Australia, Mexico","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is looking into how embarrassing details of President Donald Trump’s recent tense phone conversations with his counterparts in Australia and Mexico were leaked to news organizations, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Fox News Channel. “The president takes these leaks very seriously,” Spicer said in an interview with Fox News Channel, which on Friday provided a transcript of a segment set to air on Saturday. Trump cut short a phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull after an acrimonious discussion about a refugee swap deal, a conversation that threatened ties between the two allies after details appeared in The Washington Post. In an earlier call with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto about paying for a wall on the southern U.S. border, Trump said he might send the U.S. military to Mexico to stop drug cartels - details from a transcript obtained by a Mexican news organization Aristegui Noticias and the Associated Press. The White House later said the comments were meant to be lighthearted. “That’s troubling and I think the president has asked the team to look into this because those are very serious implications,” Spicer said. Spicer described the conversations as “candid” but respectful, and has noted that both the Australian and Mexican governments have disputed some of the details. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment on the investigation into the leaks. Trump told politicians and faith leaders at a prayer breakfast that he was having difficult conversations with world leaders as he worked to overhaul immigration rules. “Believe me, when you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having - don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it,” Trump told the leaders. ",1
5667,U.S. conference on Libya postponed over Trump travel ban: organizers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A high-profile conference on Libya planned for mid-February in Washington has been postponed, the organizers said on Friday, citing U.S. President Donald Trump’s temporary ban on nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries, including Libya, from entering the United States. The Feb. 16 conference titled “Libya-U.S. Relations 2017: New Vision, Hope and Opportunities,” and co-hosted by the National Council on U.S.-Libya Relations, had listed Libyan speakers, including two former prime ministers and the head of the National Oil Corporation (NOC). As a result of the executive order, “banning Libyan citizens from entrance to the USA, it will not be feasible for the full complement of speakers, sponsors and guests to be in Washington, D.C., as originally planned,” a statement from the conference organizers said.  A new date for the conference would be announced soon. The executive order by Trump comes at a time of uncertainty over U.S. policy in Libya, which remains mired in the chaos that followed the NATO-backed 2011 uprising against long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi. “This administration recognizes the role of the oil industry in economic stability and recognizes the importance of economic stability for political stability,” Rihab El Haj, a member of the National Council on U.S.-Libya relations, told Reuters. “We have been working for visa waivers for speakers and key sponsors and based on our conversations with the various institutions involved in making the decision, there was consensus this was an important event and there is political will to facilitate the conference but it’s just a question of timing and we understand that humanitarian exceptions are a priority,” she said. The United Nations-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) was strongly supported by the administration of former President Barack Obama, but has struggled to assert its authority in Tripoli and beyond. Factions in eastern Libya aligned with a rival government and Khalifa Haftar, an influential military commander, welcomed Trump’s election, hoping for more support for their anti-Islamist stance. Several speakers who had been slated to attend the conference are connected with or loyal to eastern-based factions. “Generally speaking, the Department of Homeland Security and Department of State may on a case-by-case basis, and when in the national interest, issue visas or other immigration benefits to nationals of countries for which visas and benefits are otherwise blocked under this executive order,” said William Cocks, spokesman for the State Department’s Bureau of Consular Affairs. “As visa records are confidential under U.S. law, I’m unable to discuss any individual cases.” ",1
5668,"U.S. military releases, withdraws old Islamist video from Yemen raid","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In an awkward reversal, the U.S. military promptly withdrew an old video by Islamist militants it had released on Friday as evidence that a fatal raid in Yemen by American special forces this week was a counter terrorism success.  An expert in radical Islamist media said the footage by unknown militants appeared to be part of videos first released by jihadists online some 10 years ago, undermining the Pentagon’s explanation about its value.  A U.S. Central Command spokesman confirmed that the video was removed from the website because the contents were old.    “We didn’t want it to appear that we were trying to pass off an old video as a new video,” spokesman Colonel John Thomas said. It is the latest controversy surrounding the raid on a branch of al Qaeda in Yemen, the first such operation authorized by President Donald Trump as commander in chief. The military said the video was found on Sunday in the operation in al-Bayda province in which a U.S. Navy SEAL, militants and civilians were killed.      A U.S. Central Command spokesman had said on Friday the clip of a ski-masked man encouraging people to build bombs, was “one example of the volumes of sensitive al-Qa’eda terror-planning information recovered during the operation.”  The Department of Defense posted the video on its web site on Friday but pulled it off within several hours when questions began to arise about its age.     The footage appeared to be similar to that in other videos that surfaced online in 2007.  “The video clip that was posted and abruptly taken down was one of 25 videos that appeared (published) in 2007,” said Adam Raisman, a senior analyst at SITE group which monitors extremists online. He added that the only difference was that the Pentagon video had English subtitles added.        Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said the video was still of worth, even if it may have been created earlier.  “It does not matter when the video was made, that they had it is still illustrative of who they are and what their intentions are,” Davis said.      U.S. Navy SEAL William “Ryan” Owens was killed in the raid, which the Pentagon said also killed 14 militants. Medics at the scene said about 30 people, including 10 women and children, also died. U.S. military officials told Reuters this week that the operation went ahead without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations.  As a result, three officials said, the attacking SEAL team found itself dropping onto a reinforced al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists.         But Central Command said earlier this week that it only asks for operations it believes have a good chance of success based on its planning. Pentagon spokesman Davis has said the element of surprise had not been lost in the raid.     ",1
5669,Labor Dept. looks into delaying fiduciary rule after Trump's order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Labor Department is looking into delaying the implementation date of its new fiduciary rule governing the advice that brokers can give about retirement investments, it said on Friday, after President Donald Trump called for a review that could ultimately lead to scrapping it. “The Department of Labor will now consider its legal options to delay the applicability of the date as we comply with the president’s memorandum,” Acting U.S. Secretary of Labor Ed Hugler said in a statement. ",1
5670,U.S. National Security Agency's deputy director is retiring,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deputy director of the U.S. National Security Agency, the intelligence agency in charge of electronic surveillance and code-breaking, is retiring, an NSA spokesman said on Friday. Richard Ledgett, who just turned 59, will retire in the spring, spokesman Michael Halbig said in an emailed statement. “It has been anticipated that he would retire in 2017 and he decided the time is right this spring after nearly 40 years of service to the nation.” Ledgett played a central role in the agency’s response to massive leaks of U.S. surveillance programs by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. Ledgett is among the many top U.S. intelligence officials who have announced they are leaving since Donald Trump’s victory in the Nov. 8 election. In the UK, the head of NSA’s British counterpart agency  GCHQ, Robert Hannigan, announced two weeks ago that he was stepping down for family reasons. The NSA has faced continued challenges since Snowden’s 2013 revelations, believed to be the largest leak in the secretive agency’s 65-year history. Another NSA contractor, Harold Thomas Martin, is facing espionage charges for allegedly stealing vast amounts of classified information. In November, the head of the Pentagon and the U.S. intelligence community recommended to then-President Barack Obama that NSA’s director, Navy Admiral Michael Rogers, be removed from his post, sources familiar with the matter said. Obama took no action in the matter, which the Washington Post first reported. ",1
5671,"From Wall Street to Wisconsin, brokers cheer Trump's order","NEW YORK (Reuters) - With a swipe of his pen, U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday started killing off a retirement advice rule that wealth managers from Wall Street to Wisconsin have spent the last six years lobbying against. A landmark policy from the Obama era, the so-called fiduciary rule requires brokers and financial advisers to act in the best interest of retirement savers. This restricts their ability to earn commissions and to sell some higher-fee products. Wall Street has argued it would harm consumers because it would raise compliance costs and therefore fees, and force them to get rid of Main Street clients and small businesses that offer 401(k) plans. Trump’s executive order asks the Labor Department to review whether the rule needs to be changed or dumped. Both supporters and opponents are girding to argue their case. But the industry has the edge, with Trump officials stating they were planning on rolling back regulation generally and criticizing the fiduciary rule in particular. The Chamber of Commerce, one of a number of trade groups which have filed lawsuits to kill the rule, cheered Trump’s order. “We look forward to swift action from the Department of Labor in putting this delay into effect and reevaluating matters of policy and law,” the Chamber said in a statement. Shares of banks with large wealth management divisions jumped on Friday with Bank of America (BAC.N) up 2.5 percent, Morgan Stanley (MS.N) 5.5 percent stronger and Wells Fargo (WFC.N) over 2 percent higher. Insurers, whose sales of annuity products were at risk from the rule, also rose, with shares of Prudential (PRU.N) up 1.9 percent and Metlife (MET.N) 1 percent stronger. “Everyone will be pleased that DOL’s rush to get it done before the administration change is set back,” said Judi Carsrud, director of government relations for the National Association of Insurance Financial Advisors (NAIFA), which has been fighting the rule for years. NAIFA plans to pursue a “very straightforward” fix such as a “legislative approach” that directs retirement account advisers to act in clients’ best interest – a standard that Carsrud believes the group’s members already meet. The Obama administration had said conflicted advice costs American families $17 billion a year but the industry has said that figure was inflated. No-one disputes the high cost that firms would have to pay to comply with the new rule, an amount the Labor Department estimates at as much as $31 billion over the next decade. Banks have already started changing things with Bank of America saying this week it would more clearly disclose the fees it charges clients of its Merrill Lynch wealth management business. Bank of America Corp had already started cutting back on “transactional” accounts that charge clients a commission for every trade, rather than a flat fee based on assets. Morgan Stanley (MS.N) has decided to keep such accounts but is making changes that will allow advisers to work within the rule’s confines by creating new contracts, re-training advisors and updating supervisory software. Swiss bank UBS UBSN.VX welcomed Trump’s order and said it supported the creation of a fiduciary rule under the Securities and Exchange Commission, which could apply to all advisers not just retirement advisers. Wells Fargo said it would continue to work with regulators to ensure higher standards of care for investment clients. Other banks either declined to comment or were not immediately available to comment. Implementing changes was particularly tough for small-time financial advisers. Along with two colleagues, Juli McNeely, who runs McNeely Financial Services in Spencer, Wisconsin has spent between 45 and 60 hours each week since December preparing for the rule. Their work has focused largely on figuring out which clients from their rural community should now pay a flat fee for financial advice, instead of commissions, and creating new templates for paperwork. “Now we have a little breathing room to make sure we do this right and not quickly to meet a deadline,” said McNeely, who voted for Trump, in part because of his pro-business stance. One person who has yet to comment on the retirement rule review is the person who will be at the center of it — Trump’s choice to head the Labor Department, Andy Puzder. Puzder, chief executive of fastfood group CKE Restaurants, has been a vocal opponent of what he has called “overregulation” during the Obama administration. The 401(k) plans he offers his own employees are less generous than some rivals, suggesting a more industry-friendly approach. While the Labor Secretary cannot unilaterally repeal a rule, his agency can rewrite and change a rule substantially or scrap it. William Galvin, the top securities regulator in Massachusetts, described Trump’s order as “reckless”. “My office will continue to protect small investors when those in Washington cave to big business.” Not all proponents of the rule were as pessimistic. “There’s no question that in the minds of industry lobbyist, delay is just a step toward repeal,” said Barbara Roper, investor protection director for the Consumer Federation of America (CFA). “If the Department of Labor follows an honest process and considers the impact on retirement savers, we have a winning argument.” ",1
5672,U.S. House Republicans exploring border tax design changes: lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are considering possible changes to the design of their controversial border adjustment tax proposal to accommodate industries worried about being harmed by the provision, a top lawmaker said on Friday. The measure, a centerpiece of the House Republican tax reform blueprint backed by Speaker Paul Ryan, is intended to encourage investment and manufacturing in the United States. But it faces mounting pressure from U.S. retailers, oil refiners and automakers who fear it could result in higher prices for consumer goods including gasoline.  Major U.S. exporters on Thursday threw their support behind a border tax, but President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals and some U.S. Senate Republicans question whether it would pass muster under international trade rules. “We are listening carefully and exploring a number of ideas on both design and the transition of this provision to accommodate some of the concerns, valid concerns,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told a conference on tax issues. “I’m confident ... that the design of the border adjustability and the transition of it will allay those concerns,” he added without providing details. He previously said the committee would look at transition rules but has not suggested possible design changes until now.  The Texas Republican, whose panel is working on tax reform legislation, is not considering product or industry exemptions but said the committee is engaged in discussions with industries including import-dependent oil refiners.  The border adjustment proposal would exempt U.S. corporate export revenues from tax but impose a 20 percent levy on imports by preventing U.S. companies from deducting import costs from their taxable income. Import-dependent companies say the sweeping change could hurt their businesses and customers. “Their concerns about consumer impacts or tax impacts, we don’t want those either,” Brady said. Brady said the policy would tax all products sold in the United States equally while matching the export tax approach of U.S. trading partners. He acknowledged that the change could be phased in over time to help smooth the transition but denied that the proposal would violate international trade rules by penalizing imports or subsidizing exports. Business lobbyists have suggested a number of changes, from a nominal tax to compensate import-dependent businesses to an import tax rate that would vary by country of origin to match the taxes U.S. products face abroad.         “We know where we want to go and we’re going to listen to all ideas. But we’re going to end up with a tax code that taxes products at the same equal rate in the United States,” he said. ",1
5673,"Divided on Trump, EU insists on European unity","VALLETTA (Reuters) - European Union leaders said they agreed to stick together in dealing with Donald Trump, but at their first summit since he took office they were at odds on how far to confront or engage with the new U.S. president. Trump and his policies, from questioning the value of NATO and free trade to banning Muslim refugees, came up repeatedly in discussions in Malta on external “challenges” facing the Union. British Prime Minister Theresa May, about to lead her country out of the EU, briefed peers on her visit to Washington last week and assured them Trump was committed to cooperating in their defense — just as Britain would also be after Brexit. Francois Hollande, the outgoing Socialist president of France, led criticism of Trump, calling it “unacceptable” for him to applaud Brexit and forecast the break-up of the EU. In thinly veiled rebukes to May and some eastern states, he warned of trying to cut their own transatlantic deals. “A lot of countries should think of their future first of all in the European Union rather than imagining I don’t what kind of bilateral relationship with the United States,” he said. Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite, who like many in the east is alarmed by Trump’s conciliatory noises to Moscow, poured cold water on May’s suggestion Britain could be a link to Washington. Europe did not need a “bridge”, she was quoted as saying, because it could communicate with Trump on Twitter. But her Polish neighbor, Beata Szydlo, reserved her main  criticisms for her predecessor as prime minister, EU summit chair Donald Tusk, who described Trump this week as a “threat” to the EU, along with Russia, China and militant Islam.  “European politicians trying to build this sense of fear ... are making a mistake,” said Szydlo, whose government, like Trump, has spoken out against Muslim immigration. “One cannot be confrontational in our relations with the United States.” Stressing the need for unity, the bloc’s dominant leader, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, said Europeans still had common ground with the United States in many areas, while not sharing Trump’s scepticism about many international institutions. “We have again made very clear our common values and our faith in multilateralism,” she told a news conference.  The Union would, she said, push for free trade deals with more nations as Trump pulls back. But cooperation with the United States against militant threats would continue, she said. One EU diplomat said France was clearly pushing to use the Trump presidency to rally Europeans behind a policy of greater distance from Washington and turning to the EU, rather than NATO, for their security.  “The Germans are much more cautious,” the diplomat said. “There is a clear issue to be decided: whether we seek common ground to engage with the United States, or turn our backs.” Summit host Joseph Muscat, the Maltese prime minister, chose to emphasize balance in summing up the discussions, speaking of “concern” at Trump’s policy but “no sense of anti-Americanism”. “There was a sense that we need to engage with the U.S. just the same,” Muscat said. “But we need to show that we cannot stay silent where there are principles involved.” ",1
5674,"Trump may look to strengthen, not shred, Iran nuclear deal","WASHINGTON/ANKARA (Reuters) - Instead of tearing up the Iran nuclear deal, the Trump administration is exploring how to tighten its enforcement and renegotiate key terms, but it may prove impossible to get other major powers and Iran to consider revising the agreement. Under the 2015 accord between Tehran and six world powers, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for relief from some U.S., European and U.N. economic sanctions. Many experts consider it a success so far. The Trump administration this week signaled a harder but ambiguous line toward Iran by putting the Islamic Republic “on notice” after an Iranian ballistic missile test, and then by imposing economic sanctions on 13 individuals and 12 entities on Friday.. The options the administration is considering include insisting the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the U.N. nuclear watchdog, get tougher policing Iran’s compliance, including demanding access to military sites, according to two sources familiar with the matter. “The basic idea is that the IAEA has to be granted access,” said one source with knowledge of the matter, acknowledging it would be difficult for the U.S. administration to win support for military site inspections from the other 34 countries on the IAEA board of governors. The U.S. also would seek to remove “sunset” provisions from the pact that allow some restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program to start expiring in 10 years, something critics consider the deal’s biggest flaw, the two sources said.         In addition, the administration could press the agency to report more information on Iran’s compliance with the nuclear pact, one of the sources said, noting the agency has cut back on reporting some data, such as how much low-enriched uranium Iran is stockpiling. The administration is also weighing a push to tighten the rules of the Procurement Working Group, a panel set up under the accord to make it harder for Iran to win approval to import sensitive technologies and materials that might be used for nuclear purposes, said one of the sources. There are concerns that the Obama administration was too lenient in agreeing to Iranian purchases of nuclear-related materials, including 116 metric tons of natural uranium, for which Tehran has no apparent need, one source said. Getting the United States’ partners in the nuclear deal, a group known as the P5+1 that includes Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia, into such a negotiation is likely to be extremely difficult, let alone bringing the Iranians along. “It seems to be a long shot,” said a P5+1 source on the odds of getting the group into a new negotiation aimed at tightening up the nuclear deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) or at creating a sort of “JCPOA II.” Iranian officials have rejected the idea of renegotiating the deal, and Trump’s stance could weaken the hand of those in Tehran who have been willing to negotiate with the West, said a former senior Iranian official. “Hardliners will use Trump’s stance to strengthen their position,” said a former senior Iranian official close to President Hassan Rouhani. “They have always been against Rouhani’s détente policy toward West.” ",1
5675,"Factbox: Sweeping U.S. Dodd-Frank financial law created new agencies, rules","(Reuters) - The Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, named for former Democratic lawmakers Senator Chris Dodd and Representative Barney Frank, was signed by former President Barack Obama in 2010 as a response to the financial crisis. Dodd-Frank is the most sweeping financial regulatory statute enacted since the response to the Great Depression in the 1930s. It created new regulatory bodies and directed already-existing agencies to write hundreds of regulations aimed at creating stability in the financial markets. Republican lawmakers, including President Donald Trump, have said that Dodd-Frank is burdensome for financial institutions, and many seek to repeal it in whole or part. Trump signed an executive order on Friday that did not mention Dodd-Frank by name. But White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Friday, “Dodd-Frank is a disastrous policy that’s hindering our markets” and the order would be the first step taken to review the law. Here are some of the Dodd-Frank law’s main provisions: The Financial Stability Oversight Council Dodd-Frank created the FSOC to monitor risk in the financial system and it was granted the power to deem institutions, including non-bank firms such as asset managers and insurance companies “systemically important financial institutions.” These firms are often called “too-big-to-fail” and subject to additional capital requirements. The Office of Financial Research Dodd-Frank created the independent Office of Financial Research within the Treasury Department to provide data and support related to risks in the financial system to relevant government agencies, including the FSOC. This data is used in part to assess whether a firm is a systemically important financial institution. Consumer Financial Protection Board Dodd-Frank created the CFPB, a federal agency that oversees consumer protection in the financial sector, including banks, payday lenders, credit unions, mortgage servicers and other companies. A federal appeals court ruled in October that the bureau’s structure is unconstitutional because its director, currently Richard Cordray, cannot be removed by the president without cause. That ruling was stayed and has not taken effect pending appeal. Volcker Rule A portion of Dodd-Frank known named for former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker prohibits commercial banks from also engaging in proprietary trading and restricts them from investing in hedge and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule also limits the liabilities that can be taken on by the country’s largest banks. The rule was delayed several times and took effect in July 2015. Some large Wall Street banks asked the Federal Reserve to grant them an additional five-year grace period to comply with the rule. Capital Requirements The law’s so-called capital requirements forced banks to fund themselves more by raising money from shareholders than by borrowing. Regulators used a variety of requirements to force banks to cut their reliance on debt, including by imposing tougher rules for riskier assets. The most stringent requirements fell on the biggest banks. Banks say the process has been costly.  Living Wills Dodd-Frank required banks with assets of $50 billion or more to submit living wills to regulators. A bank’s living will is a kind of prepackaged bankruptcy plan that will guide its dissolution and liquidation without taxpayer assistance should it collapse. If these living wills are deemed insufficient by regulators, institutions get another chance to submit a new plan. At that point, if regulators again deem a living will insufficient, a bank can face sanctions.    Swaps Push-Out Rule The initial swaps proposal prohibited banks active in swaps markets from receiving federal assistance. The rule was narrowed to apply to only swaps entities. A swaps entity is a swap dealer that is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or Securities and Exchange Commission. The rule does not apply to depository banks that have swaps divisions, which remain eligible to be insured by the federal government. Regulated Institutions A number of Dodd-Frank’s provisions were designed to direct agencies to regulate entities such as private equity funds and hedge funds for the first time. It also required a brand new regulatory regime for over-the-counter derivatives, which imposed capital and margin requirements, central clearing and trading transparency rules on the marketplace. ",1
5676,Trump aide cites 'massacre' that never occurred to defend immigrant ban,"(Reuters) - A Trump administration aide corrected herself on Friday after being widely criticized for referencing a 2011 “Bowling Green massacre” in Kentucky that never occurred to defend President Donald Trump’s temporary ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries. White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said in an interview with MSNBC’s Chris Matthews on Thursday that Trump’s executive order was justified in part by the “Bowling Green massacre” of 2011. She added, “Most people don’t know that because it didn’t get covered.”  During the interview Conway told how two Iraqis who came to the United States and were radicalized “were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre.” No such event occurred.  Conway corrected herself on Friday in a post on Twitter, saying, “Honest mistakes abound.” The phrase “Bowling Green massacre” was the top trending topic on Twitter on Friday morning as thousands of social media users mocked Conway. “Very grateful no one seriously hurt in the Louvre attack ... or the (completely fake) Bowling Green Massacre. Please don’t make up attacks,” tweeted Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) on Friday.  In May 2011, two Iraqi men were arrested in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and charged with attempting to send weapons and money to al Qaeda in Iraq. They admitted to using improvised explosive devices against U.S. soldiers in Iraq. Mohanad Shareef Hammadi and Waad Ramadan Alwan pleaded guilty and were sentenced to life in prison and 40 years in prison, respectively. Prosecutors at the time said neither was charged with plotting attacks within the United States. Conway said on Twitter that she meant to say “Bowling Green terrorists.” She also slammed a network reporter for criticizing her. “NBC reporter texted me at 632am re:a diff story; never asked what I meant on @Hardball b4 slamming me on @TODAYshow Not cool, not journalism,” Conway (@KellyannePolls) wrote. On Inauguration Day, Zeke Miller, a TIME Magazine reporter, incorrectly reported that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s bust was removed from the oval office, causing an uproar on social media. Miller (@ZekeJMiller), tweeted later that evening that the bust “was obscured by an agent and a door” and issued multiple apologies for his error. In a similar reaction to Conway, Trump’s administration responded by ripping the media for spreading fake news, with spokesman Sean Spicer describing his actions as “deliberately false reporting” during his first White House press briefing. As “Bowling Green massacre” swept social media, a website called “The Bowling Green Massacre Fund” carrying a parody of Conway’s comments surfaced on Friday. It read, “We all still carry the vivid memories of what horrors occurred at Bowling Green, but some still relive those moments everyday as they work to rebuild a community torn apart.” Clicking on the “donate now” button on the website leads to a donation site of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). The ACLU did not return calls seeking comment.   ",1
5677,Trump to order 180-day delay of Labor Dept 'fiduciary' rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday will call on the U.S. Labor Department to delay for 180 days the implementation of its fiduciary duty rule requiring brokers offering retirement investment advice to put their clients’ interest first, according to a draft memo seen by Reuters. The draft memo also calls for the Labor Department to conduct a legal and economic review of the rule. If the department then concludes the rule is out of step with the administration’s policies, the draft memo says the department should take steps to rescind it. ",1
5678,"Iran to impose legal restrictions on some US entities, individuals: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran on Friday denounced new sanctions imposed on it by the United States and said it would impose legal restrictions on American individuals and entities helping “regional terrorist groups”.  The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday announced sanctions against 13 individuals and 12 entities linked to Iran, days after the White House put Tehran “on notice” over a ballistic missile test.    “The new sanctions ... are not compatible with America’s commitments and resolution 2231 of the U.N. Security Council that endorsed the nuclear deal reached between Iran and six powers,” Iranian state TV quoted a Foreign Ministry statement as saying on Friday. Iran said on Wednesday it had tested the new ballistic missile but said it did not breach a nuclear deal reached with six major powers in 2015 or a U.N. Security Council resolution that endorsed the accord. Tehran said it will react accordingly to any U.S. measure aimed at the Iranian nation’s interests.  “In retaliation for the U.S. sanctions, Iran will impose legal restrictions on some American individuals and entities that were involved in helping and founding regional terrorist groups,” the Foreign Ministry statement said. It said names of the entities and individuals would be announced later. ",1
5679,Treasury secretary to report on regulatory changes in 120 days: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s order on financial regulations issued on Friday will require the Treasury secretary to submit a report on potential regulatory and legislative reforms in 120 days, a White House official said. “This does not mean White House or Treasury has to wait 120 days to move,” the official told Reuters. “We have more items planned in the coming weeks and the policy process is already underway in the White House.” ",1
5680,Transgender court hearing set amid fight over Trump nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday scheduled oral arguments in a major dispute on transgender rights for March 28, when the U.S. Senate is set to be in the midst of a political fight over President Donald Trump’s nominee to a vacant seat on the bench. By March, the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate is likely to be deliberating on whether to approve Neil Gorsuch, a conservative federal appeals court judge from Colorado, to the court. Where Gorsuch stands on social issues like transgender rights is likely to be a much-discussed question during the confirmation process. Republicans are hoping the Senate Judiciary Committee holds hearings and votes on the nomination by late March, paving the way for a vote in the full Senate the first week of April, before the chamber begins a two week spring recess, according to Senate aides. In the transgender case, in which the eight-justice court could be split 4-4 without a ninth vote, a Virginia public school district is fighting to prevent a female-born transgender high school student from using the boys’ bathroom. The dispute involves a transgender student named Gavin Grimm, who identifies as male and sued in 2015 to win the right to use the school’s boys’ bathroom. At the heart of the case is the question of whether transgender people are covered by a ban on gender discrimination in education under federal law. The administration of former President Barack Obama said it was. The Trump administration has not yet weighed in. Until the Senate approves a nominee, the court remains one justice short following the February death of Antonin Scalia, which left it with four conservatives and four liberals. That raises the possibility of a 4-4 ruling that would leave in place the decision favoring Grimm by the Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. A 4-4 ruling would set no nationwide legal precedent. It is also possible that the court could rehear the case if Gorsuch is confirmed. ",1
5681,Trump administration reviewing Cuba policy: White House spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is in the midst “of a full review of all U.S. policies towards Cuba,” with a focus on its human rights policies, as part of a commitment to such rights for citizens throughout the world, a White House spokesman said on Friday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer made the comment during a press conference in response to a question about whether the administration of President Donald Trump planned any policy changes toward Cuba.  ",1
5682,"Iranian foreign minister ""unmoved by threats"" from U.S","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran’s Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tweeted on Friday that the Islamic Republic was unmoved by U.S. threats following its missile test launch and that Tehran would never initiate war. “Iran unmoved by threats as we derive security from our people. Will never initiate war, but we can only rely on our own means of defense,” Zarif wrote. U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted early on Friday that “Iran is playing with fire” and “they don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ President Obama was to them. Not me!” Trump said on Thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with Iran following its launch of a ballistic missile. Fellow Republicans in Congress said they would back him up with new sanctions. Zarif said Iran had no intention to use its military might against any country, except in self-defense. “We will never use our weapons against anyone, except in self-defense. Let us see if any of those who complain can make the same statement,” he tweeted.  Iran said on Thursday it would not yield to “useless” U.S. threats from “an inexperienced person” over its missile program. ",1
5683,Iran bans U.S. wrestlers in retaliation to Trump's visa ban - TV,"(Reuters) - Iran said on Friday it had barred a U.S. wrestling team from the Freestyle World Cup competition in retaliation for an executive order by President Donald Trump banning visas for Iranians, state television reported. The Freestyle World Cup, one of the sport’s most prestigious events, is scheduled for Feb. 16-17 and USA Wrestling had previously said it would send a team to the competition in the western Iranian city of Kermanshah. Tehran has already announced it will stop U.S. citizens entering the country following Washington’s decision to ban refugees and citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries including Iran. “A special committee in Tehran reviewed their cases and decided to oppose the visit by the U.S. freestyle wrestling team,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi was quoted by state television as saying. “The visa policy of the new American administration gave us no other option but to ban the wrestlers.” USA Wrestling said that neither they nor United World Wrestling have been officially notified that these reports are accurate. “We have no official documentation that the USA Wrestling team will be denied the opportunity to participate at the Freestyle World Cup,” USA Wrestling said in a statement. “The Freestyle World Cup is the annual World dual meet championship, one of the most important events that United World Wrestling hosts each year. “If these reports are true, USA Wrestling is extremely disappointed about this, which we believe would be an unacceptable situation. Wrestling is about competition and goodwill through sport, and is no place for politics.” USA Wrestling said on Monday the United States would send a team to Iran, where U.S. freestyle wrestlers have participated in competitions since 1998.  Nenad Lalovic, president of United World Wrestling, the sport’s international federation, said it was working towards a solution. “Though we had hoped for a different outcome from Iran’s Foreign Ministry, we appreciate the complex nature of this decision. We are currently working to find a solution for the Freestyle World Cup as soon as possible,” he said in a statement. “Despite the travel restrictions between their countries I’ve been encouraged this week by the cooperation and friendship of the Iranian Wrestling Federation and USA Wrestling. “As we’ve seen over the years, wrestling is a sport that unites people and nations. United World Wrestling hosts a full calendar of events every season and we’re certain to see American and Iranian wrestlers on the same mat again in the very near future.” Trump has adopted an aggressive stance towards Tehran since Iran’s ballistic missile test-launch, saying it was now “on notice”. The new U.S. administration is expected to impose fresh sanctions on multiple Iranian entities.  ",1
5684,New Iran sanctions 'in pipeline' before Trump took office: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Iran-related sanctions the United States imposed on Friday were “in the pipeline” before President Donald Trump took office, but were activated in light of recent events, the White House said on Friday. “These kinds of sanctions don’t happen quickly but I think the timing of them was clearly in reaction to what we’ve seen over the last couple days,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. “We knew we had these options available to us because they had been worked through the process ... They were in the pipeline.” ",1
5685,White House says will work with Congress to fix Dodd-Frank law,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday that it will continue to work with the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress on a “legislative piece” to address the Dodd-Frank financial regulation law. White House spokesman Sean Spicer made the comment as  President Donald Trump prepared to sign executive actions to direct a review of the Dodd-Frank Act and put the brakes on a retirement advice rule. ,1
5686,White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration said on Thursday that Israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with Palestinians, adopting a more measured tone than its previous pro-Israel announcements. In a statement issued two weeks before Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to visit U.S. President Donald Trump, the White House said the administration “has not taken an official position on settlement activity.” Trump, a Republican, has signaled he could be more accommodating toward settlement projects than his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. The latest statement reflects slightly more nuanced language on how the new administration views settlement activity. “While we don’t believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal,” the White House said in a statement. The statement could disappoint Israel’s far-right, which had hoped Trump would give an unqualified green light on rapid settlement construction in the occupied West Bank and east Jerusalem - areas Israel captured in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.  In the first Israeli reaction to the statement, Danny Danon, Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations, said it was too early to tell how it would affect future building. “It’s still too early to tell ... I would not categorize this as a U-turn by the U.S. administration but the issue is clearly on their agenda ... the issue will be discussed when the prime minister (Netanyahu) meets the president in Washington,” Danon told Israel Radio. “We will not always agree on everything,” he added.      U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke by phone with Netanyahu on Thursday, the State Department said. It did not say whether they discussed the White House statement. Obama routinely criticized settlement construction plans and his administration often described settlement activity as lacking legitimacy and impeding peace. The White House statement came as Israel has ratcheted up settlement activity. On Wednesday, it said it would establish a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, the first since the late 1990s. It also announced plans for 3,000 more settlement homes in the West Bank, the third such declaration in less than two weeks since Trump took office. An announcement a week ago by Israel that it would build some 2,500 more dwellings in the West Bank, where Palestinians now seek statehood, drew rebukes from the Palestinians and the European Union. ",1
5687,Israel interprets U.S. settlements statement as green light,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli officials welcomed on Friday what they took as U.S. consent to expand existing settlements, after the White House reversed a long-standing policy of condemning building on occupied land. In its first substantive announcement on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the Trump administration said it did not see existing settlements hampering peace with the Palestinians, although it recognized that “expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal.” At one level, that appeared to be an attempt to rein in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has announced wide-ranging settlement expansion plans since the Jan. 20 inauguration, including around 6,000 new homes. But on closer reading, the statement was a softening of policy from the Obama administration and even that of George W. Bush, because it does not view settlements as an obstacle to peace or rule out their expansion within existing blocs. “Netanyahu will be happy,” a senior Israeli diplomat said in a text message. “Pretty much carte blanche to build as much as we want in existing settlements as long as we don’t enlarge their physical acreage. No problem there.” Israel’s deputy foreign minister, Tzipi Hotovely from the right-wing of Netanyahu’s Likud party, interpreted it in a similar way, saying construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want for their own state together with Gaza, would go on unhindered. “It is also the opinion of the White House that settlements are not an obstacle to peace and, indeed, they have never been an obstacle to peace,” she said. “Therefore, the conclusion is that more building is not the problem.” Israel seized the West Bank and East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. The 50th anniversary of the occupation, which Israel marks as a reunification of Jerusalem, is in June.  There was no immediate comment from the Palestinians. Since taking office, President Trump has largely kept quiet on the Israeli-Palestinian issue, making no comment in response to Netanyahu’s announcements for thousands more settler homes, a silence interpreted as endorsement. During the campaign, Trump said he would not interfere or push Israel to negotiate on a two-state solution to the conflict. He has nominated David Friedman as ambassador to Israel, a religious Jew who has raised money for the settlements and supports moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump supported that idea during the election campaign, but it has been put on the back-burner in recent weeks. Under Barack Obama, the White House maintained a firm anti-settlements line, calling them illegitimate and an obstacle to peace. Most of the world considers settlements illegal under international law, a position Israel rejects. The European Union and Britain issued statements this week criticizing Netanyahu’s settlement plans, which they see as further breaking up the West Bank and undermining the possibility of a contiguous Palestinian state ever emerging. Netanyahu, who will visit Trump in Washington on Feb. 15, may see the White House statement as doubly beneficial. As well as not ruling out building within existing blocs, which Israel hopes to retain in any final agreement with the Palestinians, it may allow him to silence far-right voices in his own coalition calling for much greater settlement growth and annexation of parts of the West Bank.  Trump has effectively set a limit on how far-ranging settlement-building can be, so Netanyahu will be able to tell the far-right their ambitions are out of the question. At the same time, Netanyahu may have to curtail some of the plans he himself has announced in recent days. While most of the 6,000 settler homes he has promised are in existing blocs, many are not and may have to be scrapped if he wants to adhere to the White House line. He may also have to rethink a pledge this week to build the first new West Bank settlement since the 1990s. ",1
5688,Iran sanctions initial steps in response to 'provocative' behavior: U.S. officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior U.S. administration officials said sanctions imposed against Iran earlier on Friday were only the “initial steps in response to Iranian provocative behavior.” The U.S. Treasury sanctioned 13 individuals and 12 entities under its Iran sanctions authority, days after the White House put Tehran “on notice” over a ballistic missile test and other activities. ",1
5689,"Trump tweets 'Iran is playing with fire', says won't be as kind as Obama","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted early on Friday that “Iran is playing with fire” and “they don’t appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me!” Trump plans to impose sanctions on several Iranian entities, seeking to ratchet up pressure on Tehran while crafting a broader strategy to counter what he sees as its destabilizing behavior, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.  Iran’s decision to test-fire a ballistic missile on Sunday helped trigger Trump’s decision, which could be announced as early as Friday, they said. ",1
5690,U.S. Treasury says Iran sanctions aimed at 'malign activity abroad',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury said sanctions announced on Friday against a group of individuals and entities underscored a U.S. commitment to use such measures over Iran’s ballistic missile program and “destabilizing activities in the region.” It said in a statement that the sanctions were “fully consistent” with U.S. commitments under the Iran nuclear deal reached in 2015, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.   ",1
5691,House repeals Obama rule on methane emissions on federal lands,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday repealed a rule put forth in the final days of the Obama administration that limited emissions of the potent greenhouse gas methane from oil and gas drilling on federal lands, in the latest move by Republican lawmakers to overturn regulation on the energy industry. The Senate is expected to vote next on repealing the rule, which was part of former President Barack Obama’s efforts to curb climate change. Congress this week repealed pollution and anti-corruption rules on energy companies.   ",1
5692,Iranians fear attacks and economic isolation as Trump gets tough,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Many Iranians who dreamt of quiet, comfortable lives after a nuclear deal with world powers in 2015 are starting to worry for the first time in decades they might be bombed in their own homes. Since taking office last month, U.S. President Donald Trump has pledged to get tough with Iran, warning the Islamic Republic after its ballistic missile test on Sunday that it was playing with fire and all U.S. options were on the table. Analysts say those options could range from diplomacy to military action and some scared Iranians are even preparing escape plans, just as they did in the eight-year war with Iraq when Saddam Hussein’s jets pounded Iranian towns and cities. “I told my children to have their passports ready ... if attacked by Israel or America we can flee to Turkey by car because airports will be closed,” said Ghorbanali Azhari, 65, a retired teacher in the Western city of Kermanshah. “We have had enough. An eight-year war, economic hardship, sanctions ... I cannot let my grandchildren live in fear. There will be bloodshed,” Azhari said. Trump plans to impose sanctions on several Iranian entities following its missile test, while crafting a broader strategy to counter what he sees as Iran’s destabilizing behavior, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday. Iran’s most powerful authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has continued to denounce the United States, suggesting the antagonism between the two countries since the 1979 revolution will not abate because of the nuclear deal.  “I thought Iran’s political and economic isolation was  over ... but now I am deeply concerned about a military strike,” said private bank employee Homayoun Barkhordar. “I do not want war with any country. I love my country. We just want to live in peace,” said the 38-year-old father of two. While experts say both sides would take care to avoid armed confrontation in the oil-rich Gulf, U.S. threats of reprisals for the missile test, coupled with Iran’s defiant reaction, could ratchet up tensions dangerously. “I am thinking of moving to a small town,” said Ali Gharveh in the central city of Isfahan, which was bombed by Iraq during the 1980-88 war. “Life is cheaper and is safer than big cities that might be the main targets if America wants to attack Iran.”  The United States and Iran have been at loggerheads since the revolution that toppled the U.S.-backed Shah and Washington cut diplomatic ties when students stormed the U.S. embassy soon after and took 52 Americans hostage for 444 days. The United States and its regional allies accuse Iran of trying to tighten its grip on Arab states, from Iraq to Lebanon, to Syria to Yemen, and Trump has accused former U.S. President Barack Obama of being too kind to Tehran. Days after coming to power, Trump barred residents from seven mainly Muslim countries, including Iran, from traveling to the United States for 90 days. Officials in Iran said Tehran would limit issuing visas to Americans in response. “I always wanted my two children to study in America. But the new government is just spreading hatred towards Iranians,” said Firuzeh Hengam, a computer engineer in the central city of Kashan. “They say no options are off the table. It means attacking Iran is among their options.” But while many Iranians worry about an escalation with the United States, just as they worry about economic hardship at home, they are also loyal and defiant.  “Iran is my home no matter who the rulers are. Look at Syrians who left their country because of the war. They are being humiliated ... I do not want to be like them,” said hairdresser Samira Azamzadeh, 47, in the northern city of Rasht. “I don’t have money to go abroad. I am a single mother of two teenage girls.” Iran’s economy has been hit hard by the double hammer blows of years of sanctions over its nuclear program and the plunge in oil prices since the middle of 2014.  Iranians had pinned their hopes on economic progress following the nuclear deal, but a year after sanctions were lifted the economy is only recovering slowly and deals with Western investors are few and far between. They now worry that U.S. aggression and the curbs on travel will make wary Western investors even less likely to return to do business with Tehran. “The economic situation will even get worse because of the America’s tough language. It will scare away foreign investors,” said Omid Sadrzadeh, a factory owner in Karaj near the capital Tehran. One former senior Iranian official also said Trump’s approach was playing into the hands of powerful hardliners such as Iran’s elite Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC). The IRGC controls the country’s missile program and its deputy said on Thursday it had many underground missile facilities hidden in the mountains. “Iran’s hardliners want a war. It will strengthen their position in the establishment. They want Iran to be isolated,” said the official, who asked not to be named. “They will do whatever they can to deepen tension between Iran and America, from launching missiles to giving fiery speeches.” Analysts say Tehran could retaliate against any military strike with hit-and-run attacks in the Gulf and by closing the Strait of Hormuz, the strategic waterway through which some 40 percent of Gulf oil exports pass. Iranian authorities have warned arch-enemy Israel and the United States in the past that Tehran’s response to a military strike would be tough, and some of Iran’s guided missiles have the range to strike Israel. Arash Kiai, a teenager in the central city of Yazd is scared, and angry, both with Trump and Iranian officials. But he will fall in line behind them if it comes to war. “Whatever happens in the world they blame Iran. But why? We are peaceful people,” he said. “I am not an Iran regime supporter but Trump has no right to humiliate Iranians. If attacked, I will fight for Iran.” ",1
5693,U.S. announces new Iran-related sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Friday sanctioned 13 individuals and 12 entities under U.S. Iran sanctions authority, days after the White House had put Iran “on notice” over a ballistic missile test and other activities. In a statement on its website, the U.S. Treasury listed the sanctioned individuals and entities, some of which are based in the United Arab Emirates, Lebanon and China. ",1
5694,No sign U.S. wants to cancel nuclear deal with Iran: German minister,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said it was necessary to do everything possible to make progress on the nuclear deal with Iran and that he did not see any indications during a visit to the United States that Washington would terminate it. U.S. President Donald Trump said earlier on Thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with Iran following its test launch of a ballistic missile. ,1
5695,Senate sets fight over Education Secretary for next week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate could vote as early as Monday on confirming President Donald Trump’s pick for education secretary, Betsy DeVos, with the political parties potentially entering a standoff requiring Vice President Mike Pence to act as tie-breaker. On Friday morning, the Senate voted 52 to 48 on a procedural measure paving the way to the final confirmation vote, which the education committee chairman, Senator Lamar Alexander, said will happen early in the week. DeVos, a billionaire philanthropist and charter-schools advocate, has faced unusually fierce opposition for a role that rarely receives congressional debate or public notice.  After her confirmation hearing, where DeVos seemed ill-equipped to discuss public education issues and suggested allowing guns at schools to fend off bear attacks, voters flooded Capitol Hill with calls and emails to block her nomination. Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski have said they will not vote for her, the first Republicans to break party ranks and vote against one of Trump’s cabinet nominees. If one more Republican sides with Democrats against her nomination, DeVos will become only the 10th cabinet nominee in U.S. history rejected by Congress.  Voting margins are so thin that Pence, as head of the Senate, may have to cast a tie-breaking vote. The Senate’s top Democrat, Charles Schumer, pressed Republicans to consider voting against her over the weekend. “The nominee for the secretary of education is one of the worst nominees that has ever been brought before this body for a cabinet position,” he said on the Senate floor. “Sometimes loyalty to a new president demands a bit too much.” Alexander, a former education secretary, is confident that DeVos will ultimately be approved. On the Senate floor he said she would be excellent in the role. Republicans see DeVos as a champion of low-income children and local control of education. “I would argue that she has been among the forefront of the leaders...for the most successful reform of the last 30 years to change and improve public education, and that would be the public charter schools,” he said. Democrats worry DeVos’ support for charters, which operate  independently of school districts and are frequently run by corporations, means she wants to undermine public schools.  They also have expressed dismay about her refusal to pledge to uphold rules on sexual assault, for-profit colleges and fair access to disabled students, as well as potential conflicts of interest with her investments. ",1
5696,Judge orders temporary ban on Trump immigration restrictions,"(Reuters) - A U.S. district judge in Detroit has issued an order temporarily restraining the Trump administration from carrying out immigration restrictions in a presidential executive order, according to a court document. Judge Victoria Roberts issued the order on Thursday in response to a motion filed with the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan seeking a permanent injunction “that prohibits the denial of entry into the United States of legal permanent residents and those with valid immigrant visas” under President Donald Trump’s Jan. 27 order.   ",1
5697,"Iran says will never use its weapons against anyone, except in self-defense","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran’s Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tweeted on Friday that Tehran would never use its military might against any country, except in self-defense, in reaction to U.S. President Donald Trump’s tough approach towards Tehran.  “We will never use our weapons against anyone, except in self-defense. Let us see if any of those who complain can make the same statement,” he tweeted.  ",1
5698,Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group,"SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban.  Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington.  “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. ",1
5699,U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s defense secretary warned North Korea on Friday of an “effective and overwhelming” response if it chose to use nuclear weapons, as he reassured South Korea of steadfast U.S. support. “Any attack on the United States, or our allies, will be defeated, and any use of nuclear weapons would be met with a response that would be effective and overwhelming,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said at South Korea’s defense ministry, at the end of a two-day visit. Mattis’ remarks come amid concern that North Korea could be readying to test a new ballistic missile, in what could be an early challenge for Trump’s administration. North Korea, which regularly threatens to destroy South Korea and its main ally, the United States, conducted more than 20 missile tests last year, as well as two nuclear tests, in defiance of U.N. resolutions and sanctions. The North also appears to have also restarted operation of a reactor at its main Yongbyon nuclear facility that produces plutonium that can be used for its nuclear weapons program, according to the U.S. think-tank 38 North. “North Korea continues to launch missiles, develop its nuclear weapons program and engage in threatening rhetoric and behavior,” Mattis said. North Korea’s actions have prompted the United States and South Korea to respond by bolstering defenses, including the expected deployment of a U.S. missile defense system, known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD), in South Korea later this year.  The two sides reconfirmed that commitment on Friday. China, however, has objected to THAAD, saying it is a direct threat to China’s own security and will do nothing to bring North Korea back to the negotiating table, leading to calls from some South Korean opposition leaders to delay or cancel it. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated China’s opposition, which he said would never change. “We do not believe this move will be conducive to resolving the Korean peninsula nuclear issue or to maintaining peace and stability on the peninsula,” Lu told a daily news briefing in Beijing.  South Korean Defense Minister Han Min-koo said Mattis’ visit to Seoul - his first trip abroad as defense secretary - sent a clear message of strong U.S. support. “Faced with a current severe security situation, Secretary Mattis’ visit to Korea ... also communicates the strongest warning to North Korea,” Han said.  Once fully developed, a North Korean intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) could threaten the continental United States, which is about 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or more. Former U.S. officials and other experts have said the United States essentially has two options when it comes to trying to curb North Korea’s fast-expanding nuclear and missile programs - negotiate or take military action. Neither path offers certain success and the military option is fraught with huge dangers, especially for Japan and South Korea, U.S. allies in close proximity to North Korea. Mattis is due in Japan later on Friday. ",1
5700,Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager,"(Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world’s largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski’s help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed’s Marillyn Hewson didn’t go well. “Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm,” spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for “out of control” costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing’s (BA.N) next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign’s fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. ",1
5701,Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s pick for ambassador to China, Terry Branstad, said he would help increase trade in a “win-win” for both countries, Chinese state media reported, amid concerns over protectionist talk from the new U.S. administration. Trump has railed against China’s trade practices, blaming them for U.S. job losses, and has threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. Beijing says it will work with Washington to resolve any trade disputes, but state media has warned of retaliation if Trump takes the first steps toward a trade war. Branstad, currently the governor of Iowa, said he would help to work out differences and that there was immense potential for more Chinese investment in the United States. “We want to continue to enhance the relationship and to increase trade between our two countries,” Branstad told China’s official Xinhua news agency in an interview in the United States published late on Thursday. “I hope ... that I can play a constructive role trying to work out many of these differences in a way that makes it a win-win. It is beneficial to both of our countries, and also benefits the rest of the world,” Xinhua cited Branstad as saying. “I think we have seen just the tip of the iceberg of the potential (Chinese) investments here,” he said. Trump’s nomination of Branstad, a longtime Republican governor who has developed relationships with Chinese President Xi Jinping and other Chinese leaders, was well-received, even among some Democrats.  He still faces a confirmation hearing. Trump has moved to fill his administration with critics of China’s trade policies, including Wilbur Ross for Commerce Secretary, Robert Lighthizer for U.S. Trade Representative, and Peter Navarro, an economist and China hawk who will serve as a White House adviser. Xi and Trump have yet to speak since Trump took office, though they did talk soon after Trump won the election. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, asked whether a call was in the offing, would only say the two countries were continuing to remain in “close contact”.  Free trade advocates worry that Trump’s trade team will be too quick to use tariffs to keep imports out, raising costs for manufacturers that rely on imported parts - or even sparking retaliatory trade wars. Xi made a vigorous defense of globalization at the World Economic Forum last month, and presented China’s economy as a “wide open”, despite complaints from the foreign business community that Beijing has not made good on pledges of economic liberalization.  The official China Daily newspaper said on Friday that China could weather trade frictions better than the United States, as its exports accounted for a larger proportion of global trade, but that Trump’s words and actions “bode ill” for relations. “China needs to cast aside any illusions it may have had that Trump was just mouthing off to attract votes and instead be prepared for the worst,” the paper said in an editorial. Commentary from influential Chinese state-run media does not equate with policy, but can be reflective of official thinking.  Trump’s daughter, Ivanka Trump, was greeted by China’s ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, at a Lunar New Year reception at the embassy in Washington on Thursday. The China Daily said her father had “broken a tradition” of U.S. presidents “sending New Year’s greetings to people of Chinese origin in the United States for their most important festival”. ",1
5702,Lawsuit claims Trump travel ban discriminates against Muslims,"(Reuters) - The American Civil Liberties Union accused the Trump administration in a lawsuit filed on Thursday of violating the religious freedom of some nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries who have been barred from entering the United States. The ACLU filed the lawsuit in federal court in the Northern District of California on behalf of three student visa holders, including one Yemeni who left the United States and is unable to come back, according to court documents.   The lawsuit is a proposed class-action brought on behalf of nationals who are living or have lived in the United States and are originally from the Muslim-majority nations whose citizens President Donald Trump has temporarily banned from entering the United States, with some exceptions. The suit is the latest in a series of legal actions challenging the executive order that was issued last Friday. Federal judges in several states have placed limits on the order.  The order set off protests over the weekend at several major airports as immigration and customs officials struggled to interpret the new rules. The plaintiffs and the members of the class “fear that, in the event they attempt to enter or re-enter the United States, they will be denied permission to do so,” the lawsuit said.  It accuses Trump and his administration of violating the free speech, religious freedom and due process rights of those affected by the order, and says it is an attempt to fulfill a campaign promise made by Trump to ban Muslims from entering the United States.  “Senior advisers to defendant Trump have engaged in anti-Muslim rhetoric that provides additional support for the notion that the executive order was prompted by animus toward Islam and Muslims,” the suit said. Department of Justice officials could not be reached for comment late on Thursday. The ACLU asked the court to rule that the executive order violates the rights of the students and class members and to order the administration not to enforce the travel ban, according to the suit. ",1
5703,China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday it resolutely opposes deployment of a U.S. anti-missile defense system in South Korea after South Korea said its defense chiefs have agreed to deploy the system this year. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated China’s opposition to the U.S. system at a daily news briefing in Beijing. China has consistently opposed the decision to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, saying it threatens China’s own security and will do nothing to ease tension on the Korean peninsula. South Korea and the United States say the system is only intended to defend against North Korean aggression. ",1
5704,Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations said on Friday it was too early to tell how the White House’s latest statement on Israel’s recent drive to build new homes in the occupied West Bank would affect future building. It was a first reaction by an Israeli official to the statement in Washington hours earlier by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump that Israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with Palestinians. “It’s still too early to tell ... I would not categorize this as a U-turn by the U.S. administration but the issue is clearly on their agenda ... the issue will be discussed when the prime minister (Benjamin Netanyahu) meets the president in Washington,” Israel’s U.N. ambassador, Danny Danon told Israel Radio. “We will not always agree on everything.” ",1
5705,U.S. Republicans wrestle with effort to gut Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in Congress struggled on Thursday with their efforts to dismantle Obamacare, with conservatives urging haste while some lawmakers said the task had become more of a repair job than the repeal of the U.S. healthcare law promised by President Donald Trump’s administration. Two influential conservatives in the House of Representatives, worried that the process was getting bogged down, said the repeal measure that the Republican-majority Congress passed last year should be taken up quickly. But in the Senate, Republican Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and chairman of the health committee counseled patience. He said changes to the law would be made in “chunks” and would be better labeled a “repair.” “It’s more accurate to talk about repairing it ... we’re repairing the damage Obamacare has done,” Alexander said outside the Senate. “We’re not repealing all of Obamacare, it’s not technically possible to do that (now) in the procedures that we have in the Senate, and secondly, there are some parts of it we want to keep,” he said. But Vice President Mike Pence, asked in a Fox News interview about talk of repairing Obamacare, pushed back, saying: “We are absolutely committed to follow through on President Trump’s directive to repeal and replace Obamacare and to have the Congress do it at the same time.”   Trump and congressional Republicans campaigned on a promise to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic legislation that Republicans  consider federal government overreach.  While Republicans voted last month to start the process of scrapping the law, they missed a target date of Jan. 27 to begin drafting legislation to do so. At a congressional retreat last week, Republican leaders told lawmakers they hoped Congress would finish the repeal by March or April.  Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative Freedom Caucus, and Representative Jim Jordan, the caucus’ former chairman, urged the party leadership on Thursday to quickly enact a repeal measure. “That’s what the American people expect us to do – and they expect us to do it quickly,” they said. Obama, a Democrat, vetoed the repeal passed by the Republican-controlled Congress last year. Three of the biggest national insurers have also stepped up pressure on the lawmakers to act. Aetna Inc (AET.N), Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) and Cigna Corp (CI.N) this week urged changes in Obamacare individual plan regulations in the next few weeks, in time for them to decide if they will sell the products in 2018. They want stricter oversight of eligibility and enrollment periods, as well as other changes. Without them, these insurers say they may pull out of the Obamacare exchanges next year, which would lead to less competition and higher premium rates. Rates for 2017 rose an average of 25 percent. Edmund Haislmaier, a Heritage Foundation senior research fellow who advised the Trump transition team to help craft the regulation change but has not seen the final version, said he expected it to address concerns of insurers. He said insurers were consulted. “The incoming administration and the insurers have by in large the same agenda on a lot of this stuff,” said Haislmaier. He said that pleasing the insurers could help Congress move more quickly on a plan to repeal and replace the law. “The (administration) can reassure Republicans that we’re taking steps so the market doesn’t blow up when you move ahead with legislation, and I think that would actually maybe move the process along on the Hill,” he said. Democrats were enjoying the Republican turmoil. They have long accused Republicans of rushing to gut the law without having a replacement plan ready. The law has enabled up to 20 million previously uninsured Americans to obtain health coverage. “They (Republicans) haven’t come up with the so-called repairs,” the Senate’s No. 2 Democrat, Dick Durbin of Illinois, said in a hallway. “What a departure (for the Republicans), from ‘let’s repeal it and walk away from it and America will be a better place.’” ",1
5706,"Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. Within hours of starting the job, Tillerson reached out by phone to counterparts from Mexico and Canada, spoke by phone with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and met with German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, department officials said. Hundreds of State Department officials greeted the former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) chief executive with applause as he entered the building. Louder cheers broke out when Tillerson thanked acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon for standing in after the departure of John Kerry. “Hi, I’m the new guy,” said Tillerson, who was sworn in on Wednesday after the Senate confirmed him to his post despite concerns about his ties with Russia. Trump has called for closer relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin. In remarks that did not touch on foreign policy specifics, Tillerson addressed the dissent within the department that emerged this week in a memo signed by more than 900 officials in protest against Trump’s decision to suspend the U.S. refugee program and restrict travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. “One of the great challenges and thrills for the State Department staff is deciding how to confront changing conditions in every corner of the world,” said Tillerson, “I encourage all of you to use your natural and well-developed skills to adapt to changes here at home as well. “I know this was a hotly contested election and we do not all feel the same way about the outcome,” said Tillerson. “Each of us is entitled to expression of our political beliefs, but we cannot let our personal convictions overwhelm our ability to work as one team.” He also signaled he would impose changes to improve the functioning of the department and said the security of diplomats was a priority. There was no readout after his meeting with Gabriel at the State Department, although discussions were likely focused on the NATO alliance, the future of the Iran nuclear agreement and trade.  His separate phone calls with foreign ministers from Canada and Mexico coincided with Trump saying on Thursday he wanted early talks on the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he wants to renegotiate or repeal. “I know him and we are very excited having the opportunity to work with him,” Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said in an interview on CNN on Thursday evening, adding that he would meet Tillerson shortly. The two met a couple of times when Videgaray was finance minister and Tillerson at Exxon, he said. Tillerson also spoke by phone with Netanyahu, the State Department said in a statement. It did not say whether they discussed a White House statement that said Israeli settlements in occupied territories may not be helpful in achieving peace with Palestinians, adopting a more measured tone than its previous pro-Israel announcements. “In all of his conversations, Secretary Tillerson stressed America’s steadfast commitment to its key allies and partners as it works to protect the interests and safety of the American people,” acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement. Tillerson inherits a messy globe, with war in Syria and Iraq, nuclear-armed North Korea threatening to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile, and increased violence in eastern Ukraine. Over the past 48 hours, more foreign policy challenges piled up as tensions erupted between the United States and ally Australia over an existing refugee swap, which Trump called a “dumb deal.” Strains with Iran also increased after the White House said it was putting Tehran on notice for test-firing a ballistic missile and the new administration moved to impose sanctions on several Iranian entities on Friday, according to sources familiar with the matter. ",1
5707,"U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says","SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. and South Korean defense chiefs have agreed to deploy a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea this year to counter the threat from North Korea, South Korea’s defense ministry said on Friday.     U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is on his two-day visit to Seoul, meeting South Korean top officials including Defense Minister Han Min-koo. “The two agreed to deploy and operate Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system within this year as planned, which is a defense system solely against North Korea’s missile threat,” the South Korean defense ministry said in a statement, referring to the meeting between Han and Mattis. ",1
5708,Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. As Trump used a prayer breakfast to take aim at a long-standing statutory barrier between politics and religion called the Johnson Amendment, civil liberties and gay rights groups expressed concern that he might consider an executive order to allow government agencies and businesses to deny services to gay people in the name of religious freedom. Trump did not reference such an order in his remarks. But he lambasted the Johnson Amendment, which prohibits tax-exempt organizations such as churches and other places of worship, charities and educational institutions from directly or indirectly participating in any political campaign in favor or against a political candidate.  “I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson Amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution. I will do that, remember,” Trump told U.S. politicians, religious leaders and guests including Jordan’s King Abdullah at the annual National Prayer Breakfast. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters Trump wanted to find ways to make sure people were not penalized for following through on their religious beliefs.  A draft executive order on “religious freedom” circulating among advocacy groups would allow government officials to deny marriage licenses to gay couples and let businesses withhold services from gay people, activists said.  The White House said it was not working on such an order. Trump previously spoke out against the Johnson amendment during the campaign and won the support of evangelical Christian leaders including Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. A change in the law would require action in the Republican-led U.S. Congress, and Republican lawmakers introduced legislation that would reverse the policy. After Trump’s remarks, Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters he has “always supported” eliminating the Johnson Amendment. Critics including the group Americans United for Separation of Church and State expressed alarm. “President Donald Trump and his allies in the religious right seek to turn America’s houses of worship into miniature political action committees,” said the group’s executive director, Barry Lynn. “It would also lead some houses of worship to focus on supporting candidates in exchange for financial and other aid. That would be a disaster for both churches and politics in America,” Lynn said. Peter Montgomery of the liberal advocacy group People For the American Way said Trump wants to pay back religious conservatives who helped get him elected “by letting them turn their churches into political machines with tax-exempt charitable dollars.” Scrapping the Johnson Amendment has been a goal of Christian conservatives, who contend it violates free speech and religious freedom rights. The U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment guarantees freedom of religion and bars the government from establishing an official religion. “We are encouraged to see that President Trump understands the very real constitutional violation posed by the Johnson Amendment and that he is committed to restoring a pastor’s right to speak freely from the pulpit without fearing government retribution,” said Erik Stanley, senior counsel for the conservative Christian legal group Alliance Defending Freedom. Trump used the opening moments of the usually solemn prayer breakfast to deride actor Arnold Schwarzenegger, his successor on a reality TV show, for his viewership ratings.  Trump said Schwarzenegger, the Republican former governor of California, had disastrous ratings on the NBC reality TV program “Celebrity Apprentice,” which Trump previously starred in. “They hired a big, big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, to take my place. And we know how that turned out,” Trump said. “It’s been a total disaster. ... And I want to just pray for Arnold if we can, for those ratings, OK?” Schwarzenegger, who endorsed Ohio Governor John Kasich over Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, shot back, alluding to the controversies of Trump’s first two weeks in office. “Hey Donald, I have a great idea,” Schwarzenegger said in a video. “Why don’t we switch jobs? You take over TV, because you’re such an expert in ratings, and I take over your job. And then people can finally sleep comfortably again.” Spicer later called Trump’s remarks “light-hearted” and part of an “absolutely beautiful” speech. Trump a week ago put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Trump defended his directive on Thursday as crucial to ensuring religious freedom and tolerance in America, and said he wanted to prevent a “beachhead of intolerance” from spreading in the United States. He also called terrorism a fundamental threat to religious freedom. “The world is in trouble, but we’re going to straighten it out. OK? That’s what I do. I fix things,” Trump said. “When you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having, don’t worry about it,” Trump added, apparently referring to telephone conversations including one with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. “It’s time we’re going to be a little tough folks. We’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually. It’s not going to happen anymore,” Trump said. ",1
5709,U.S. watchdog agency to review implementation of Trump travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A watchdog agency at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said it is planning to review how President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order to temporarily suspend travel from seven majority-Muslim nations was implemented. The review of Friday’s order was being planned “in response to congressional request and whistleblower and hotline complaints,” the DHS’s Office of Inspector General said in a statement late Wednesday.  The watchdog agency would also look at “DHS’ adherence to court orders and allegations of individual misconduct on the part of DHS personnel,” the statement said. “If circumstances warrant, the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review.” The order, which barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries, triggered widespread protests and caused confusion for travelers around the world. It also spurred several legal challenges, in particular over the initial detention or barring from flights of legal permanent residents who hold U.S. green cards. The department does not comment on investigations by the Office of the Inspector General.  Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Tuesday that no member of the Homeland Security team intentionally ignored a court order and that the department was in compliance with judicial orders on immigration.  The White House said on Wednesday it had issued updated guidance making clear green card holders would not need a waiver to enter the United States. In California, a federal judge in Los Angeles ruled that Trump’s administration must allow immigrants with initial clearance for legal residency to enter the United States despite the ban. Massachusetts, New York, Virginia and Washington state have also challenged the order. Ali Vayeghan, an Iranian citizen and U.S. visa holder who was forced out of the country last week, became on Thursday the first person allowed back into United States because of the California court action. Vayeghan declined to comment on Trump or the order when speaking with reporters at Los Angeles International Airport but said through an interpreter, “This is what human rights look like.” The OIG statement said it would provide a final report to Kelly, the U.S. Congress and the public after its review but didn’t say how long the review would take. DHS includes the Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agencies. Democratic U.S. Senators Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin had sought the investigation. “Though I’m encouraged by the DHS Inspector General’s decision to investigate the chaotic implementation of this un-American and unconstitutional executive order, I will continue to fight for it to be revoked,” Durbin said in a statement. (This version of the story has been refiled to correct day to Thursday from Wednesday in paragraph 10) ",1
5710,"Tillerson calls counterparts from Mexico, Canada: State Department official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called his counterparts from Mexico and Canada in some of his first exchanges with foreign leaders since taking the helm of the State Department on Thursday, a State Department official said. The official did not release details of the calls, although they came as U.S. President Donald Trump’s pushes to speed up talks to either renegotiate or replace the North American Free Trade Agreement with both countries. ",1
5711,Critics decry Trump plan to limit counter-extremism program,"SAN FRANCISCO/ WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Trump administration effort to exclude violent white supremacists from a government anti-terrorism program and focus efforts solely on Islamist extremism drew a sharp backlash Thursday, with New York state’s top prosecutor denouncing the move and civil liberties advocates suggesting it is illegal. The proposed revamp, reported by Reuters on Wednesday, would rename the multi-agency “Countering Violent Extremism” (CVE) task force to “Countering Islamic Extremism” or “Countering Radical Islamic Extremism,” and eliminate initiatives aimed at other violent hate groups in the United States. “Abandoning efforts to counter violent white supremacist ideology is profoundly misguided and will endanger Americans,”     New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement, adding that he urged President Donald Trump to keep the focus on  “all extremist threats.” Hugh Handeyside, a staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, said an explicit focus on American Muslims would violate “basic constitutional principles,” suggesting the changes described would be met with legal challenges. The Anti-Defamation League also criticized the plan, citing internal research that found 74 percent of deaths caused by domestic extremists between 2007 and 2016 were caused by “right-wing extremists such as white supremacists, sovereign citizens and militia adherents.” Postings on white supremacist websites welcomed the potential changes.  Facebook Inc., which like many internet platforms is often used by extremists, has financially supported at least one  CVE initiative but had no comment Thursday on the prospective changes. Sharp rhetoric about the threat posed by “radical Islam” was a central part of Trump’s 2016 election campaign. The Republican frequently ridiculed then President Barack Obama and Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for being politically correct in their approach to groups such as Islamic State. Contributors to Stormfront, a white supremacist web site, praised the administration.     “Oh my goodness. Is this for real. Amazing my government no longer targets me as the enemy,” wrote one prolific poster going by the username Magog.     Another regular poster, Celtchar, wrote: “Wow. It just keeps getting better and better,” adding that the anti-fascist movement’s “days are numbered.” The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) declined to comment on the proposed changes. Last Friday, Trump signed an executive order temporarily blocking travel to the United States by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries, prompting a global outcry and charges from his critics that he was advancing a white nationalist agenda. Trump has said he wants to put America first but has rejected characterizations of the order as a “Muslim ban.” Trump’s moves have already undermined participation in the CVE program, which is based on working with community groups to identify potential “lone wolf” attackers and recruits. Minnesota-based Ka Joog, a nonprofit which provides community based programs for Somali youth, late Wednesday became the second group to pull out of the program, citing concerns about the Trump administration’s posture toward Muslims in turning down a $499,998 grant. “That’s a lot of money, especially in the nonprofit world,” said Mohamed Farah, the organization’s director. “But at the end of the day it all comes down to principle. I am a refugee, I am a Muslim, I am an immigrant and this president is against everything I stand for.”     Last week, Leaders Advancing & Helping Communities, a Michigan-based group led by Lebanese-Americans and another grant recipient, declined a $500,000 provided by the DHS. ",1
5712,Trump names former 'black site' prison operator CIA deputy chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A veteran CIA clandestine service officer who ran one of the agency’s “black site” prisons set up after the 9/11 attacks was named deputy director of the U.S. spy agency on Thursday by U.S. President Donald Trump.  Gina Haspel, who will serve under new Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo, was the first woman spy to reach the CIA’s second-highest position, and her selection won applause inside the agency’s Virginia headquarters and from many longtime U.S. intelligence professionals. However, Haspel once ran a secret CIA prison in Thailand where two suspected al-Qaeda members were waterboarded, intelligence and congressional officials said on condition of anonymity. She helped carry out an order to destroy videotapes of the waterboarding, which simulates drowning and is considered a form of torture, these people said.  Her promotion, combined with the possibility Trump could seek to reopen black site prisons and has endorsed waterboarding, may be controversial, despite the fact Pompeo and defense secretary James Mattis have rejected so called “enhanced interrogation techniques.” A draft executive order requesting a review of whether the U.S. should reopen CIA prisons in other countries and revisit other interrogation methods not considered torture has been circulating within the White House, but it is not clear if it will be issued, and if it is, whether any nations would agree to host such facilities again, the officials said. “I appreciate Ms. Haspel’s many years of service at the CIA, yet I want some reassurance from her that she intends to comply with both the spirit and the letter of the law, like Director Pompeo testified that he would during his confirmation process,” said Democrat Mark Warner, vice chairman of the Senate intelligence committee. Christopher Anders, the deputy director of the Washington office of the American Civil Liberties Union, said he was “gravely concerned” about Haspel’s appointment. Haspel has served in a number of overseas posts, including as chief of a major CIA station, and although she was briefly acting head of the National Clandestine Service in 2013, Senator Dianne Feinstein, ranking minority member of the intelligence committee, opposed her permanent promotion to that job. Other veteran officials, though, praised Pompeo for choosing her. “It speaks well of him for picking a seasoned veteran of the agency who is widely and deeply respected by the workforce as well as those outside the agency,” said former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, who resigned on January 20 after 50 years of military and intelligence service. ",1
5713,Trump threatens U.C. Berkeley after protests stop far-right speech,"SACRAMENTO, Calif./NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump threatened on Thursday to cut funding to the University of California at Berkeley after protesters smashed windows and set fires at the school, forcing the cancellation of an appearance by a far-right Breitbart News editor. Trump’s threat in a tweet provoked a response from California lawmakers, who in discussions on the floor of the state senate called it distasteful and an abuse of power, marking the latest clash between the Republican president and officials in the Democratic-majority state. “If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” Trump wrote on Twitter at 6:13 a.m. EST (1113 GMT).  It was not immediately clear what action Trump could take without authorization from Congress, or without risking legal action.  In California, a mostly Democratic state where lawmakers have already begun preparing legislation to combat Trump’s policies on immigration and climate change, the response was swift. “To have the man at the helm of the most powerful nation of the world tweeting and threatening the University of California and talking about withholding funds, that’s unique and I find that very distasteful,” said Senate leader Kevin de Leon, a Los Angeles Democrat. Lawmakers said they would look into whether President Trump could actually take funds from the university which receives $400 to $450 million in funding for research annually. In 2016, the university also received $216 million in federal student aid, a legislative official said. “All we have to go on now is another angry tweet,” said Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon, a Democrat from the Los Angeles suburb of Paramount. He said lawmakers would continue to seek ways to protect the state, a Democratic stronghold where voters went two-to-one for Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton in the November, 2016 election.      “We have been having ongoing discussions on how to protect California from potential harm from the Trump Administration – those discussions will continue,” Rendon said. Trump’s tweet came in response to violence that broke out on the University’s flagship campus amid demonstrations against the appearance of Milo Yiannopoulos of Breitbart News, the right-wing website formerly headed by presidential adviser Steve Bannon. On Thursday, Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks condemned the violence. “Last night the Berkeley campus was invaded by more than 100 armed individuals clad in all black who utilized paramilitary tactics to engage in violent, destructive behavior,” Dirks said. He said the 38,000-student campus, home to the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s, respected Yiannopoulos’ right to speak. U.S. Representative Barbara Lee, a Democrat whose district includes Berkeley, vowed to fight any attempt to slash funding. “Simply put, President Trump’s empty threat to cut funding from UC Berkeley is an abuse of power,” Lee said. According to a Reuters review, the research money received by the university includes $121 million from the National Science Foundation for scientific research and $125 million from the Health and Human Services department for health and medical research. It may be difficult for Trump to cut off this money, as much of it is awarded through a competitive process that evaluates projects based on scientific merit. Yiannopoulos has been a provocative figure on the internet  for years, and has been widely criticized for comments he has made about Muslims, Black Lives Matter activists and feminists. “Obviously it’s a liberal campus so they hate any libertarians or conservatives who dare to express an opinion on their campuses,” he told Fox News. “They particularly don’t like me.”  (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped word “million” in paragraph seven) ",1
5714,Can Trump cut funds to UC Berkeley? Experts say not really,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump does not have the authority to withhold funding from the University of California at Berkeley where violent protests led to the cancellation of a speech by a far-right editor, academics and experts said on Thursday. Trump threatened to cut funds for the university’s flagship Berkeley campus in a Twitter posting accusing the institution of failing to support free speech and practicing violence against innocent people. But academics and experts interviewed by Reuters said state universities mostly receive federal funds in the form of research grants and financial aid to students, and these cannot be revoked for reasons related to freedom of speech. “There is nothing in current legislation that would allow President Trump to do that,” said Don Heller, a provost at the University of San Francisco and an expert in public education financing. UC Berkeley receives between $400 million and $450 million annually in federal funding for research, and about $216 million for student financial aid, officials said. Some of that can be withheld but only in very specific circumstances, such as the publication of fraudulent research or the refusal of a university to comply with the Title IX law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in educational programs. To add freedom of speech to that list of offenses would take new legislation in Congress, Heller and other experts said. And even if such a law were passed, Berkeley’s situation would be highly unlikely to be affected, said Terry Hartle, vice president for Government and Public Affairs at the American Council on Education.  That is because in Berkeley’s case, the university had attempted to facilitate the speech on Wednesday night, cancelling it only after police became concerned about safety. “Because the crowd had grown so violent and agitated, it was our recommendation to the speaker that his public safety was in jeopardy,” UC Berkeley police department spokeswoman Sergeant Sabrina Reich said in a telephone interview.  Milo Yiannopoulos, an editor at Breitbart News, was escorted by police from the campus as a relatively small group among the 1500 protesters smashed windows and set fires and the campus was put on lockdown. There were no injuries. Yiannopoulos has been a provocative figure on the internet  for years, and has been widely criticized for comments he has made about Muslims, Black Lives Matter activists and feminists. Trump, whose aide Steve Bannon previously ran the right-wing, nationalist Breitbart site, tweeted his response shortly before dawn in Washington on Thursday. “If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” the President wrote.   His administration was not immediately available for further comment on Thursday. Longer-term, there were some steps a Trump administration could take that would affect the university.  For instance, the Department of Energy could conceivably seek to relocate the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, which is in the hills above the campus and is managed by the University of California, said Bob Shireman, a former deputy undersecretary for education in the Obama administration. “There are things that if a president really wanted to punish some particular college they could influence those decisions but it would take a long time and there would be a lot of reaction,” said Shireman, a senior fellow at the Century Foundation. ",1
5715,"Coal rule killed by U.S. Congress, others near chopping block","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress moved swiftly on Thursday to undo Obama-era rules on the environment, corruption, labor and guns, with the Senate wiping from the books a rule aimed at reducing water pollution. By a vote of 54-45, the Senate approved a resolution already passed in the House of Representatives to kill the rule aimed at keeping pollutants out of streams in areas near mountaintop removal coal-mining sites.  The resolution now goes to President Donald Trump, who is expected to sign it quickly. It was only the second time the Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to stop newly minted regulations in their tracks, has been used successfully since it was passed in 2000. The Senate then turned to an equally controversial rule requiring mining and energy companies such as Exxon Mobil and Chevron to disclose taxes and other payments they make to governments at home and abroad. Democrats, who cannot filibuster the resolution, attempted to slow the process by pushing debate late into the night, with a vote scheduled for shortly after 6:30 a.m. on Friday. Republicans are using their control of Congress and the White House to attack regulations they believe hurt the economy. They cast the stream protection rule as harming industry and usurping state rights. “The Obama Administration’s stream buffer rule was an attack against coal miners and their families,” said the top Senate Republican, Mitch McConnell, adding it had threatened jobs in his home state of Kentucky. Environmental activists and many Democrats said it would have made drinking water safer by monitoring for pollutants such as lead. “Given that many of these toxins are known to cause birth defects, developmental delays, and other health and environmental impacts, this basic monitoring provision was essential,” said Jeni Collins, associate legislative representative for environmental group Earthjustice. The coal industry hopes the repeal will lead Trump to overturn a moratorium by former President Barack Obama’s administration on some coal leases. Senator Joe Manchin, who represents West Virginia, historically coal country, was one of the few Democrats who supported killing the rule. He told CNN more than 400 changes had been made to the regulation as it was drafted. “There’s nobody in West Virginia that wants dirty water and dirty air, but you can’t throw 400 different regulations ... on top of what we already have and expect anyone to survive,” he said. Also on Thursday, the House on Thursday overturned Obama administration rules addressing pay discrimination at federal contractors and requiring expanded background checks for gun purchasers who receive Social Security benefits and have a history of mental illness. It plans on Friday to kill a measure addressing methane emissions on public lands. The Senate will then take all three up. The Senate is also targeting rules enacted in the final months of Obama’s administration for extinction. Senator David Perdue, a Republican from Georgia, introduced on Wednesday a resolution for killing one intended to protect users of gift and prepaid cards. Under the Congressional Review Act, lawmakers can vote to undo regulations with a simple majority. Agencies cannot revisit overturned regulations. Timing in the law means any regulation enacted since May is eligible for repeal. The House already approved a resolution ending the rule that requires oil companies to publicly state taxes and payments, which is part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.  Republicans and some oil and mining companies say the rule is burdensome and costly and duplicates other long-standing regulations. Supporters of the rule see it as vital for exposing bribery and questionable financial ties U.S. companies may have with foreign governments, as well as showing shareholders how their money is spent. ",1
5716,"McCain says Russia testing U.S. in Ukraine, urges Trump to hit back","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia is testing President Donald Trump with a surge of violence in eastern Ukraine and the U.S. president should give Ukraine the lethal aid it needs to defend against the attacks, Senator John McCain said in a letter to Trump on Thursday. Renewed violence flared this week between Moscow-backed rebels and Ukraine government forces that has caused the highest casualty rate since mid-December and cut off power and water to thousands of civilians on both sides of the frontline. “That this surge of attacks began the day after he talked with you by phone is a clear indication that Vladimir Putin is moving quickly to test you as commander in chief. America’s response will have lasting consequences,” McCain said in a letter to Trump released by his office. Washington has supplied aid to Ukraine including drones, radar, first-aid kits, night vision and communications gear as part Democratic President Barack Obama’s strategy of providing non-lethal military assistance while focusing on sanctions and diplomacy to end the war. The election of Trump, whose call for better relations with Moscow, has alarmed Kiev as the conflict has remained unresolved. Lawmakers in Washington expressed support for Ukraine on Thursday and called for restraint from Moscow. McCain urged Trump to use his authority under an existing  defense policy law to provide lethal assistance to Ukraine. “Vladimir Putin’s violent campaign to destabilize and dismember the sovereign nation of Ukraine will not stop unless and until he meets a strong and determined response,” McCain wrote. McCain also urged Trump to expand current sanctions against Russia that were put in place after its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014. Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would work with McCain and other senators to codify the existing sanctions into law. “It is incumbent upon the Senate to clearly express its support for the sovereignty of Ukrainian and solidarity with our close allies in Europe,” he said. Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives, also cautioned the Trump administration on Thursday against easing sanctions on Moscow, saying such a move would be “staggeringly dangerous.” On Wednesday, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called on Russia to use its “considerable influence” with separatist rebels to end the violence, which brought the festering conflict back into focus amid warnings of a looming humanitarian crisis in freezing winter temperatures. ",1
5717,U.S. Ambassador to U.N. blames Russia for new violence in eastern Ukraine,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley blamed Russia on Thursday for the recent surge of violence in eastern Ukraine and warned Ukraine-related sanctions against Russia will not be lifted until Moscow returns Crimea to Kiev. “I consider it unfortunate on the occasion of my first appearance here I must condemn the aggressive actions of Russia,” Haley said, making her first public remarks inside the Security Council since being sworn in as the United States’ representative to the United Nations last month. “It shouldn’t happen, or be that way. We do want to better our relations with Russia. However, the dire situation in eastern Ukraine is one that demands clear and strong condemnation of Russian actions.”  Her remarks came amid speculation over U.S. President Donald Trump’s intentions towards Moscow. Trump has praised Russia’s President Vladimir Putin and expressed a wish for improved relations between the two countries.  Haley made clear that tensions over the Ukraine would not end soon, including the matter of sanctions slapped on Russia related to the annexation of Crimea three years ago.      “Eastern Ukraine of course is not the only part of the country suffering because of Russia’s aggressive actions. The United States continues to condemn and call for an immediate end to the Russian occupation of Crimea,” Haley said.   “Crimea is a part of Ukraine. Our Crimea related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control of the peninsula to Ukraine.” The United States and other Western powers imposed sanctions on Russia in 2014 over its annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine and its support for pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine. Russia’s ambassador to the United Nations, Vitaly Churkin, disputed Haley’s commentary on Crimea, but welcomed his American counterpart. “It was friendly enough, given the circumstances and given the subject we were discussing,” the Russian ambassador told reporters.  He noted the chance for a new start after ties between Russia and United States frayed in Obama’s second term. “If there is an opportunity to have better relations with the United States, if there is an opportunity for us to work better with the United States... then we should take this opportunity.”  He faulted the Obama administration for not doing enough to end the conflict in Ukraine and called on the Trump government to bring its influence to bear.   “Clearly they are the people who are listened to in Kiev.” Ukraine and Russia had blamed each other for a surge in fighting in recent days around the government-held industrial town of Avdiivka that has led to the highest casualty toll in weeks and cut off power and water to thousands of civilians on the front line. At the Thursday Security Council session, Ukraine’s U.N. ambassador, Volodymr Yelchenko, who holds the presidency of the Security Council for February, said the strife around Avdiivka started with artillery shelling by the Russian army and Russian-backed fighters from the two suburbs they control abutting the town. Churkin blamed Ukrainian security forces for starting the bloodshed. U.N. under-secretary-general for political affairs, Jeffrey Feltman, painted a grim picture of the situation on the ground. “Hundreds of thousand of civilians on both sides of the contact line are still at risk of losing all access to water, heating and electricity, bringing the specter of further displacements closer,” Feltman said.  “With every new day of fighting, the conflict becomes more entrenched and difficult to resolve. There is no military solution to this conflict.”  ",1
5718,Iowa moves to cut Medicaid funding for Planned Parenthood,"(Reuters) - The Republican-controlled Iowa state senate voted on Thursday to cut Medicaid funding for family planning services to abortion providers including Planned Parenthood.  State senators passed the bill 30-20, advancing it to the Republican-controlled House. The vote was along party lines, with one independent voting in favor of the measure. Republican Governor Terry Branstad has said he supports the bill.  Planned Parenthood draws the ire of many Republicans because it provides abortions, and Republican President Donald Trump has pledged to defund the organization.  “This change will allow Iowa to restrict government funding to family planning services away from organizations that perform abortions that are not medically necessary,” Republican Senator Amy Sinclair, one of the bill’s sponsors, said on Thursday before the vote.   Planned Parenthood denounced the vote.  “The Republican lawmakers who continue to advance this bill should be ashamed of themselves. They are playing political games, with the lives of low-income Iowans at stake,” Planned Parenthood of the Heartland said in a statement. “This bill does nothing to advance their extremist agenda to limit access to abortion. Instead, it blocks access to crucial family planning services for thousands of Iowans – the very services that most effectively prevent abortion. It’s a self-serving, misleading and dangerous political game.” The bill directs the Iowa Department of Human Services to discontinue the Medicaid family planning network waiver on July 1 and replace it with a state family planning services program.  Eligibility requirements for the new network would remain the same, but no funding would be provided to organizations that provide abortions or maintain facilities where abortions are carried out.  Planned Parenthood is Iowa’s largest abortion provider with 12 clinics in the state, but no public money is used for abortions, according to the Des Moines Register.   Branstad has proposed paying for the new state-run program by shifting $2.8 million in funds from services for vulnerable adults, families and children, the newspaper reported.  Planned Parenthood is also facing a funding cut in Texas, where a judge is considering the move, which the organization has challenged in court.  ",1
5719,Trump says his travel ban needed to ensure U.S. religious freedom,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump defended his order to temporarily bar entry to people from seven majority-Muslim nations, which has come under intense criticism at home and abroad, saying on Thursday it was crucial to ensuring religious freedom and tolerance in America. Trump, speaking at a prayer breakfast attended by politicians, faith leaders and guests including Jordan’s King Abdullah, said he wanted to prevent a “beachhead of intolerance” from spreading in the United States. “The world is in trouble, but we’re going to straighten it out, OK? That’s what I do - I fix things,” Trump said in his speech. Trump’s executive order a week ago put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The measure, which Trump says is aimed at protecting the country from terrorist attacks, has drawn protests and legal challenges. Trump, a wealthy businessman and former reality TV star who had never previously held public office when he was sworn in on Jan. 20, also sought to reassure the large crowd about the nature of his phone calls with world leaders. The Washington Post said Trump had a tense call with Australia’s Prime Minister about his immigration order. “Believe me, when you hear about the tough phone calls I’m having - don’t worry about it. Just don’t worry about it,” Trump said. He did not specify which calls he was referring to. “We’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually. It’s not going to happen anymore,” said Trump, who campaigned on a stance of “America first” that he said would ensure the country was not taken advantage of in its trade or other foreign relations. Trump said violence against religious minorities must end.   “All nations have a moral obligation to speak out against such violence. All nations have a duty to work together to confront it, and to confront it viciously, if we have to,” he said. Trump said the United States has taken “necessary action” in recent days to protect religious liberty in the United States, referring to his immigration action. Critics of the measure have accused him of violating the constitutional guarantee of religious freedom, because the designated countries are majority-Muslim, and of slamming the door shut to refugees. Trump has said the move was necessary to ensure a more thorough vetting of people coming into the United States.  “Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world. There are those who would exploit that generosity to undermine the values that we hold so dear,” Trump said. “There are those who would seek to enter our country for the purpose of spreading violence, or oppressing other people based upon their faith or their lifestyle - not right. We will not allow a beachhead of intolerance to spread in our nation,” he said. Trump said his administration’s new system would ensure that people entering the United States embrace U.S. values including religious liberty. He also pledged to get rid of the “Johnson Amendment,” a tax provision that prevents tax-exempt charities like churches from being involved in political campaigns. The White House said on Wednesday it has issued updated guidance on the travel order clarifying that legal permanent residents, or green card holders, from the designated countries require no waiver to enter the United States. ",1
5720,Exclusive: U.S. expected to impose fresh sanctions on Iranian entities - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is expected to impose sanctions on multiple Iranian entities as early as Friday following Tehran’s recent ballistic missile test, but in a way that will not violate the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. One source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said about eight Iranian entities were to be sanctioned, or “designated” in U.S. legal jargon, for terrorism-related activities and about 17 for ballistic missile-related activities under separate existing U.S. executive orders. The source declined to name the entities. The sources said the new sanctions had been in the works for some time and that Iran’s decision to test-fire a ballistic missile on Sunday had helped to trigger U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to impose them. The White House signaled a newly aggressive stance toward Iran on Wednesday when Michael Flynn, Trump’s national security adviser, made a statement putting Iran “on notice” for test-firing the missile and senior U.S. officials said the administration was reviewing how to respond. The new sanctions may be the leading edge of a tougher policy but the sources stressed that the United States was imposing them in a manner so as not to conflict with the 2015 Iran nuclear deal under which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. Trump said earlier on Thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with Iran following the missile launch, and his fellow Republicans in Congress said they would back him up with new sanctions. Trump’s comment was in response to a question about whether he would consider military options to respond to Tehran, a day after Flynn’s comment about putting Iran “on notice.” The sanctions are not likely to have much, if any, practical effect on the Iranian entities or on U.S. companies or individuals who are, with few exceptions, barred from dealing with Iran. The sanctions are to be imposed under Executive Order 13224, which freezes the U.S. assets of entities or individuals who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism, and Executive Order 13382, which freezes the assets of weapons of mass destruction proliferators or their supporters. Given the long history of U.S. sanctions against Tehran dating to the 1979 Islamic Revolution, there are unlikely to be any assets under U.S. jurisdiction to be blocked. However, the sanctions could have the effect of dissuading foreign companies from dealing with the Iranian entities who are designated, said Brookings Institution analyst Robert Einhorn. Spokespeople for the White House, the State Department and the Treasury Department had no immediate comment. ",1
5721,"U.S.'s Pence, German Foreign Minister agree on NATO's central security role: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence met with German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Thursday and agreed on NATO’s central role in ensuring security in Europe and North America, the White House said on Thursday. Pence and Gabriel also reaffirmed that NATO allies needed to contribute “their fair share to our collective security,” the White House said in a statement. “They also underscored that NATO must adapt to confront threats to our countries such as violent extremism and terrorism,” it said. ",1
5722,Highlights: The Trump presidency on February 2 at 6:15 p.m. EST/2315 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Thursday: Trump is poised to impose new sanctions on multiple Iranian entities, seeking to ratchet up pressure on Tehran while crafting a broader strategy to counter what he sees as its destabilizing behavior, people familiar with the matter say. The White House says Trump is “extremely upset” with an agreement with Australia to accept refugees but will honor it. The White House says Israel’s building of new settlements or expansion of existing ones in occupied territories may not be helpful to achieving peace with Palestinians. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley blames Russia for the recent surge of violence in eastern Ukraine and warns Ukraine-related sanctions against Russia will not be lifted until Moscow returns Crimea to Kiev. Trump’s Treasury Department adjusts sanctions on the Russian intelligence agency FSB, making limited exceptions to measures put in place by the Obama administration over accusations Moscow meddled in the U.S. presidential election. Trump vows to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accuse him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Trump defends his order to temporarily bar entry to people from seven majority-Muslim nations, saying it is crucial to ensure religious freedom and tolerance in America; he discusses establishing safe zones in Syria with Jordan’s King Abdullah. A Department of Homeland Security watchdog agency says it is planning to review how Trump’s executive order to temporarily suspend travel from seven majority-Muslim nations was implemented. Nobel Peace Prize winners meeting in Colombia criticize Trump’s immigration policies and accuse him of xenophobia and discrimination. Trump reiterates his concerns about the North American Free Trade Agreement and says he would like to speed up talks to either renegotiate or replace it. A Senate committee suspends rules to approve Scott Pruitt, Trump’s controversial choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, amid a boycott by Democratic panel members. Representative Mick Mulvaney is approved as budget director. Cerberus Capital Management LP’s chief executive, Stephen Feinberg, is in talks to join Trump’s administration in a senior role. Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit Trump’s business advisory group after coming under criticism for taking part, the company says. ",1
5723,"U.S. high court pick Gorsuch seen as genial, firmly conservative","(Reuters) - When gay former law clerk Joshua Goodbaum married his partner in 2014, he got effusive and emotional reassurance from his former boss, President Donald Trump’s conservative U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Goodbaum, now an attorney in Connecticut, recalled fondly their conversation on the week of the wedding: “He said, ‘This is a wonderful thing. You’ll see how your relationship grows.’” Goodbaum, who in 2009 served as a clerk for the Colorado federal appeals court judge, added: “I have never felt the least whiff from him of homophobia or intolerance toward gay people.” As the U.S. Senate weighs whether to confirm the Republican president’s nomination of Gorsuch for a lifetime seat on the nation’s highest court, his views on social issues, such as gay rights, are under scrutiny by Democrats and Republicans alike. The Supreme Court periodically makes landmark civil rights decisions such as the 2015 ruling legalizing gay marriage nationwide. In their current term, for instance, the justices will tackle a major transgender rights case. For a year, the court has had eight justices, not the requisite nine, because Republicans refused to consider Democratic former President Barack Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland. Democrats remain furious with the Republicans for that, and are scouring Gorsuch’s record to build their case against his Senate confirmation. When he was named as a nominee by Trump on Tuesday, Gorsuch, 49, immediately came under attack from liberal groups that pounced on his social issues record, which is thin but offers clues on how he might behave as a justice, if confirmed. Like Goodbaum, friends and acquaintances of Gorsuch, many of them Democrats, said he is genial, tolerant and respectful. In some ways, he differs in style from the justice he was named to replace, the late Antonin Scalia, who was known for being combative and blunt on the bench. Gorsuch would not put politics before the law, these people said. But his conservative legal philosophy indicates he would likely vote with like-minded conservative justices on the closely divided court. He rejects the idea that liberals can press their social agenda in the courts. That could signaled he may be less likely to side with Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who often casts the deciding vote in close cases. Kennedy has joined with liberal justices in backing gay marriage, abortion rights and, most recently, a limited form of racial preferences in college admissions. It remains an open question whether Gorsuch would vote for conservative agenda items such as expanding religious liberties in a way some critics say allows for discrimination against gays and others, restricting voting rights and lifting campaign finance restrictions. In a 2005 article for conservative magazine National Review, Gorsuch said liberals “have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for private-school education.”  Some liberal politicians and advocacy groups have labeled Gorsuch a conservative hardliner in part over his role in deciding a 2013 case involving the Christian owners of the arts-and-crafts retailer Hobby Lobby. The ruling allowed owners of private companies to object on religious grounds to a federal requirement that they provide insurance to employees that pays for women’s birth control. It was affirmed by the Supreme Court.  “We absolutely must not confirm a Supreme Court nominee who has ruled that the religious beliefs of employers can trump the law,” said Rachel Tiven, chief executive of Lambda Legal, an advocacy group for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community.  On another issue, Gorsuch last October said his colleagues on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals should have reconsidered a ruling that prevented Utah Governor Gary Herbert from suspending funding to women’s healthcare and abortion provider Planned Parenthood over videos purported to show its officials negotiating the sale of fetal tissue.  In 2006, Gorsuch wrote a book arguing against legalization of assisted suicide and euthanasia. After Trump nominated him, many social conservatives and religious groups, perhaps looking back at his book, said they hoped Gorsuch would vote on the court to roll back abortion rights. In the book, Gorsuch cited the “inviolability of human life,” calling it a “basic good.” The Knights of Columbus, a Roman Catholic fraternal organization, said Gorsuch would uphold religious freedoms “and the right to life of every person.” Former clerks said they do not know how Gorsuch, a member of the Episcopal church, would vote on gay marriage or abortion. But they said he never brought his religion into his work.  “He’s not the kind of person to use his post to push an agenda,” said Jason Murray, a Gorsuch clerk in 2011 who is a Democrat.  “You could certainly say Judge Gorsuch is a conservative. But I don’t see how his personality or record bears out that he is an extremist,” Murray said.  Some who know Gorsuch personally said his respect for legal precedent could prevent radical attempts to change the law. “He’s very sensitive to the importance of societal stability. So if he were to change Roe v. Wade significantly I would be surprised,” added Tracy Ashmore, a Democratic lawyer from Denver, referring to the landmark 1973 Supreme Court ruling legalizing abortion. ",1
5724,Yemeni-Americans shut hundreds of shops in NY City to protest travel ban,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hundreds of New York City bodegas, grocery stores and restaurants owned by Yemeni Americans closed for hours on Thursday in protest against U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration policies, organizers said.  Loyal patrons who rely on the stores for staples of daily life had to look elsewhere for lunch after more than 1,000 locations shut their doors from noon to 8 p.m. in a move coordinated by groups including the Muslim Community Network and the Yemeni American Community. Bodega, a Spanish word meaning wine shop, is New York City slang for small stores selling everything from deli foods to newspapers and cat litter.  “We want to send the message that we’re here,” said Sulaiman Alaodyi, a 24-year-old cashier at the Best and Tasty deli in the borough of the Bronx, a bodega that is normally open around the clock. This was the first time it closed its doors since it started business nine months ago.  The protests followed the decision by Trump’s administration to put a four-month hold on letting refugees into the United States and to temporarily bar travelers from Yemen, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan and Somalia. The order, which is being challenged in U.S. courts, left some travelers stranded and others held at airports on arrival. It provoked an outpouring of anger and dismay from immigrants, refugees and supporters. Many store owners and workers who shut up shop were going to rally and hold public sundown prayers outside Brooklyn Borough Hall. “We’re going to go out and support all our brothers and sisters who are detained in airports and in other countries that can’t get back,” Alaodyi said. “This is just not fair.” New York City is home to many immigrants from Yemen, a country of about 24 million in the Arabian Peninsula. Many live in Brooklyn, but some are in Manhattan, Queens and the Bronx. Golden Deli, a Yemeni-owned bodega in Manhattan, was swelling with customers who picked up early lunches before it closed. Nermin Radoncic, 22, walked up shortly after workers pulled down the shutters at noon.  Radoncic, who lives nearby but is moving to Queens, was disappointed he could not buy a pastrami and Swiss sandwich on his last day in the neighborhood. But he said he supported the protest. “They make the bomb sandwiches,” Radoncic said of Golden Deli. “This is like the best deli out here. Trump is a jerk.” ",1
5725,Trump discusses safe zones in Syria with Jordan's king: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump discussed with Jordan’s King Abdullah the possibility of establishing safe zones in Syria, the White House said on Thursday. Trump met with King Abdullah briefly in Washington on Thursday morning, the White House said in a statement. Trump said last week he would establish safe zones in Syria for refugees fleeing violence in the war-torn country. ",1
5726,Canada's Trudeau decides not to poke U.S. 'grizzly bear' for now,"OTTAWA/WINNIPEG (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is taking a low key approach to dealing with U.S. President Donald Trump, seeking to avoid clashes while indirectly signaling the two leaders’ differences to a domestic audience. Insiders acknowledge the cautious strategy could anger progressives whose support helped bring Trudeau to power in 2015 but say for now, he has no choice but to hold fire: Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States and could suffer if it is targeted by Trump. “Why poke a grizzly bear while it’s having lunch? Trump has just got into office and he is formulating his economic plans,” said one senior political source. While Trudeau’s close friendship with former President Barack Obama was often referred to as a “bromance” and “dude-plomacy,” Canadian prime ministers have not always had close ties with U.S. presidents. Still, few in Ottawa have experienced anything like Trump, insiders said. “He is totally unpredictable,” said another government source. Although Canada regards the United States as its closest ally, Trudeau has yet to visit Washington to see Trump.  A visit tentatively scheduled this week was canceled after a shooter killed six Muslims in a Quebec mosque and no new date has been set, said two people familiar with the matter. Michael Kergin, a former Canadian ambassador to Washington, said Trudeau’s caution was wise. “He’s been playing it pretty well by restraining the temptation to be publicly critical of the president. At the same time, it’s a delicate balance,” said Kergin, now a senior adviser at law firm Bennett Jones. Trudeau was also right not to follow British Prime Minister Theresa May in rushing to Washington to “gin up a special relationship,” only to watch Trump make an unpopular move on immigration after she left, Kergin said. Trump labeled a refugee swap deal with Australia “dumb” on Thursday after a telephone call with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull that the Washington Post reported was acrimonious. Turnbull kept any sparring behind closed doors. Trudeau, however, has taken indirect shots. When Trump signed orders banning people from seven Muslim-majority states, Trudeau tweeted that Canada was open to those fleeing war. His chief spokeswoman blasted U.S. network Fox News on Tuesday for a tweet falsely claiming the Quebec gunman was of Moroccan origin. But she said nothing publicly when Trump’s spokesman said the attack on Muslims showed why it was important to suspend immigration from Muslim nations.   This approach infuriates the opposition New Democrats, who have called on Trudeau to denounce Trump’s “racist” immigration policy.  Trudeau team members acknowledge that over time, Liberals could lose support before a 2019 election if the prime minister is deemed not to be standing up for Canadian values such as inclusiveness. “That is a risk, but we’ll address it closer to the time,” said the first Ottawa insider. Surveys show the Liberals have a healthy, but narrowing, advantage over their nearest rivals. Pollster Nik Nanos of Nanos Research said it was too early for Trudeau to be aggressive.  “He has to avoid making any kind of criticism. Trump has a very thin skin and he’s quick to lash out,” he said.  ",1
5727,U.S. coal miners applaud Republican axing of stream protections,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The battered U.S. coal industry rejoiced after the Senate voted on Thursday to repeal a rule that limited companies from dumping mining waste in streams, saying the move could halt the sector’s decline. The Senate, approving a resolution passed by the House of Representatives on Wednesday, overturned the Stream Protection Rule as part of a broader move by Republicans to reverse what they see as overregulation by former President Barack Obama’s administration on energy development. The demise of the rule had been expected. The Congressional Review Act allows Congress, controlled by Republicans, to undo rules finalized at the end of a previous administration. “This is one very, very important step to get coal back on its feet and stop the hemorrhaging of jobs that we’ve seen,” said Luke Popovich, a spokesman for the National Mining Association.  The coal industry hopes the move is the first step toward a recovery under President Donald Trump, who has vowed to clear away regulation to support more mining. Coal advocates are hoping his administration will overturn a moratorium the Obama administration placed on new coal leases on federal lands, and scrap regulations on carbon dioxide emissions. The coal waste rule was intended to protect 6,000 miles (9,700 km) of streams and large areas of forests over the next two decades, the Interior Department said when it issued the rule in December. It argued the rule would protect drinking water without undermining the economy or energy supply. The coal industry countered that the rule could have reduced the number of direct mining jobs by 30 percent and made 60 percent of its existing reservoirs uneconomic to produce.   Coal companies such as Arch Coal Inc and Peabody Energy Corp - two of the nation’s biggest miners - experienced recent bankruptcies because of a surge in production of natural gas and new regulations curbing carbon dioxide emissions.  Stephanie Weiler, a spokeswoman at Peabody Energy said the company was “pleased” by the elimination of the rule and supported “any actions aimed at reining in unnecessary regulations that don’t improve the environment yet harm the economic and jobs landscape.”  Arch did not immediately comment. Gary Broadbent, a spokesman for private company Murray Energy, said the rule was an attempt to “destroy our nation’s underground coal mines” and put coal miners out of work. Democratic Senator Edward Markey said the coal industry’s request that Republicans kill the rule amounted to saying: “Please protect us from having to protect the public.” ",1
5728,Private equity executive Feinberg in talks to join Trump administration,"(Reuters) - Cerberus Capital Management LP’s Chief Executive Officer Stephen Feinberg is in talks to join U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration in a senior role, the private equity firm said on Thursday. Feinberg’s move would make him the latest Wall Street veteran to serve under Trump. U.S. Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, U.S. Commerce Secretary designate Wilbur Ross, and Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council, are just some of the high-profile financiers who have agreed to join Trump’s administration. It is not clear what role Feinberg is discussing with Trump’s senior team. His appointment would require him to provide “voluminous information” and disclosures to the Office of Government Ethics and comply with all applicable conflict-of-interest rules and regulations, Cerberus told its investors earlier on Thursday in a letter seen by Reuters. Cerberus also told its investors that it has a succession plan in place that would result in minimal changes to the current management and operation of the firm. Feinberg, who served as one of Trump’s economic advisers during his U.S. election campaign, co-founded Cerberus in 1992.  A Princeton graduate, he previously worked at bond trader Drexel Burnham Lambert. Forbes Magazine currently pegs 56-year-old Feinberg’s net worth at $1.25 billion. Feinberg rarely gives interviews and has been photographed only a few times by news photographers. It is not clear how he would respond to the publicity of a job within the administration, assuming the role being discussed is a high-profile one.  Cerberus became well known for a $7.4 billion deal it struck in 2007, along with co-investors, to buy an 80 percent stake in car maker Chrysler and its financing arm Chrysler Financial. Chrysler was pushed to the brink of liquidation in 2009 before a bailout that was the subject of intense debate within the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama. Cerberus lost control of the automaker during its restructuring. In December 2010, Cerberus struck a deal to sell Chrysler Financial to Toronto-Dominion Bank for $6.3 billion. A source close to Cerberus said at the time that deal meant the private equity firm would end up close to break-even on its investment in Chrysler as a whole. Feinberg attracted more controversy in 2012, when a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, using a Bushmaster rifle made by Freedom Group Inc, an arms manufacturer owned by Cerberus. Following unease by Cerberus investors, the New York-based buyout firm sought to sell Freedom Group but could not sell it for the $1 billion price tag it expected. Instead, Feinberg came up with a mechanism for Cerberus fund investors to sell their stakes in Freedom Group.  Cerberus has more than $30 billion in assets under management. Its investments include supermarket operator Albertsons Companies Inc and beauty products company Avon Products Inc. ",1
5729,Climate advocates study industry lobby's playbook to fight Trump,"(Reuters) - Scientists may steal a page from the oil industry’s playbook to stop President Donald Trump rewriting the U.S. position on climate change, by relying on an obscure law meant to ensure federal agencies present accurate information. The 2001 Information Quality Act, passed under Republican President George W. Bush, has for years provided a way for companies and their lobbyists to challenge federal agencies’ assumptions on issues ranging from the threats posed by global warming to the health effects of petrochemicals. Now, as Trump’s leadership seeks to get the Environmental Protection Agency into line with the new administration’s more pro-business and anti-regulation agenda, the act could become a tool for rebellious scientists and climate advocates, legal experts said. Trump has expressed doubts about the science behind climate change, putting his administration on a collision course with an overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that human consumption of fossil fuels is warming the planet and triggering sea level rise and more frequent powerful storms. A spokesman for Trump’s EPA said last week that the agency’s website is under review, raising worries of a rewrite that could put the site at odds with EPA employees’ own research. A Trump administration official did not respond to a request for comment. “Posting blatantly false information on the EPA’s website would violate the Information Quality Act,” said Romany Webb, a climate law fellow at Columbia University. “The guidelines clearly state that information disseminated to the public, including via a website, must be substantively accurate.” Michael Halpern, deputy director for the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a non-profit climate science advocacy group, said the Information Quality Act could be one of the options scientists consider using to ensure federal agencies match scientific research. The Information Quality Act allows individuals who object to information presented by a federal agency to request a correction. If the agency denies the request, the individual can appeal in a process overseen by an independent inspector general. In the case of the EPA, the appeal would go to a panel of political appointees – who will likely be named after Trump’s pick to head the EPA, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, is confirmed. The EPA’s Inspector General, however, is already in place: Arthur Elkins, a former EPA lawyer appointed by Barack Obama in 2010. “We have discretionary authority to look at anything we think is important and valuable to the agency’s activities,” Alan Larsen, counsel to the Inspector General, told Reuters. “If employees were asked to do something improper ... they could bring that to the IG’s office.” The Washington Post reported this week that a member of the Trump transition team had sent an email stating inspectors general across federal agencies were being held over on a “temporary basis.” After some backlash, Trump transition team members then sought to reassure the inspectors general they would not be forced out, the Post reported. There are other ways employees can flag their concerns, including by complaining to the agency’s Scientific Integrity Officer. The Scientific Integrity Office meets quarterly with the Inspector General’s office to discuss complaints. Industry’s use of the Information Quality Act over the years has had mixed results. Just five of the 20 requests for correction filed in 2014 ended up fully or partially corrected, according to a report to Congress. Halpern said, however, that he expected better results if scientists file complaints rather than industry.  Overruling a correction request brought by scientists within the agency, he said, could violate the EPA’s scientific integrity policy, which states agency scientists have the right of last review over information that relies on their expertise. A former EPA official who asked not to be named said that, under normal circumstances, the internal mechanisms to protect website accuracy should work, but added “we’re in uncharted territory.”",1
5730,Nobel Peace Prize winners critique Trump's immigration policy,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Nobel Peace Prize winners meeting in Colombia criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration policies on Thursday, accusing him of xenophobia and discrimination. Last week Trump issued an executive order that put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  The measure, which Trump says is aimed at protecting the country from terrorist attacks, has drawn protests and legal challenges. “We need to fight to find peace and civil justice. We want to end this discussion of violence, of racism,” said Tawakkul Karman, a Yemeni journalist who won the 2011 prize for her work on women’s rights. “We can’t isolate Muslims because they are from a different religion, Mr. Trump,” she said at the opening of the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates in Bogota, Colombia. Some 30 winners of the prize are attending the two-day event. “It’s with great incredulity that we’re seeing how leaders of the biggest democracy in the world lack respect for human rights and international diplomacy,” said former Costa Rican President Oscar Arias, who won the 1987 prize for his work in putting an end to the civil wars in four Central American countries. Arias said he was worried about growing xenophobia and hate in the United States. Iranian lawyer Shirin Ebadi, who won the 2003 prize for efforts to improve democracy and human rights, criticized Trump for calling citizens from her country “terrorists,” while U.S. activist Jody Williams, the 1997 winner for her work against land mines, said Trump was “racist and sexist.” Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the 2016 Nobel winner for his work on a peace deal with Marxist rebels, did not name Trump in a speech to attendees, but said the current rhetoric around terrorism, war, discrimination and refugees should be changed. ",1
5731,Trump says he would like to speed up NAFTA talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump reiterated his concerns about the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) deal on Thursday and said he would like to speed up talks to either renegotiate or replace the deal. “I would like to speed it up if possible. You’re the folks who can do it,” Trump said in the Oval Office where he met with bipartisan lawmakers from the Senate and House of Representatives. Trump said Wilbur Ross, his pick for Commerce Secretary, would lead the negotiations.  “We are working very, very hard and will be very soon, as soon as we get the go-ahead - we have the 90-day period that we have to think about,” Trump said. Under U.S. law, Congress has 90 days to review trade deals before they are signed. ",1
5732,U.S. court rejects states' bid to defend consumer agency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected separate bids by 16 states and two Democratic lawmakers to defend the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in a legal battle that could defang the agency created under former President Barack Obama. In a brief order, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied a request to intervene filed by the states, including New York and Connecticut. The court also rejected similar motions filed by nonprofit consumer groups and two lawmakers, U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and congresswoman Maxine Waters of California, also seeking to defend the board. The state officials, led by Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, said in a court filing they were concerned the Trump administration would fire the agency’s independent director, Richard Cordray, who was appointed by the Democrat Obama. The agency was created during Obama’s presidency in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. The court ruled last October that the structure of the agency, charged with guarding consumer finances, was unconstitutional. The agency immediately asked the court to reconsider its decision but the Trump administration could drop the appeal. The state officials asked to be able to defend the agency in the lawsuit brought by mortgage lender PHH Corp and ensure the case is not declared moot if Trump’s administration drops the appeal of the ruling. Under the 2010 law, the director can be fired only “for cause,” limiting a president’s ability to remove him. The appeals court ruled that this restriction was an unlawful limitation on presidential power. ",1
5733,U.S. House Republicans to tackle tax plan later this year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republicans are unlikely to begin tackling tax reform legislation until the summer, after first moving to revamp the nation’s healthcare system, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday. In an interview with Fox News, the Wisconsin Republican said lawmakers had to make good on their pledge to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, before they can turn to rewriting the U.S. tax code. “It’s just the way the budget works that we won’t be able to get the ability to write our tax reform bill until our spring budget passes, and then we write that through the summer,” Ryan told Fox News. “We feel the need to rescue (healthcare),” he said. “That’s why we’re going with healthcare first, and that’s the first budget. And then in the spring, when we do our second budget, that’s where tax reform comes.” Ryan later told reporters at his weekly press conference that he hoped to move on healthcare legislation by the end of March. His comments came as Trump, who has called on Congress to act swiftly to enact his sweeping agenda, met with the Republican chairman and ranking Democrats on the Senate Finance and Ways and Means committees. The two panels oversee tax writing, among other issues, but the White House meeting appeared to mostly focused on trade. Any tax reform package would also have to pass the Senate, where it could face resistance over a border adjustment tax provision. Republicans, who control both houses of Congress as well as the White House, have pledged a range of overhauls after eight years of the Democratic Obama administration, even as tensions have arisen over timetables and priorities. “Enough ‘all talk, no action.’ We have to deliver,” Trump told Republican lawmakers at their retreat in Philadelphia last month, pushing them to move on tax reform as well as his planned U.S.-Mexico border wall and repealing Obamacare. Trump has also vowed major spending to overhaul the nation’s roads, bridges and other infrastructure. Democrats have said they could back such a plan but would not support privately funded efforts that could lead to people paying tolls and other costs. Ryan dismissed the idea of using taxpayer funds on infrastructure, however.  Instead, he told Fox News, House Republicans will weigh how to “leverage more private sector spending” for projects such as pipeline overhauls and reforming the Federal Aviation Administration to revamp the air traffic control system. ",1
5734,Senate Finance Chairman Hatch says NAFTA revamp 'makes sense',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said on Thursday that a re-examination of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico “makes sense,” but praised the 23-year-old trade pact as a “strong anchor” for markets. Hatch, a Republican from Utah, said he appreciated Trump’s desire to modernize NAFTA, adding that decisions involving tariffs should be made in consultation with Congress.   “NAFTA has served as a strong anchor for our markets in the northern hemisphere and helped to expand trade opportunities for American products, goods, and services,” Hatch said. “Given that the trade pact is now more than two decades old, a re-examination of the agreement to ensure it remains the best possible deal for American workers and entrepreneurs in the 21st century global economy makes sense.”     ",1
5735,"White House says will respond to Iran's missile test, other actions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday it would respond to Iran’s ballistic missile test and other hostile actions, a day after President Donald Trump’s national security adviser put Tehran on “notice,” but it stopped short of providing any details. “We will have further updates for you on those additional actions, but clearly (national security adviser Michael Flynn) warned to make sure that Iran understood that they are on notice that this is not going unresponded to,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. ",1
5736,Trump says 'nothing is off the table' for response to Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump told reporters on Thursday said “nothing is off the table” in terms of a response to Iran’s ballistic missile test. Trump made the comment in response to a question about whether he would consider military options to respond to Iran, a day after his national security adviser put Tehran on “notice.” ",1
5737,White House says Trump 'extremely upset' but accepts Australia refugee deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will honor a U.S. agreement with Australia to accept refugees housed on islands off that country’s coast although he is unhappy about the deal, the White House said on Thursday. “The deal that was cut by the last administration is something that he’s extremely, extremely upset with,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. “He does not like it.” Spicer said that out of respect for Australia and its prime minister, Trump would allow the process to go forward under  conditions set under by the deal that provide for “extreme vetting” of the refugees. ",1
5738,U.S. lawmaker to scrap bill to sell public lands after backlash,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Congressman Jason Chaffetz said on Thursday he plans to withdraw a bill that would have sold off more than 3 million acres of federal land to private interests after it drew a barrage of negative comments from hunters and outdoor enthusiasts. Chaffetz said in a post on the Instagram social media site that he would scrap the so-called Disposal of Excess Federal Lands Act of 2017, which he introduced last week, saying he feared it sent “the wrong message.” “I’m a proud gun owner, hunter and love our public lands,” the Utah representative said in a comment, beneath a photo he posted of himself outdoors wearing hunting gear and holding a dog. “I hear you and HR 621 dies tomorrow,” added Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. HR 621 is the abbreviated name of the bill, which would have directed the Interior Department to sell off 3.3 million acres of federal land including “to non-federal entities” across 10 western states, which Chaffetz had said were “small parcels of land” that former President Bill Clinton previously identified as “serving no public purpose.” Sportsmen and women, hunting groups, and outdoor gear retailers had flooded Chaffetz’s Instagram account with thousands of posts, urging him to “say no to HR 621” and to  “#keepitpublic.”. Conservation and hunting and gaming advocacy groups have been raising concerns over the past month about what they see an aggressive strategy by Congress to make it easier to transfer public lands to state control or sell it off. Last month, on the first day of the new Congress, the House passed a rules package that contained a measure that would facilitate a public lands sell-off by directing the Congressional Budget Office, which provides lawmakers data for budget decisions, to assign no monetary value to the lands. Outdoors groups say public lands hold value for the outdoor recreation economy. The Wilderness Society values that industry at over $646 billion.    “I don’t think anybody had expected the backlash that has happened as a result of these bills. People are upset out here in the west and it is one of the hottest political issues in western states,” said Brad Brooks, Idaho Deputy Regional Director for the Wilderness Society. President Donald Trump has advocated for opening up public land for more drilling and mining, although he has said that public land should stay under federal control. ",1
5739,Senate Budget Committee approves Mulvaney as budget director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Budget Committee on Thursday voted to confirm Republican Congressman Mick Mulvaney as White House budget director under President Donald Trump. Senators narrowly approved Trump’s nominee along party lines in a 12-11 vote. Democrats criticized him for hard line fiscal positions on popular social programs and for failing to pay more than $15,000 in taxes in relation to a household employee until after he was nominated. His nomination will now move to the Senate floor for a full confirmation vote.  Mulvaney, a South Carolina Republican and a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, favors raising the Social Security retirement age to 70 and means-testing beneficiaries of the Medicare healthcare program. Budget committee Chairman Mike Enzi, a Wyoming Republican, told the panel Mulvaney is “uniquely qualified” to be budget director: “He is a proven budget hawk that’s been vocal about our need to rein in government spending and debt.”      But the nominee came under fire from Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.  The Vermont lawmaker warned that Mulvaney’s positions on Social Security and Medicare contradict Trump’s campaign statements to leave the programs untouched. Sanders also said his failure to pay taxes for a nanny he employed from 2000 to 2004 should disqualify him as a nominee.   Sanders and fellow independent Angus King of Maine voted with the committee’s nine Democrats to oppose Mulvaney. ",1
5740,U.S. House panel to take up bill to spur generic drug development,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House of Representatives subcommittee will take up bipartisan legislation next week to foster generic drug development, the committee’s chairman, Representative Greg Walden, said on Thursday. “President (Donald) Trump made it clear ... he wants competition to lower drug prices, and that is precisely what this measure will help accomplish,” Walden, a Republican from Oregon, said at a health subcommittee hearing. “Specifically the bill will require FDA (the Food and Drug Administration) to prioritize, expedite and review generic applications of drug products that are currently in shortage, or where there are few manufacturers on the market,” Walden said. Trump this week met pharmaceutical executives and called on them to cut prices. He said the government was paying “astronomical” prices for medicines in its health programs for older, disabled and poor people. Walden said recently there had been cases of “bad actors” who “jacked up the price of drugs because there was no competition,” but he did not name names. “We want to make sure that does not happen again,” the congressman said. “For those in the industry who think it’s okay to corner a market, drive up prices and rip off consumers, know that your days are numbered,” Walden said. He said the bill would also increase transparency around the backlog of generic drug applications at the FDA, saying there was an “unacceptably high” number. The bill will be sponsored by Representative Gus Bilirakis, a Republican from Florida, and Representative Kurt Schrader, a Democrat from Oregon, Walden said. Republicans have the majority in both chambers of Congress. ",1
5741,Senate panel advances Trump EPA chief pick over Democrats' boycott,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Senate committee suspended rules on Thursday to approve U.S. President Donald Trump’s controversial choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday, amid a boycott of his nomination by the panel’s Democratic members. John Barrasso, chair of the Senate’s environment and public works committee, said the panel would “suspend several rules” temporarily to approve the nomination of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt as EPA administrator. Democrats on the committee boycotted Wednesday’s meeting to approve Pruitt, saying that he doubts the science of climate change and has too many conflicts of interest with the companies he would be charged with regulating. The full Senate will now vote on Pruitt’s nomination. The date for that has not yet been confirmed, but with Republicans holding a majority in the Senate, the nomination will likely be approved. Barrasso justified the move by saying that Pruitt, who sued the EPA 14 times as Oklahoma’s top attorney, reflects the agenda of the president who won the 2016 election. “Elections have consequences and a new president is entitled to put in place people who advance his agenda,” he said. Environmental groups, which have strongly criticized the choice of Pruitt, raised concerns that the nomination was pushed through to the full Senate. “If he is approved by the full Senate, he will start on day one as the worst EPA administrator in history,” said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group.  ",1
5742,McCain calls on Trump to help Ukraine against Russia attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain asked President Donald Trump on Thursday to help Ukraine defend itself against an increase in recent attacks from Russia. “In light of the latest Russian attacks and the prospect of future aggression against Ukraine, I urge you to exercise the authority given to you by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 to provide defensive lethal assistance to Ukraine to defend its territory against further violations by Russia and its separatist proxies,” McCain said in a letter. ",1
5743,U.S. hopes to have border wall finished within two years: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Thursday he hoped to have a wall along the southern U.S. border with Mexico finished within two years, according to an interview with Fox News. “The wall will be built where it’s needed first, and then it will be filled in. That’s the way I look at it,” Kelly said in the interview. “I really hope to have it done within the next two years.” He added he thought funding from Congress for the massive project would come “relatively quickly.” ",1
5744,Exclusive: Trump to focus counter-extremism program solely on Islam - sources," WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Trump administration wants to revamp and rename a U.S. government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on Islamist extremism, five people briefed on the matter told Reuters.  The program, “Countering Violent Extremism,” or CVE, would be changed to “Countering Islamic Extremism” or “Countering Radical Islamic Extremism,” the sources said, and would no longer target groups such as white supremacists who have also carried out bombings and shootings in the United States.  MORE For hardline West Bank settlers, Jared Kushner's their man Iranians fear attacks and economic isolation as Trump talks tough Republicans wrestle with effort to cut Obamacare Such a change would reflect Trump’s election campaign rhetoric and criticism of former President Barack Obama for being weak in the fight against Islamic State and for refusing to use the phrase “radical Islam” in describing it. Islamic State has claimed responsibility for attacks on civilians in several countries.  The CVE program aims to deter groups or potential lone attackers through community partnerships and educational programs or counter-messaging campaigns in cooperation with companies such as Google (GOOGL.O) and Facebook (FB.O).  Some proponents of the program fear that rebranding it could make it more difficult for the government to work with Muslims already hesitant to trust the new administration, particularly after Trump issued an executive order last Friday temporarily blocking travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim countries.  WATCH Uber CEO quits Trump advisory board Still, the CVE program, which focuses on U.S. residents and is separate from a military effort to fight extremism online, has been criticized even by some supporters as ineffective.  A source who has worked closely with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) on the program said Trump transition team members first met with a CVE task force in December and floated the idea of changing the name and focus.   In a meeting last Thursday attended by senior staff for DHS Secretary John Kelly, government employees were asked to defend why they chose certain community organizations as recipients of CVE program grants, said the source, who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions.  Although CVE funding has been appropriated by Congress and the grant recipients were notified in the final days of the Obama administration, the money still may not go out the door, the source said, adding that Kelly is reviewing the matter.  The department declined comment. The White House did not respond to a request for comment.  Some Republicans in Congress have long assailed the program as politically correct and ineffective, asserting that singling out and using the term “radical Islam” as the trigger for many violent attacks would help focus deterrence efforts.  Others counter that branding the problem as “radical Islam” would only serve to alienate more than three million Americans who practice Islam peacefully.  Many community groups, meanwhile, had already been cautious about the program, partly over concerns that it could double as a surveillance tool for law enforcement.  Hoda Hawa, director of policy for the Muslim Public Affairs Council, said she was told last week by people within DHS that there was a push to refocus the CVE effort from tackling all violent ideology to only Islamist extremism.  “That is concerning for us because they are targeting a faith group and casting it under a net of suspicion,” she said.  Another source familiar with the matter was told last week by a DHS official that a name change would take place. Three other sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said such plans had been discussed but were unable to attest whether they had been finalized.  The Obama administration sought to foster relationships with community groups to engage them in the counterterrorism effort. In 2016, Congress appropriated $10 million in grants for CVE efforts and DHS awarded the first round of grants on Jan. 13, a week before Trump was inaugurated.  Among those approved were local governments, city police departments, universities and non-profit organizations. In addition to organizations dedicated to combating Islamic State’s recruitment in the United States, grants also went to Life After Hate, which rehabilitates former neo-Nazis and other domestic extremists.  Just in the past two years, authorities blamed radical and violent ideologies as the motives for a white supremacist’s shooting rampage inside a historic African-American church in Charleston, South Carolina and Islamist militants for shootings and bombings in California, Florida and New York.  One grant recipient, Leaders Advancing & Helping Communities, a Michigan-based group led by Lebanese-Americans, has declined a $500,000 DHS grant it had sought, according to an email the group sent that was seen by Reuters. A representative for the group confirmed the grant had been rejected but declined further comment.   “Given the current political climate and cause for concern, LAHC has chosen to decline the award,” said the email, which was sent last Thursday, a day before Trump issued his immigration order, which was condemned at home and abroad as discriminating against Muslims while the White House said it was to “to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals.”  ",1
5745,Trump visits with Jordan's King Abdullah in Washington,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump met on Thursday with Jordan’s King Abdullah ahead of an annual prayer breakfast in Washington, a White House spokeswoman said. There was no immediate information provided about what Trump and the King discussed. Abdullah, the first Arab leader to hold talks with the new administration, had earlier in the week discussed the fight against Islamic State, the Syria crisis, and other issues with Vice President Mike Pence. ",1
5746,U.S. military probing more possible civilian deaths in Yemen raid," DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, Del. (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Wednesday it was looking into whether more civilians were killed in a raid on al Qaeda in Yemen on the weekend, in the first operation authorized by President Donald Trump as commander in chief.  U.S. Navy SEAL William “Ryan” Owens was killed in the raid on a branch of al Qaeda, also known as AQAP, in al Bayda province, which the Pentagon said also killed 14 militants. However, medics at the scene said about 30 people, including 10 women and children, were killed.  U.S. Central Command said in a statement that an investigating team had “concluded regrettably that civilian non-combatants were likely killed” during Sunday’s raid. It said children may have been among the casualties.  Central Command said its assessment “seeks to determine if there were any still-undetected civilian casualties in the ferocious firefight.”  DON’T MISS Trump tightens Iran sanctions, Tehran hits back Business Watch - Panic in Silicon Valley Reuters TV - Inside a Mexican migrant shelter  U.S. military officials told Reuters that Trump approved his first covert counterterrorism operation without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations.  As a result, three officials said, the attacking SEAL team found itself dropping onto a reinforced al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists.  The Pentagon directed queries about the officials’ characterization of the raid to U.S. Central Command, which pointed only to its statement on Wednesday.  “CENTCOM asks for operations we believe have a good chance for success and when we ask for authorization we certainly believe there is a chance of successful operations based on our planning,” CENTCOM spokesman Colonel John Thomas said.  “Any operation where you are going to put operators on the ground has inherent risks,” he said.  The U.S. officials said the extremists’ base had been identified as a target before the Obama administration left office on Jan. 20, but then-President Barack Obama held off approving a raid ahead of his departure.  A White House official said the operation was thoroughly vetted by the previous administration and that the previous defense secretary had signed off on it in January. The raid was delayed for operational reasons, the White House official said.  The military officials who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity said “a brutal firefight” killed Owens and at least 15 Yemeni women and children. One of the dead was the 8-year-old daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, a militant killed by a 2011 U.S. drone strike.  Some of the women were firing at the U.S. force, Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters.  The American elite forces did not seize any militants or take any prisoners offsite, but White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday the raid yielded benefits.  “Knowing that we killed an estimated 14 AQAP members and that we gathered an unbelievable amount of intelligence that will prevent the potential deaths or attacks on American soil – is something that I think most service members understand, that that’s why they joined the service,” Spicer said.  A senior leader in Yemen’s al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, and other militants were killed in the gunbattle, al Qaeda said.  One of the three U.S. officials said on-the-ground surveillance of the compound was “minimal, at best.”  “The decision was made ... to leave it to the incoming administration, partly in the hope that more and better intelligence could be collected,” that official said.  As Sunday’s firefight intensified, the raiders called in Marine helicopter gunships and Harrier jump jets, and then two MV-22 Osprey vertical takeoff and landing aircraft to extract the SEALs.  One of the two suffered engine failure, two of the officials said, and hit the ground so hard that two crew members were injured, and one of the Marine jets had to launch a precision-guided bomb to destroy it.  Trump traveled to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Wednesday in an unexpected visit to meet the family of Owens, who had been a chief special warfare operator.  ",1
5747,Trump adopts aggressive posture toward Iran after missile launch,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House put Iran “on notice” on Wednesday for test-firing a ballistic missile and said it was reviewing how to respond, taking an aggressive posture toward Tehran that could raise tensions in the region. While the exact implications of the U.S. threat were unclear, the new administration signaled that President Donald Trump intended to do more, possibly including imposing new sanctions, to curb what he sees as defiance of a nuclear deal negotiated in 2015 by then-President Barack Obama. The tough talk commits the administration to back up its rhetoric with action, which could cast doubt on the future of the Iran agreement and sow further uncertainty in an already chaotic Middle East, experts said. Trump has frequently criticized the Iran nuclear deal, calling the agreement weak and ineffective. Officials declined to say whether the military option was on the table, although Pentagon spokesman Christopher Sherwood said: “The U.S. military has not changed its posture in response to the Iranian test missile launch” on Sunday. A fiery statement from Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, marked some of the most aggressive rhetoric by the administration that took office on Jan. 20, making clear that Obama’s less confrontational approach toward Iran was over. Flynn said that instead of being thankful to the United States for the nuclear deal, “Iran is now feeling emboldened.” “As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice,” he told reporters in his first appearance in the White House press briefing room. He said the launch and an attack on Monday against a Saudi naval vessel by Iran-allied Houthi militants off the coast of Yemen underscored “Iran’s destabilizing behavior across the Middle East.”  Iran confirmed it had tested a new missile but said it did not breach a nuclear accord reached with world powers or a U.N. Security Council resolution that endorsed the pact. Analysts said Iran could interpret Flynn’s warning as bluster given that the Trump administration is still formulating a response. “It’s a vague way of drawing a line in the sand,” said Mark Fitzpatrick, executive director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies-Americas. “Taken literally, it could mean: ‘You do this one more time and you’ll pay for it.’ But how would the U.S. respond?” The warning could foreshadow more aggressive economic and diplomatic measures against Iran. Three senior U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said a range of options, including economic sanctions, was being considered and that a broad review was being conducted of the U.S. posture toward Iran. One official said the intent of Flynn’s message was to make clear the administration would not be “shy or reticent” toward Tehran. “We are in the process of evaluating the strategic options and the framework for how we want to approach these issues,” the official said. “We do not want to be premature or rash or take any action that would foreclose options or unnecessarily contribute to a negative response.” “Our sincere hope is that the Iranians will heed this notice today and will change their behavior,” he said. Iran has test-fired several ballistic missiles since the nuclear deal in 2015, but the latest test was the first since Trump became president.  The issue came to the forefront on the same day that the U.S. Senate confirmed former Exxon Mobil Corp Chief Executive Rex Tillerson as secretary of state. Trump told Tillerson at his swearing-in ceremony that “although you inherit enormous challenges in the Middle East and around the world, I believe we can achieve peace and security in these very, very troubled times.”  Simon Henderson, a Gulf expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, said there was a danger of a miscalculation by Washington or Tehran. “The question now is will the Iranian logic be: ‘My goodness, this guy is serious, we’d better behave ourselves?’” he said. “Or do they say: ‘Why don’t we tweak him a bit more to see what he really means, maybe test him.’” The administration’s tough statement came midway through a three-day exercise by 18 U.S., French, British and Australian warships and an undisclosed number of aircraft close to Iranian waters in the Gulf, according to a statement by U.S. Central Command.     Trump is due to hold talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a strident critic of the Iran nuclear deal, at the White House on February 15. The U.S. president and Saudi Arabia’s ruler, King Salman, spoke by phone on Sunday and were described by the White House as agreeing on the importance of enforcing the deal and “addressing Iran’s destabilizing regional activities.” Sunni Muslim-dominated Saudi Arabia, home to Mecca and other Islamic holy sites, and Shi’ite Muslim-majority Iran are regional rivals. ",1
5748,"Iran calls U.S. remarks on missile test 'repetitive, baseless and provocative'","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Thursday the U.S. National Security Advisor’s (NSA) comments on the recent ballistic missile test were “repetitive, baseless and provocative”, state TV quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi as saying. “Instead of thanking Iran for its continued fight against terrorism, the American government is practically helping the terrorists by claims about Iran that are baseless, repetitive and provocative,” Ghasemi said. U.S. president Donald Trump’s senior security aide Michael Flynn condemned Wednesday’s missile test, calling it a “provocative” breach of a U.N. Security Council resolution. ",1
5749,U.S. Senate confirms Tillerson as secretary of state,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as President Donald Trump’s secretary of state on Wednesday, filling a key spot on the Republican’s national security team despite concerns about the former Exxon Mobil Corp chief executive officer’s ties to Russia. The vote, mostly along party lines, was by far the closest in at least half a century.  Fifty-six senators backed Tillerson, and 43 voted no. Every Republican favored Tillerson, along with four members of the Democratic caucus, Senators Heidi Heitkamp, Joe Manchin and Mark Warner as well as Angus King, an independent. Democratic Senator Chris Coons did not vote. Tillerson’s predecessor in the position, John Kerry, was confirmed by 94 to 3. Condoleezza Rice, the last secretary of state nominated by a Republican, was confirmed by 85-13. Senate Democrats had tried, but failed, to delay the vote on Tillerson because of Trump’s executive order banning immigration from seven mostly Muslim countries and temporarily halting the entry of refugees. They said they wanted to ask Tillerson more questions about the issue after Trump signed the order on Friday, prompting protests and chaos at airports across the country and uncertainty and disruption for travelers around the world. But Republicans hold a majority of 52 seats in the 100-member Senate, and so far have confirmed all of the six Trump nominees who have come up for votes. Senators had also expressed concerns over Tillerson’s ties to Russia after the executive spent years there working for the oil company. Some faulted him for failing to promise to recuse himself from matters related to Exxon Mobil businesses for his entire term as secretary of state rather than only the one year required by law. Tillerson, 64, retired as chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil at the end of 2016 after a four-decade career at the company.  Republicans and other Tillerson supporters said they thought he would be a strong leader as the country’s top diplomat, citing his experience running a giant corporation operating on six continents. They also said it was important to finalize Trump’s national security team quickly, to address international crises and reassure allies wondering about the new president’s “America First” foreign policy. ",1
5750,Exclusive: Japan considers buying more U.S. energy as Abe prepares to meet Trump,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering increasing energy imports from the United States, two sources familiar with the plan told Reuters, as he prepares to meet President Donald Trump, who has complained about Japan’s trade surplus. Japan is putting together a package of plans for Japanese companies to invest in infrastructure and job-creation projects in the United States for Abe to take to the Feb. 10 meeting with Trump in Washington.  Another idea is to offer to increase liquid natural gas (LNG) imports from the United States, a source in the ruling coalition told Reuters. Another option, if Abe determines that Trump is most concerned about the trade gap, is to increase imports of U.S. shale oil or gas on top of the investment package, according to a top executive at a major Japanese corporation who is close to Abe. Japanese officials have been scrambling to respond to Trump’s scattershot comments since he took office.  He has threatened to impose a tax on car imports from Mexico, criticized Japan’s trade gap with the United States and most recently accused Japan, along with China and Germany, of devaluing their currencies to the detriment of U.S. companies. “(Abe) wants to know what’s the most important thing for Trump,” said the executive, who declined to be identified. “If it is the trade surplus that Trump cares the most about, for instance, then we could come up with a few possible solutions,” including importing more U.S. shale oil or gas.  Abe’s approach toward Trump would be “not accommodating, not opposing”, he said. Utilities would be resistant to buying more U.S. shale gas because they have already committed to buying large amounts and Japan’s demand for energy is falling, an executive at a Japanese gas importer told Reuters on condition of anonymity.  Prices for LNG in Asia LNG-AS have fallen by almost a fifth this year amid a supply glut. Japan is the world’s biggest buyer of the gas cooled to liquid form for transport on ships and takes in nearly a third of global shipments. Once seen as a panacea for Japan’s energy crisis after the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011 led to the shutdown of most reactors in the country, U.S. shale gas is now just one of many options for Japan to meet its needs. Japan took in its first shipment of shale gas in liquid form this month and more shipments are likely to come as more export terminals start shipments this year and next. The Yomiuri newspaper said on Thursday Abe’s growth and jobs initiative would include a plan for Japan and the United States to jointly develop a $450 billion “infrastructure market”, into which the Japanese government and companies would invest $150 billion over 10 years. ",1
5751,Evangelical Jerry Falwell Jr. to head Trump education task force," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Evangelical Christian leader Jerry Falwell Jr. will head an education reform task force under U.S. President Donald Trump and is keen to cut university regulations, including rules on dealing with campus sexual assault, the school he heads said.  Falwell, the son of the late televangelist Jerry Falwell Sr., was described by Trump as “one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation” last year after Falwell endorsed him during the Republican party primary race.  READ MORE Trump vows end to prohibition on church political activity Vatican worried about Trump immigration order Falwell is president of Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, which bills itself as the world’s biggest Christian university. A school spokesman, Len Stevens, said on Wednesday it was not clear yet when the task force would start its work.  Stevens said Falwell was interested in eliminating numerous regulations the U.S. Department of Education has placed on colleges and universities, adding that many college presidents felt the same, regardless of their political orientation.  “It’s an autonomy issue for universities to be able to not be micromanaged by the Department of Education,” Stevens said in an email.  Falwell also wants to cut federal rules on investigating and reporting sexual assault under Title IX, the federal law that bars sexual discrimination in education, according to Stevens.  The Liberty University head believes on-campus sexual assault investigations are best left to police and prosecutors, Stevens said.  Falwell told the Associated Press he turned down an offer from Trump to become education secretary, in part because Falwell did not want to move his family to Washington.  When Falwell introduced Trump before a speech he gave at Liberty University early last year, Falwell said he saw similarities between Trump and his father, the founder of the Moral Majority organization, including a penchant to “speak his mind.”  The Senate Education Committee sent Trump’s nomination of Betsy DeVos, a charter school advocate, to be education secretary to the full Senate on Tuesday for a confirmation vote.  ",1
5752,Vatican worried about Trump immigration order,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican said on Wednesday it was worried about U.S. President Donald Trump’s moves on immigration, in the Holy See’s first comment since his executive order banning travel into the United States by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. “Certainly there is worry because we are messengers of another culture, that of openness,” the Vatican’s deputy secretary of state, Archbishop Angelo Becciu, told an Italian Catholic television station in answer to a question about Trump’s order. Becciu, who ranks third in the Vatican hierarchy, was asked about the executive order as well as Trump’s promise to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. “Pope Francis, in fact, insists on the ability to integrate those who arrive in our societies and cultures,” he told TV2000. Some Roman Catholic leaders in the United States have criticized Trump’s executive order. Cardinal Blase Cupich of Chicago said on Sunday it was “a dark moment in U.S. history” and that it was “contrary to both Catholic and American values”. Last February, while returning from a trip to Mexico, Pope Francis said then-candidate Trump’s view about building walls was “not Christian”. ",1
5753,"U.S., Mexican officials try to find common ground on security: sources","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican delegation met U.S. military officials in southern Mexico on Tuesday to discuss security initiatives, sources said on Wednesday, as the two countries try to find common ground in tough negotiations over trade, security and immigration.  The relationship between the United States and Mexico has become strained after U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to build a wall between the two countries to keep out illegal immigrants, drug dealers and criminals and make Mexico pay for it. Lori Robinson, chief of the U.S. Northern Command, and Kurt Tidd, head of the Southern U.S. Command, attended the talks, two people familiar with the matter said. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity so they could discuss the meeting. It was one of the first known meetings between U.S. and Mexican officials since Trump became president in January, after threatening to upend years of cooperation between the two neighbors with divisive rhetoric on trade and security. One of the sources said the talks focused on Mexico’s commitment to securing its southern border to keep out criminals and illegal immigrants. The source said that U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Roberta Jacobson also attended. Mexico’s Foreign Ministry said Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray was not present. A third source said Socorro Flores, deputy minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, represented Mexico at the meeting. U.S. Northern Command spokesman Michael Kucharek confirmed Robinson and Tidd visited Mexico on Tuesday as part of “continued coordination in partner nation security,” adding that the two also went to Honduras and Guatemala. A spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Mexico City said: “The southern border visit has been planned for months and gave U.S. authorities a chance to learn first-hand about the challenges Mexico faces in protecting its borders.” The spokesman did not provide further details. Mexico denied media reports on Wednesday suggesting that Trump, on a recent call with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, had threatened to send U.S. troops into Mexico if the country did not step up efforts against its drug cartels.  CNN later published what it said was the real transcript from the call, showing Trump taking a more measured stance, and offering U.S. help to combat Mexico’s “tough hombres.”  Mexico’s presidential spokesman, Eduardo Sanchez, was not immediately able to comment on CNN’s report but said “it sounded more logical.”   A summit between Trump and Pena Nieto that had been planned for January was canceled after Trump tweeted that it would be better for the Mexican leader not to come to the summit if Mexico would not pay for the wall. Pena Nieto canceled. Trump has threatened to levy a hefty tax on imports from Mexico to the United States.  Mexico said on Wednesday it expected to begin formal talks on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement from around the beginning of May. ",1
5754,U.S. judge orders Trump administration to allow entry to immigrant visa holders,"LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge in Los Angeles has ruled President Donald Trump’s administration must allow immigrants with initial clearance for legal residency to enter the United States from seven Muslim-majority nations, despite an executive order ban. Tuesday’s ruling by U.S. District Judge Andre Birotte Jr follows decisions by federal judges in at least four other states that also limited the executive order Trump issued on Friday.  But it goes further, by focusing on a large group of people from the seven nations of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen - the countries targeted in the executive order - who are outside the United States and trying to enter.  In the temporary ruling, Birotte ordered U.S. officials to refrain from “removing, detaining or blocking the entry of plaintiffs or any other person ... with a valid immigrant visa” who is arriving from one of the seven nations.   According to the U.S. Department of State, immigrant visas are the first step to becoming a lawful permanent resident, or a green card holder. Birotte’s ruling does not apply to tourists, students or business travelers with non-immigrant visas. The U.S. Department of Justice is reviewing the order and would have no further comment, a spokeswoman for the agency said in an email.  A spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security cited its policy of not commenting on pending litigation.  Trump’s executive order has not only caused consternation for the nations involved but among other Muslim-majority countries, allies such as Germany and Britain and career State Department officials. Attorney Julie Ann Goldberg, who brought the case on behalf of more than two dozen plaintiffs of Yemeni descent, including U.S. citizens, said they sought the ruling after learning of a move by the U.S. State Department to cancel the immigrant visas of people from the seven countries. More than 200 people with immigrant visas who left Yemen and are related to U.S. citizens or legal residents are stranded in Djibouti across the Bab el-Mandeb Strait from Yemen and were barred from flying to the United States, Goldberg said by telephone from Djibouti. “It’s terrible because I have children here who are without their parents,” she said.  Some other children in the group are U.S. citizens whose parents were traveling with immigrant visas, she added. In Boston, U.S. District Judge Allison Burroughs on Sunday issued a ruling, to last seven days, that barred the detention and removal of approved refugees, visa holders and permanent U.S. residents who entered from the seven countries. By early Thursday in Djibouti, Goldberg said, no one from the group she represented was being allowed to leave for the United States. She accused the Trump administration of “absolutely ignoring” rulings she believes should allow their departure. In an email, a State Department official confirmed the agency had provisionally revoked “relevant visas as defined” under Trump’s executive order.  The White House said on Wednesday it has issued updated guidance on the order clarifying that green card holders require no waiver to enter the United States. ",1
5755,Moscow eyes meeting with U.S. Tillerson in Germany in February: RIA cites source,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to make contact with new U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and is considering a meeting in Bonn or Munich in Germany in February, Russia’s state-run RIA news agency cited a source in the Russian Foreign Ministry as saying on Thursday. ",1
5756,Deadly U.S. raid may bolster Yemen's al Qaeda - Crisis Group,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A commando raid approved by new U.S. President Donald Trump this week may have given al Qaeda in Yemen a propaganda boost in killing civilians, the International Crisis Group (ICG) said in a report on Thursday. Local medics said 30 people including 10 women and children were killed in the helicopter-born Navy SEAL attack on a cluster of houses in Yemen’s southern al-Bayda province. Al Qaeda said in a statement that a senior leader and an unspecified number of other militants were killed. One U.S. soldier died in the assault, and a Pentagon spokesman alleged some of the women were firing at the U.S. force. “The raid ... is a good example of what not to do,” ICG’s senior Arabian Pensinsula analyst April Alley wrote. “The use of U.S. troops and the high number of civilian casualties ... are deeply inflammatory and breed anti-American resentment across the Yemeni political spectrum that works to the advantage of AQAP,” she added. Nearly two years of civil war in the impoverished Arabian Peninsula country has allowed local branches of al Qaeda and Islamic State to expand and carry out new attacks within Yemen. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is one of the global militant group’s most active branches. It unsuccessfully plotted to blow up U.S.-bound airliners and claimed responsibility for a 2015 shooting at the satirical Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris. Former President Barack Obama repeatedly killed top leaders in the organization with unmanned drone attacks but, ICG said, that strategy may not ultimately defeat it. “It is too early to determine what, if any, broader strategy the Trump administration has in Yemen ... (But drone strikes) have failed to stop its rapid growth – in large part because the opportunities provided by the war outstrip its losses.” ",1
5757,"For hardline West Bank settlers, Jared Kushner's their man","BET EL, West Bank (Reuters) - For many in the Israeli settlement of Bet El, deep in the occupied West Bank, Donald Trump’s choice of Jared Kushner as his senior adviser on the Middle East is a sign of politics shifting in their favor. They regard Kushner, whose family’s charitable foundation has donated tens of thousands of dollars to their settlement, as part of a diplomatic rebalancing after what they view as eight years of anti-Israel bias under the U.S. administration of Barack Obama. “He will stand up for our interests. I suppose he will lean in our favor,” said Avi Lavi, 46, who has lived in Bet El for more than 40 years. “He’ll be fair, as opposed to Obama, whose policy leaned always towards the Arabs.” New U.S. President Trump says his son-in-law Kushner, 36, is capable of brokering the “ultimate deal” to deliver peace between Israelis and Palestinians.     Roi Margalit, manager of the Bet El Yeshiva, a seminary complex with around 400 students, said Kushner, an Orthodox Jewish father of three, understood the position of Israeli settlers better than previous envoys. “At least now we have someone who knows us,” the 43-year-old added. “He will now have to study the other side (the Palestinians) and see if there is any common ground.”      Trump’s pick for Israeli ambassador has sparked particular enthusiasm in the community: David Friedman, who chairs the American Friends of Bet El Institutions fundraising group. The White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment from Kushner and Friedman. Kushner, a businessman who built his career on real estate and publishing, has said little about his views about one of the world’s most intractable conflicts, either during the campaign or since Trump took office. The big question for the Palestinians is whether he can be an impartial actor given his family foundation’s past financial ties to Bet El.  Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has been careful to say he looks forward to working with the Trump administration, but others are less optimistic. Wasel Abu Youssef, a senior official at the Palestine Liberation Organisation, the main Palestinian political umbrella body, said Kushner could not be a neutral envoy if he was supportive of Israeli settlements. Hani al-Masri, a political scientist and director of the Palestinian Center for Policy Research and Strategic Studies, said Kushner would be a representative of Israel rather than of the United States. “If he attempts to resume negotiations, he will seek to hold them at a lower level than previous negotiations. It will be more biased to the Israeli position in an era where Israel is more extreme.”  Palestinians want the West Bank and Gaza Strip for an independent state, with its capital in East Jerusalem.  Israel has built about 120 settlements in the West Bank. About 350,000 settlers live there and a further 200,000 in East Jerusalem, among about 2.6 million Palestinians.     Most countries consider the settlements illegal and an obstacle to peace as they reduce and fragment the territory Palestinians need for a viable state.  Israel disagrees, citing biblical, historical and political connections to the land and security interests. Bet El, a community of 1,300 families perched on a hillside where many believe God promised Jacob the land, has been financed in part by donations from American backers. Among its donors have been the Donald J. Trump Foundation, which gave $10,000 in 2003, and the foundation of Charles and Seryl Kushner, the parents of Jared, which gave $38,000 in 2013, U.S. tax records show. The New York-based American Friends of Bet El Institutions hosts dinners to raise funds for the settlement, which overlooks the Palestinian city Ramallah. Kushner has left it up to his father-in-law to comment on what role he might play. “Jared is such a good kid and he’ll make a deal with Israel that no one else can,” Trump told The Times of London newspaper last month. “He’s a natural dealmaker - everyone likes him.” Middle East analysts say the settlement donations by Kushner’s family foundation are not necessarily deal-breakers.  After decades of failed negotiations, the real test is whether he is prepared to rethink the way the Middle East peace process is conducted, said Hugh Lovatt, a fellow of the European Council on Foreign Relations. “If he reverts to pushing for a process for the sake of process and diplomatic prestige, then he will prove no more successful than his predecessors,” Lovatt told Reuters.  “If he acquiesces to Israeli territorial demands and gives a green light to more settlement activity, he could even do irreparable damage to the prospects of long-term peace.” A key diplomatic factor will be whether the Trump administration commits itself to a two-state solution - Israel and an independent Palestinian state living side-by-side. This remains firmly the goal for the Palestinians and, according to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israelis. But some of Kushner’s supporters in Bet El appear to be heading in a different direction - and the political voice of hardliners could prove a significant obstacle should peace talks resume. “The two-state solution is a scam,” said Shai Alon, the head of the local council, who describes himself as optimistic about the “Trump era”.  “It’s not going to happen.” ",1
5758,Tillerson's job as chief U.S. diplomat got harder before it began,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rex Tillerson’s job as chief U.S. diplomat became harder before it even began because of White House moves that have antagonized Muslim nations, European allies, Mexico and U.S. bureaucrats, current and former U.S. officials said. Hours after the Senate confirmed Tillerson as the 69th secretary of state by a 56-43 vote, the former Exxon Mobil Corp CEO was sworn in as the chief foreign affairs adviser to President Donald Trump. The Senate vote was largely along party lines, with all 52 Republicans voting in favor, along with three Democrats and one independent. Tillerson takes up his post at the State Department on Thursday morning when he will address staff. Under any circumstance, Tillerson would have inherited a messy globe with a civil war in Syria, nuclear-armed North Korea threatening to test an intercontinental ballistic missile and challenges from a rising China and an assertive Russia. In the 12 days since Trump’s inauguration, however, the White House has taken steps that foreign policy professionals view as self-inflicted wounds. “We’ve done a series of own goals,” said a senior U.S. official on condition of anonymity. “There are always mess-ups and friction with new administrations. That’s not new. This is worse than usual.” On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto took the rare step of cancelling a Washington trip to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border. On Friday, Trump signed an executive order imposing a four-month hold on refugees entering the United States and a temporary bar on most travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order has not only caused consternation for the nations involved but among other Muslim-majority countries, allies such as Germany and Britain and career State Department officials. About 900 department officials signed a memo dissenting from the policy, a source familiar with the document said, an unusual rebellion against a new president’s policies. As reports of the internal dissent spread on Monday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said career officials who disagreed should “get with the program or they can go.” The result has been that two constituencies Tillerson has to manage - foreign nations and the U.S. diplomatic corps - have  already got their noses out of joint before his swearing-in. “He will start at a disadvantage and will have to play catch-up to build trust with his foreign counterparts and with State Department employees,” said John Bellinger, a State Department legal adviser under Republican President George W. Bush. “Tillerson walks into a situation where he has got an unhappy and suspicious White House and he has an unhappy and suspicious workforce,” said another former State Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “It would have been difficult enough given the chaos.” Several current and former U.S. officials said they were dismayed by the process that led to the executive order, with little evidence that there was broad consultation within the government, let alone with Congress or foreign allies. The secretary of homeland security, John Kelly, was reported to have been largely blindsided by the order. According to the New York Times, he was on a White House conference call getting his first full briefing on it when Trump signed the order. Loren DeJonge Schulman, a former national security council and Pentagon official, said the belief that Trump did not bring his top advisers into the discussion of the matter would itself handicap the new secretary of state. “The secretary of state’s power and his influence primarily derive from the idea that he speaks for the president,” said Schulman, now at the Center for a New American Security think tank in Washington, saying it was an open secret the White House may not be consulting cabinet officials on such matters. “The fact that foreign audiences will realize that on day one is going to definitely weaken his hand,” she said. ",1
5759,Anthony Scaramucci will not get White House role now: NYT,"(Reuters) - U.S hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci, who left Wall Street to join the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, will now not get a senior role at the White House, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, and top strategist Steve Bannon told Scaramucci that he would not get the job as liaison to the business community, the New York Times reported, citing a senior administration official. Scaramucci may get another role in the future, the NYT said, adding Scaramucci’s withdrawal has yet to be declared officially. The White House, Scaramucci and SkyBridge Capital, the hedge fund he founded, were not immediately available for comment. In January, Scaramucci said he would join Trump’s White House staff as an adviser and public liaison to government agencies and businesses, swapping his role as one of Wall Street’s splashiest showmen for a much bigger, more prestigious platform. “The Mooch”, as he is referred to in New York financial circles, promoted Trump’s agenda at last month’s meeting of business and political elites in Davos, where he was billed as an adviser to the then president-elect. But his role had yet to be confirmed.    The New York Times said the reason behind Scaramucci’s withdrawal was the sale of his firm, SkyBridge Capital, to a group that included a division of HNA Group, a Chinese aviation and tourism conglomerate that announced $21 billion in overseas acquisitions last year. Scaramucci had to sell his stake in the firm to assume a role in the White House but the deal had not been completed, and administration officials told the New York Times that the White House Counsel’s Office had predicted that it would take up to three months for Scaramucci to be cleared of potential ethics conflicts. To avoid conflicts of interest, Scaramucci had agreed to recuse himself from anything to do with SkyBridge and HNA. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, this week divested his equity interest in a flagship New York City building that is the subject of negotiations with Chinese insurer Anbang about a possible investment. Trump has tapped Kushner as his senior adviser on the Middle East.  Concern about Chinese acquisitions of U.S. assets has been growing in the United States with a number of deals blocked or derailed by increased scrutiny under the previous administration of President Barack Obama. Trump, meanwhile, has threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports, accusing the country of keeping its currency artificially low to give it an advantage in trade deals. Scaramucci switched his loyalties to Trump after initially supporting other Republican candidates in the race to be president. Once on side, Scaramucci became a dedicated supporter, talking up Trump’s policies and defending him from criticism on television and Twitter. A former Goldman Sachs banker with a down-to-earth charm - he likes to describe himself as ‘a five foot eight Italian kid from Long Island’ - Scaramucci has thrived on his salesman skills. At Skybridge, he excelled at getting wealthy clients into the hottest funds as they clamored for the services of prominent managers such as John Paulson. He also launched a hedge-fund conference in Las Vegas, known as SALT, during the 2008 recession that has become a staple on Wall Street’s calendar of events. The conference is being spun off as a separate entity. ",1
5760,Trump's EPA pick vote delayed in boycott by Senate Democrats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. senators on Wednesday delayed a committee vote on President Donald Trump’s pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency after the panel’s Democrats boycotted the meeting, saying that nominee Scott Pruitt doubts the science of climate change. The boycott in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee delayed the transition to a new administrator for the agency. Senator Ben Cardin, a Democrat, said he could not support Pruitt, a Republican and the attorney general of Oklahoma, for a public health position because he “denies the sum of empirical science and the urgency to act on climate change.” At a committee confirmation hearing last month Pruitt, who has sued the agency he intends to run more than a dozen times on behalf of the oil-drilling state Oklahoma, expressed doubt about climate change science. But Pruitt said he would be would be obliged for now to uphold the agency’s 2009 “endangerment finding” that carbon dioxide emissions harm public health. The finding is the agency’s basis for regulations on those emissions.  Senator Tom Carper, the panel’s top Democrat, said Pruitt had provided “woefully inadequate” answers to written questions and had not named one agency regulation that he supported. “If Mr. Pruitt is serious about leading this important agency, he should be more than willing to provide straightforward answers to our fundamental questions,” Carper said. Republicans decried the move by the Democrats. “This is simply a senatorial temper tantrum,” said Senator Dan Sullivan of Alaska, another oil state. Trump, like Republican Senator Jim Inhofe on the panel, has called climate change a hoax. Trump has promised to make changes at the agency including doing away with previous President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan that cracks down on emissions from coal-fired electricity generators. The plan was suspended by the Supreme Court last year. John Konkus, a spokesman for Pruitt’s confirmation team, said Democrats and the EPA under Obama had “put politics and rhetoric ahead of their core work and ahead of the welfare of the American public.” In 2013, Republican senators on the panel boycotted then- Obama’s second term pick for the agency, Gina McCarthy, saying they were “completely unsatisfied” by her answers to more than 1,000 written questions they had asked her. She was eventually confirmed. ",1
5761,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Feb 1) - Rex Tillerson, Iran, Australia",The following bullet points are from the U.S. President Donald Trump’s Twitter accounts (@realDonaldTrump and @POTUS). Reuters has not edited the tweets. @realDonaldTrump : -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ,1
5762,Japan PM says forex policy should not be discussed by leaders,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday that  currency policy was not an issue that should be discussed between leaders of countries as doing so would make it a political issue. Abe made the remark in parliament when asked by a lawmaker if he would discuss currencies in a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump next week. “I’ll explain (our policy) if asked,” Abe said. ",1
5763,Texas cuts funding to Travis County over 'sanctuary city' policy,"(Reuters) - Texas Governor Greg Abbott made good on his promise to cut $1.5 million in grant money to Travis County after the county sheriff said she would limit her department’s cooperation with federal immigration officers, county officials said on Wednesday. Travis County includes the Texas capital Austin, which is a so-called “sanctuary city”.  Abbott spokeswoman Ciara Matthews said the money that would be withheld from Travis County is a series of one-time criminal justice grants totaling $1.8 million. About $300,000 of that has already been spent, but she said the governor would not try to claw back that money.  Sanctuary cities in general offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants and often do not use municipal funds or resources to advance the enforcement of federal immigration laws. Sanctuary city is not an official designation. In January, newly elected Sheriff Sally Hernandez said in a statement on the Sheriff’s Office website that she was “following all state and federal laws, and upholding constitutional rights to due process for all in our criminal justice system. Our community is safer when people can report crimes without fear of deportation.”  In a Jan. 20 memo seen by Reuters, her office said it would make an exception for people charged with serious crimes like murder, aggravated sexual assault, or human smuggling.  Hernandez was not available to comment on Wednesday. Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt, who manages the county’s budget, said on Wednesday that Hernandez’s directive does not violate state or federal law.  “Any of the 254 sheriffs across the state of Texas has discretion to decide whether or not to put their resources toward assisting federal immigration enforcement,” she said in a press conference that was webcast.  “I will do everything I can to protect revenue sources. I believe it is foolhardy for the state to starve itself by starving its own programs,” she said.  In a letter to Hernandez in January, Abbott said her position was “not a pronouncement of sound public policy; it is a dangerous game of political Russian roulette – with the lives of Texans at stake.” Abbott has voiced strong support for proposed legislation in Texas that would penalize sanctuary cities.  On Tuesday, San Francisco, another sanctuary city, filed a lawsuit challenging a Jan. 25 executive order by President Donald Trump directing the U.S. government to withhold money from cities that have adopted sanctuary policies toward illegal immigrants. The lawsuit marked the first court challenge over the sanctuary order.  New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, Denver, Washington and Seattle, in addition to San Francisco, offer forms of protection to illegal immigrants, and billions of dollars in federal aid to those cities could be at risk. ",1
5764,U.S. military posture unchanged after Iran missile test: Pentagon spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States military has not changed its posture in response to Iran test-firing a ballistic missile, a Pentagon spokesman said on Wednesday. The spokesman, Christopher Sherwood, did not provide any other details.  A top adviser to President Donald Trump delivered a tough warning to Iran on Wednesday for test-firing a ballistic missile and declared “we are officially putting Iran on notice” for what he called a provocation. ",1
5765,"Medical group urges protection for doctors, patients after U.S. travel ban","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The largest U.S. physician group urged President Donald Trump’s administration on Wednesday to protect international doctors and seriously ill patients from an executive order that suspends travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. In a letter addressed to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, the American Medical Association warned that the order created barriers to healthcare by preventing international physicians from getting back into the country or obtaining visas. It also wrote that the order should not apply to patients who need timely medical care in the United States.  “The AMA is concerned that this executive order is negatively impacting patient access to care and creating unintended consequences for our nation’s health care system,” the group said in a letter posted on its web site. “It is vitally important that this process not impact patient access to timely medical treatment.” Last Friday, Trump put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. Reuters reported earlier this week that Trump’s order wreaked panic and uncertainty among refugees in the U.S. pipeline with urgent medical needs, some of whom had prioritized applications. The order could mean as many as 800 people needing medical entry will be denied entry, said Karen Monken of HIAS, a Maryland-based refugee assistance organization formerly known as the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society. Homeland Security said in a statement the executive order “ensures a more rigorous vetting process.” “The Department of Homeland Security will continue to enforce all of President  Trump’s executive orders in a manner that ensures the safety and security of the American people,” the agency said. The AMA letter also pointed to the importance of international medical graduates, who comprise one out of every four physicians practicing in the United States. They are more likely to work in underserved and poor communities, the group wrote, and fill training positions that face workforce shortages.  Other physician groups, including the Association of American Medical Colleges and American College of Physicians, expressed concern in separate statements earlier this week that the order would create further barriers to care. ",1
5766,"As private lawyer, Trump high court pick was friend to business","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As a lawyer in private practice for a decade, President Donald Trump’s U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch often fought on behalf of business interests, including efforts to curb securities class action lawsuits, experience that could mould his thinking if he is confirmed as a justice. Gorsuch, a conservative federal appeals court judge from Colorado nominated by wealthy businessman Trump on Tuesday, could turn out to be a friend to business, having represented the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in fending off securities class actions, one of the most hotly contested areas of corporate law. The chamber is the largest U.S. business lobbying group. If confirmed, Gorsuch would be one of the only current justices with extensive experience on business issues in private practice.  Securities class action lawsuits are filed by investors who allege misconduct by a company whose stock price has tanked, hurting investors’ portfolios. These once-common lawsuits now face higher hurdles and are filed less often. Congress passed laws in 1995 and 1998 making it harder to bring securities class actions. Later court rulings, including one in which Gorsuch was involved, clarified the requirements under the laws. From 1995 to 2005, Gorsuch worked at boutique law firm Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel in Washington, becoming a partner in 1998. He had a wide range of clients, including individuals and nonprofits, as well as various business interests. While there, he filed two briefs on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce seeking limits to securities class actions. One of Gorsuch’s briefs came in a securities fraud case called Dura Pharmaceuticals v. Broudo. The Supreme Court in 2005 ruled unanimously for the company, but did not issue the kind of broad ruling Gorsuch had sought, said Patrick Coughlin, the lawyer who argued the case on behalf of the investors who sued. Of Gorsuch’s role, Coughlin said representing the Chamber of Commerce is the epitome of corporate defense work for a lawyer. “The chamber had always been against us,” Coughlin said, referring to class action lawyers. “He’d always been on the other side of what we were doing, so it was not surprising he was selected by Trump.” Prior to the ruling, Gorsuch co-wrote an article in the Legal Times trade publication for lawyers in which he described some securities class actions as a “free ride to fast riches” for plaintiffs’ lawyers. He said the Dura case was a chance for the court to “curb frivolous fraud claims” in which plaintiffs cannot prove a stock price drop was caused by misrepresentations by a company. Gorsuch’s background promises to be valuable on the Supreme Court, which hears a significant number of business disputes among the roughly 70 cases considered each annual term.  Businesses have been trying with mixed success to get the Supreme Court to put new curbs on class action litigation beyond the securities context. Class actions can lead to huge jury awards against companies and is harder to defend against than lawsuits brought by individuals. If confirmed by the U.S. Senate in time, Gorsuch could play an immediate role in a major case on whether companies can head off costly class action lawsuits by forcing employees to give up their right to pursue work-related legal claims in court as a group. Paul Bland, executive director of consumer advocacy group Public Justice, said he hoped Gorsuch, if confirmed, would see that “most of what he saw as meritless cases in 2005 have been weeded out, and that the vast majority of the cases that remain raise substantial issues that protect investors.” Chamber of Commerce official Tom Collamore joined Trump at the White House on Wednesday for a meeting with advocacy groups touting Gorsuch’s pick, calling it “a fantastic nomination.” The chamber declined comment on Gorsuch’s work for the group. In a statement issued after the nomination was announced, chamber President Tom Donohue congratulated Trump on the selection. When Democratic President Barack Obama last March nominated appeals court judge Merrick Garland to fill the same vacant seat on the court, there was no press release from the chamber. Senate Republicans refused to act on Garland’s nomination, a move that paved the way for Trump to nominate Gorsuch to replace fellow conservative Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016. Describing his career in private practice, Gorsuch said in his Senate questionnaire prior to his appointment by Republican President George W. Bush to the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006 that he was “involved in matters large and small for clients ranging from individuals to nonprofits to corporations,” on such issues as racketeering, securities fraud and antitrust.  His former Washington law firm stressed in a statement that Gorsuch had a “wide variety” of clients and cited a case in which he represented people who had been targeted over payday loans. David Frederick, a lawyer at the firm, called Gorsuch “a dogged, very determined lawyer.” “He’s the kind of lawyer you would want to have representing you,” Frederick said. After leaving the firm, but before becoming a judge, he spent just over a year in Bush’s Justice Department. One of his roles was overseeing antitrust litigation involving the government. ",1
5767,Senate panel advances Trump's nominee for attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee voted on Tuesday to confirm Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general of the United States, sending President Donald Trump’s pick to be the nation’s top law enforcement officer to the full Senate for a final vote. The role got a higher profile on Monday night when the Republican president promptly fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates for refusing to enforce his executive order temporarily banning all refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States. Yates was a holdover from the Obama administration. Sessions, a 70-year-old senator from Alabama and a close Trump ally since the early days of his presidential campaign, was likely to support the executive order. One of his former staffers, Stephen Miller, helped shape the document from the White House. Sessions’ allegiance to Trump, his hard-line immigration positions and civil rights record came under scrutiny during his 10-1/2-hour hearing before the committee on Jan. 10.  Trump’s Justice Department is likely to operate in sharp contrast to the agency under Obama. Civil rights groups say the choices Trump has made in his appointments to leadership roles at the department show that the agency is preparing to neglect or even weaken civil rights protections. Hours after Trump’s inauguration, the administration appointed Thomas Wheeler and John Gore to serve as interim leaders in the department’s Civil Rights Division. Wheeler, the current acting head of the division, defended in private practice a school that confiscated a student’s breast cancer awareness bracelet for being “inappropriate;” a public school that held a Christmas show in which Bible excerpts were read and religious songs were sung; and the Walgreens drugstore chain in a case in which a pharmacist looked up the birth control records of a customer and shared them with the customer’s ex-boyfriend. Gore, who will serve as deputy assistant attorney general in charge of voting rights and employment litigation, helped defend state election redistricting plans that were challenged on grounds that they violated the Voting Rights Act. ",1
5768,"U.S. Senate panel suspends rules, backs Price, Mnuchin for Cabinet","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee suspended committee rules and confirmed U.S. Representative Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services and banker Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary Wednesday on a straight party line vote, sending the nominations to the Senate floor. Under pressure from their political base to block President Donald Trump’s nominees, Democrats stayed away from the meeting for a second day running. This normally would have stopped action, but Republicans plowed ahead by voting to suspend the rule that required at least one Democrat to be present for business to be conducted. Republican members of the committee, who were all present,  then approved the nominees 14-0. The nominees are considered likely to be confirmed by the Republican-majority Senate. “We took some unprecedented action today due to some unprecedented obstruction on the part of our colleagues,” said the panel’s chairman, Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, who was furious over the Democrats’ no-show. He said he had obtained approval from the Senate parliamentarian for the move suspending the rule. Democrats were also unhappy. “It’s deeply troubling to me that Republicans on the Finance Committee chose to break the rules in the face of strong evidence of two nominees’ serious ethical problems,” the Finance Committee’s top Democrat, Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, said in a statement.  The Democrats said Tuesday they were boycotting Finance Committee proceedings because they wanted more information on Price’s stock trades in an Australian medical company and reports that Mnuchin’s former bank, OneWest, used automated “robo-signings” of foreclosure documents, which apparently contradicted statements the nominees had made to senators. Senate Democrats on Wednesday boycotted another committee vote on Trump’s pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, who has expressed doubts about the science of climate change. That session ended without any committee action. Republicans accused the Democrats of deliberately stalling the functions of Trump’s new administration. “They (the Democrats) had tons of information (about Price and Mnuchin),” Hatch said. “It’s another way of roughing up the president and his choice of nominees.” But Democrats have come under pressure from liberal activists who want them to counter Trump at every turn, especially after his order last week blocking immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries. It sparked a wave of protests in major U.S. cities.  One group that has been running television ads against Mnuchin blasted Republicans for the vote.  “Steven Mnuchin is such an illegitimate, compromised nominee that Republicans had to change the rules to force through his nomination,” said Kait Sweeney, press secretary of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. ",1
5769,Highlights: The Trump presidency on February 1 at 7:44 P.M. EST/1244 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Wednesday: Trump urges Senate Republicans to “go nuclear” and impose a rule change to force a simple majority vote toward confirmation if Democrats block his U.S. Supreme Court nominee. Public refusals by two U.S. Senate Republicans to support Betsy DeVos, Trump’s pick for education secretary, raise the possibility of a rare congressional rejection of a Cabinet nominee. The Senate confirms Rex Tillerson as secretary of state despite concerns over his ties to Russia, while committees approve Jeff Sessions, one of Trump’s most controversial Cabinet selections, as attorney general, as well as two other nominees. Evangelical Christian leader Jerry Falwell Jr. will head an education reform task force under Trump and is eager to cut university regulations, including rules on dealing with campus sexual assault. The White House puts Iran “on notice” for test-firing a ballistic missile and says it is reviewing how to respond, abruptly adopting an aggressive posture toward Tehran that could raise tensions in the region. Defense Secretary James Mattis is expected to underscore security commitments to South Korea and Japan on his debut trip to Asia this week as concerns mount over North Korea’s missile program and tensions with China. Tillerson sees his job become harder before it even begins because of administration moves that have antagonized Muslim nations, European allies, Mexico and U.S. bureaucrats. The Trump administration wants to revamp and rename a U.S. government program designed to counter all violent ideologies so that it focuses solely on Islamist extremism, five people briefed on the matter tell Reuters. Trump pays his respects to a U.S. Navy SEAL who died in a raid on al Qaeda in Yemen that went wrong, the first military operation authorized by Trump as commander in chief. Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. U.N. human rights experts warn that asylum seekers could face torture if not given haven and the Vatican calls for  openness to other cultures, adding to a drumbeat of criticism of Trump’s travel curbs. Trump lashes out at one of his favorite targets for derision - the news media - complaining to a group of his supporters attending a Black History Month session that most reporters who cover him are a “disgrace.” ",1
5770,Trump golf club must pay $5.77 million to former members: judge,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in Florida on Wednesday directed a golf club owned by U.S. President Donald Trump to pay $5.77 million to former members who claimed it wrongfully refused to refund their deposits after Trump took over in 2012. U.S. District Judge Kenneth Marra in West Palm Beach said Trump National Golf Club Jupiter must repay $4.849 million plus $925,010 of interest to 65 former members for breach of contract, following a non-jury trial last August. Marra said the club had no right to keep the deposits after locking out members who had declared their plans to resign prior to Trump’s purchase in November 2012. Before Trump took over, the club had permitted members who wanted to resign to keep playing golf until their replacements were found. But Trump changed the rules, declaring in a letter that “as the owner of the club” he did not want such members to use the club, and telling them “you’re out.” Marra, however, said this deprived the plaintiffs of their “continuing right” to use the club until new members joined. “By categorically denying class members all rights to club access because they remained on the resignation waiting list as of December 31, 2012, defendant revoked or canceled their memberships,” and should have refunded their deposits, he said. The Trump Organization said in a statement that it disagreed with the decision and will appeal. “At the time Trump purchased the club, it was suffering financially, making it unlikely that these members would ever get back their deposits,” it added. Brad Edwards, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said in an interview that “our clients are thrilled that they are getting exactly what they deserve.” He added: “I think President Trump is going to respect this judgment.” In a footnote, Marra noted that Trump was a “private citizen” at all times relevant to the lawsuit, and that he would refer to Trump as such in the decision. “In doing so, the court means no disrespect to him or to the esteemed position he now holds,” wrote Marra, an appointee of former President George W. Bush. The case is Hirsch et al v. Jupiter Golf Club LLC et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida, No. 13-80456. ",1
5771,Trump blasts media at Black History Month event,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump opened a “listening session” on Wednesday for Black History Month by lashing out at one of his favorite targets for derision - the news media - complaining to a group of his supporters that most reporters who cover him are a “disgrace.”  Trump rehashed his grievances over a report that erroneously said a bust of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. had been removed from the White House Oval Office - a mistake that was quickly corrected but caused a stir on social media. “It was never even touched. So I think it was a disgrace, but that’s the way the press is,” Trump said, calling the report “fake news.” Trump returned to the theme a couple of times during the portion of the event that was open to media. He slammed CNN, also calling it “fake news,” but praised Fox News, and took one more whack as reporters were led out of the Roosevelt Room. “A lot of the media is actually the opposition party. They’re so biased. It’s a disgrace,” he said. Trump has said he has a “running war” with the media, blaming it for underestimating his chances during the presidential campaign and accusing it of favoring his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. He has kept up the attacks since his Jan. 20 inauguration. The listening session at the White House was attended by African-American supporters of Trump and other officials to celebrate the start of Black History Month and discuss issues affecting the black community. Trump pledged during his campaign to improve the lives of black residents of inner cities and crack down on crime and violence in urban areas, especially in Chicago, where murders have spiked. Last month, Trump threatened to “send in the Feds” if Chicago did not get its murder rate under control. One of the attendees, Cleveland-based pastor Darrell Scott, said Trump would take a “proactive” approach to dealing with violence in Chicago that did not simply involve locking people up. “We’re not just going to send in Feds and start arresting black people,” Scott told reporters. Scott told Trump that some “gang” members from Chicago had reached out to him about having a meeting to reduce the violence, which Trump said he encouraged. “If they’re not going to solve the problem – and what you’re doing is the right thing – then we’re going to solve the problem for them,” Trump told Scott while reporters were still in the room. “Because we’re going to have to do something about Chicago.” Pastor Corey Brooks from New Beginnings Church of Chicago, who did not attend the session, said in a phone interview he had spoken with a White House official about a possible meeting with the gang leaders but that details were unclear.  Other religious leaders in Chicago were skeptical about such a meeting, saying the city’s splintered gangs no longer had clear leaders. ",1
5772,"U.S. House axes rules to prevent corruption, pollution","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two major U.S. rules aimed at curbing corruption and pollution in the energy sector may be entirely wiped from the books by next week, after the Republican-led House of Representatives on Wednesday voted to repeal them. The Senate is expected to take up repealing the rules, both of which were years in the making, as soon as Thursday. Under the virtually untested Congressional Review Act, the Republican-led Congress can vote to permanently undo newly minted regulations. Agencies cannot revisit overturned regulations and timing in the law means any regulation enacted in the Obama administration’s final months are eligible for axing. Required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s “extraction rule” was approved this summer to require companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp to publicly state the taxes and other fees they pay to governments.  Exxon, and other major energy corporations, fought for years to keep the rule from seeing the light of day. After a series of legal battles the SEC in June 2016 finally completed the rule, which supporters say can help expose questionable financial ties U.S. companies may have with foreign governments. During Wednesday’s debate, Representative Maxine Waters, the senior Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, raised concerns that Exxon’s CEO during those fights was Rex Tillerson, just confirmed in the top diplomatic post of Secretary of State. During Tillerson’s confirmation hearings, he raised Democrats’ hackles by saying he did not know Exxon lobbied against U.S. sanctions on Russia, where he did business for years. Republicans say the rule is burdensome and costly for energy companies, and also duplicates other long-standing regulations. On the House floor Republican Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the Financial Services Committee, called the rule part of “a radical leftist elitist agenda against carbon-based jobs.” The stream buffer rule is intended to lessen the amount of waste from mountain-top removal coal mining deposited in local waterways.  Republican lawmakers, though, say it is hurting coal jobs by placing unworkable limits on the industry. Democrats, on the other hand, say it cuts down on water pollution. Republicans consider loosening regulation as high a priority as dismantling the Affordable Care Act and rewriting the tax code, according to Kevin McCarthy, the second most powerful Republican in the House. On Thursday, the House will vote on repealing three other rules - on methane on public lands, expanding background checks for some gun purchases, and requiring federal contractors to post information on their workers. In recent weeks, the House has also passed bills to slow down regulatory processes and President Donald Trump, a fellow Republican, has issued executive orders trying to shrink the government bureaucracy. ",1
5773,U.S. Senate support for Trump education nominee weakens,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Public refusals on Wednesday by two U.S. Senate Republicans to support Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s pick for education secretary, raised the possibility of a rare congressional rejection of a Cabinet nominee. In an ominous sign for Trump, Republican senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski said they would not vote for DeVos, a billionaire philanthropist and charter-school advocate.  They would be the first Republicans to break party ranks and vote against one of Trump’s cabinet selections. Democrats, uniformly opposed to DeVos, are expected to oppose her as a block. They would only need for three Republicans to side with them to make DeVos just the 10th cabinet nominee in U.S. history to be rejected by Congress. Collins and Murkowski also created a possible speed bump in confirming another Trump nominee, that of Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General.  Once Sessions, who was approved by Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, becomes the country’s top law enforcement officer, he will have to vacate his seat and can no longer cast a vote supporting DeVos. With voting margins so thin, his departure would put her nomination in peril. Soon after Collins and Murkowski staked out their opposition to DeVos, the White House said it is confident that she will ultimately be approved.  Senator John Cornyn, responsible for tallying Republican votes in the chamber, was also confident DeVos would be confirmed. Nonetheless, DeVos’ opponents kicked into high gear on Wednesday to press other Republican Senators to vote no when the chamber begins considering the nomination, expected on Friday at the earliest. “I cannot support this nominee,” Murkowski said in a floor speech saying she needed to make her intentions clear to her colleagues. DeVos’ nomination barely squeaked through a Senate committee vote on Tuesday, with both Collins and Murkowski saying they voted yes only so the entire Senate could debate the matter. Trump’s early nominations, primarily for security posts, had an easier time on Capitol Hill than names now before the Senate. Republicans hold majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives, but Democrats have been on a blitz to try to block the nominations, often raising concerns about conflicts of interest. On Wednesday, the Senate Finance Committee had to suspend its rules to advance Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin and Health Secretary nominee Tom Price to the full chamber for approval, the final step in the confirmation process.  Committee Democrats on Tuesday had boycotted the vote, forcing Republicans to scrap a requirement that at least one Democrat be present for a vote. Confirmation hearings for Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder have been indefinitely delayed over ethics filings. Meanwhile, the Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as secretary of state on Wednesday, filling a key national security spot despite concerns about the former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) chief executive officer’s ties to Russia.  Education Secretary nominees are rarely the focus of congressional debate or political protests. DeVos, though, has faced unusually fierce opposition since her confirmation hearing, where she appeared unfamiliar with education laws and public school issues.  Old-guard Republicans including Former first ladies Barbara Bush and Laura Bush have defended her as a lifelong champion of low-income students and literacy. ",1
5774,Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about  his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president’s business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), General Motors Co (GM.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), IBM Corp (IBM.N), Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump’s order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump’s move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday.  Trump’s executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that “the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting.” Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone (BX.N), who chairs the panel and assembled it at  Trump’s request. Four topics will be discussed —  regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure — with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape  “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump’s penchant for rebuking companies publicly.  “Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid,” said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday’s meeting. “I’m sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully.” It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday’s meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co (F.N) Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump’s order “undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity  and company operations.”  The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump’s immigration orders include Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), none of which form part of the business advisory panel. ",1
5775,"Iran confirms missile test, drawing tough response from Trump aide","DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran said on Wednesday it had test-fired a new ballistic missile, prompting a tough response from a senior adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump. Iran’s defense minister said the test did not breach the Islamic Republic’s nuclear agreement with world powers or a U.N. Security Council resolution endorsing the pact, Iran has test-fired several ballistic missiles since the nuclear deal in 2015, but the latest test was the first since Trump entered the White House. Trump said during his election campaign that he would stop Iran’s missile program. “The recent test was in line with our plans and we will not allow foreigners to interfere in our defense affairs,” Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan told Tasnim news agency. “The test did not violate the nuclear deal or (U.N.) Resolution 2231.” Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, said the United States was putting Iran on notice over its “destabilizing activity” after it fired the missile. “As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice,” Flynn said, without explaining exactly what that meant. Flynn said the missile launch defied the U.N. resolution that called on Iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons. A U.S. official said Iran had test-launched a medium-range ballistic missile on Sunday and it exploded after traveling 630 miles (1,010 km).  The Security Council held an emergency meeting on Tuesday and recommended the missile testing be studied at committee level. The new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, called the test “unacceptable”.  Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Tuesday that Tehran would never use its ballistic missiles to attack another country. Some 220 Iranian members of parliament reaffirmed support for Tehran’s missile program, calling international condemnation of the tests “illogical.” “The Islamic Republic of Iran is against weapons of mass destruction, so its missile capability is the only available deterrence against enemy hostility,” the lawmakers said in a statement carried on state media on Wednesday. The state news agency IRNA quoted Ali Shamkhani, head of Iran’s National Security Council, as saying Iran would not seek “permission from any country or international organization for development of our conventional defensive capability”.  The Security Council resolution was adopted to buttress the deal under which Iran curbed its nuclear activities to allay concerns they could be used to develop atomic bombs, in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. The resolution urged Tehran to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Critics say the resolution’s language does not make this obligatory. Tehran says it has not carried out any work on missiles specifically designed to carry nuclear payloads. The test on Sunday, according to U.S. officials, was of a type of missile that had also been tested seven months ago. Iran has one of the Middle East’s largest missile programs  but it has been dogged by a poor record for accuracy. However, Hossein Salami, deputy head of Iran’s Revolutionary Guards, said on the day of the test that the country was now one of the few whose ballistic missiles were capable of hitting moving objects. This would enable Iran to hit enemy ships, drones or incoming ballistic missiles.  Some of Iran’s precision-guided missiles have the range to strike its regional enemy Israel. On Monday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Iran’s new missile test a “flagrant violation” of the U.N. resolution. He said he would ask Trump in their meeting in mid- February for a renewal of sanctions against Iran. ",1
5776,U.S. proposes 0.25 percent hike in Medicare Advantage payments,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Wednesday proposed an increase of 0.25 percent on average in payments to health insurers who offer Medicare Advantage insurance, which provides health benefits to more than 18 million elderly or disabled people. Enrollment in these plans grew by about 7 percent last year to account for about one-third of Medicare members, making it an important growth business for private insurers who are facing changes in their business as Republicans seek to repeal and replace Obamacare. It is not clear if Republicans will make any broad changes to the Medicare Advantage program, or to Medicare. Ipsita Smolinski, managing director at Capitol Street in Washington D.C. said on Wednesday that Medicare Advantage could get a boost amid the Republican push for private programs.  The payment rate increase of 25 basis points was in line with estimates that analysts had released ahead of time and shares of insurers including UnitedHealth Group Inc and Humana Inc, two of the largest providers of these plans, were little changed in after-hours trading. JPMorgan’s Gary Taylor said in a research note last week that he had been expecting a proposal for payments that were flat to slightly up from the rate that the government is now paying insurers who provide plans. Last year, the government proposed an increase of about 1.35 percent but later trimmed that back about 50 basis points. But insurers have 30 days to respond to the proposed payment rates and other changes included in the regulatory notice, which this year was 159 pages long, and may ask for a bigger increase.  “The 2018 update is only a smidge better than flat which I suspect may anger some plans,” Smolinski said. She said she expected that the payment rate could rise between now and when final rates are set. Insurers use the payment rate information provided by the government to prepare bids to sell Medicare Advantage plans in specific areas.  The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the division of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services that regulates Medicare, will announce the final rate on April 3.  It said that it expected an additional 2.5 percent increase in payments related to coding of medical services.  The payment rate takes into account annual growth in medical costs and statutory requirements to reduce government payments to insurers for Medicare Advantage closer to the level it pays in traditional fee-for-service Medicare. Marilyn Tavenner, the CEO of America’s Health Insurance Plans, the industry’s biggest lobbying group, said that it is reviewing the notice to be sure “the program is protected from harmful cuts.” ",1
5777,German foreign minister says to meet with Tillerson in Washington,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Wednesday said he would travel to the United States to meet with the newly confirmed U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, underscoring the importance of maintaining trusted relations with Germany’s closest ally outside Europe. Gabriel said he looked forward to meeting with Tillerson, who is to be sworn in his post later on Wednesday, adding that he would be seeking answers about the new U.S. administration’s foreign policies, its relationship to the NATO alliance and other key issues. “The world will not wait for us. There are urgent issues on the global agenda about which Germany and America, as well as Europe and America, should be closely coordinating,” Gabriel said in a statement. ",1
5778,Activist ire rises as Dakota pipeline review begins,"WASHINGTON/CANNON BALL, N.D. (Reuters) - Native Americans and activists protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline project expressed alarm on Wednesday after federal lawmakers from North Dakota said the final permit had been granted for the project, a statement later contradicted by the Army, which issues such permits. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said on Wednesday it has started a review for the permit but that the easement had not been granted. “The Assistant Secretary for the Army Civil Works will make a decision on the pipeline once a full review and analysis is completed in accordance with the directive,” it said in a statement. (Graphic: here) Activists in North Dakota expressed anger after two lawmakers said late on Tuesday that final right-of-way for the pipeline had already been approved.  In a statement late on Tuesday, activists at the Sacred Stone camp, the original protest camp on Standing Rock Sioux land, called on other activists to return for prayer and “direct action.”      The Standing Rock Sioux tribe, along with other Native American groups, environmentalists and other activists have argued that the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline led by  Energy Transfer Partners LP would damage sacred lands and could leak oil into the tribe’s water supply. Proponents believe the pipeline is necessary to transport U.S. oil safely and that it would create jobs. The pipeline would stretch for 1,170 miles (1,885 km) from North Dakota’s oil-producing Bakken region to Patoka, Illinois. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe had successfully won delays from the Obama administration for further environmental review, but last week President Donald Trump signed an executive order telling the Corps of Engineers to expedite review of the project. It is unclear how long that review will take. It still needs a required permit to tunnel under Lake Oahe, a reservoir that is part of the Missouri River. The reservoir is the water source for the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, whose land in Cannon Ball is adjacent to the line’s route.    Jade Begay, spokeswoman for the Indigenous Environmental Network, a nonprofit group and one of the primary groups protesting the line, said: “People (in protest camps) are watching pretty closely. People are in a reactionary place and it is dangerous for politicians to put out these unfounded statements.”  In a statement posted on their website, the Sacred Stone camp - the original camp, established last April - asked protesters to return to their encampment so that they could stage another demonstration. That camp is located on Sioux land in Sioux County; it is not the site of the bulk of protests, which are in Morton County on federal land.  The main protest camp, known as Oceti Sakowin, had been the staging ground for ongoing protests, some of which led to violent clashes between law enforcement and activists.  That camp is in the process of being broken down, because it is located on a flood plain, and when it floods, any remaining structures could foul the river.  Protesters on Wednesday attempted to set up another camp across from Oceti Sakowin, on the other side of Highway 1806, on private property. In a press release, North Dakota law enforcement said they asked protesters to leave the camp, and after refusals, evicted about 40 people from that land, which is owned by Dakota Access. On Tuesday, U.S. Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota said in a statement that Acting Secretary of the Army Robert Speer had told him and Vice President Mike Pence that Speer directed the Corps to proceed with the easement. U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer also said he had been informed of the directive. A spokesman for Hoeven, Don Canton, said on Wednesday that Speer told the senator that the Army Corps was doing its due diligence in acting on Trump’s memo from last week, and that Hoeven had not discussed the environmental study with the Corps. Lewis Grassrope, a member of the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe in South Dakota, said the Trump administration and North Dakota  lawmakers were trying to inspire fear and anger through premature statements. “They want us to react and go do actions, which will give them the right to say, ‘OK, they’re not peaceful. So let’s put in this pipeline,’” he said.     Several groups opposing the project, including the Standing Rock Sioux, said they would fight the granting of an easement in court, as an environmental study still needs to be completed. Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II last week said he requested a meeting with Trump, but has not received a response. Standing Rock representatives were not available for comment on Wednesday, but Begay said that “Trump, when he made these executive orders, did not have any consultation with tribal leaders.” ",1
5779,Trump urges Republicans to 'go nuclear' to defend high court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday urged Senate Republicans to “go nuclear” and impose a rule change to force a simple majority vote on confirmation if Democrats block his U.S. Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, as Democrats maneuvered for a hard fight. Gorsuch, a federal appeals court judge from Colorado seen as a conservative intellectual, began holding private meetings with senators, starting with top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell, to drum up support for his nomination a day after Trump picked  the 49-year-old for a lifetime job on the country’s top court. Trump’s fellow Republicans control the Senate 52-48. Democrats signaled on Wednesday they would set up a procedural hurdle, known as a filibuster, requiring 60 votes, rather than a simple majority, to move toward confirmation of Gorsuch. The president urged McConnell to change long-standing Senate rules to eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, a move dubbed the “nuclear option,” if Democrats block Gorsuch. “We want to have him (Gorsuch) go through an elegant process as opposed to a demeaning process, because they’re very demeaning on the other side, and they want to make you look as bad as possible,” Trump said, referring to Democrats. “If we end up with that gridlock, I would say: ‘If you can, Mitch, go nuclear,’” Trump said at a White House meeting with conservative advocacy groups. Supreme Court nominations require Senate confirmation.  If confirmed, Gorsuch would reinstate the Supreme Court’s conservative majority, in place for decades until Justice Antonin Scalia’s death last Feb. 13. The court’s ideological shift could prove pivotal on a range of issues including presidential powers, abortion, the death penalty and transgender, gun and religious rights. Trump’s comments came as Democrats plotted strategy on how to deal with Gorsuch’s nomination. They remain furious over McConnell’s refusal last year to let the Senate hold confirmation hearings or a vote on Democratic President Barack Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland to succeed Scalia on the court.  Some Democratic senators, arguing that Republicans stole a Supreme Court seat from Obama, announced their opposition to Gorsuch, while others said they were willing to hear him out. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on the Senate floor that if Gorsuch could not meet the same standard Republicans insisted on for Obama’s Supreme Court nominees, at least 60 votes for confirmation, “then the problem lies not with the Senate, but with the nominee.” “The answer should not be to change the rules of the Senate, but to change the nominee to someone who can earn 60 votes. Sixty votes produces a mainstream candidate,” Schumer added. To get those 60 votes, Republicans hope to lure eight Democrats up for re-election in 2018 in Republican-leaning states or states that voted for Trump last November. Those include Democrats from Indiana, North Dakota, West Virginia, Missouri, Michigan, Montana and Wisconsin as well as closely divided Maine. Senator Sherrod Brown, a Democrat from Republican-leaning Ohio, already announced he would vote against Gorsuch. Senator Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin said she would review Gorsuch’s record but was “deeply troubled” over his stances against disabled students, workers and women’s reproductive healthcare. Senator Jon Tester of Montana said in an interview he wanted to review Gorscuch’s record on women’s rights and other issues, adding the judge’s stance on end-of-life issues “distresses me.” Gorsuch is known for siding with the Christian owners of a company that challenged federal requirements that businesses provide insurance coverage for women’s birth control and for writing against euthanasia and assisted suicide. The influential, deep-pocketed Americans for Prosperity is promising a vigorous effort to help Gorsuch get confirmed and is using its network of wealthy contributors to build support, especially in battleground states. The organization is led by multi-billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch. It has been ramping up its political campaign donations in support of Republican candidates for the Senate and other offices.     Schumer said that while Trump campaigned as someone who would “be for the working man and woman,” he now had chosen a Supreme Court nominee who “sides with CEOs over citizens.” “Unfortunately, Judge Gorsuch has proven to have a judicial philosophy outside of the mainstream and time and again has subjugated individual rights to those of corporations,” said Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, who came out in opposition to the nomination.  Senator Joe Manchin, a moderate Democrat who met with the nominee on Wednesday, said a Supreme Court nominee should have to win the support of 60 senators but urged fellow Democrats to give Gorsuch a chance. Manchin, whose home state, West Virginia, voted overwhelmingly for Trump, is up for re-election in 2018. Senate aides said Republicans were hoping the Judiciary Committee could hold hearings and a vote on the nomination by late March, paving the way for confirmation by the full Senate in the first week of April. If that happens, Gorsuch could be on the high court in time to year a major transgender rights case. ",1
5780,Trump travel curbs pose revenue challenges for U.S. colleges,"NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s travel restrictions on people from seven countries could dampen international enrollment at U.S. colleges, at a time they have become increasingly reliant on tuition revenue from overseas students. Colleges and universities have struggled in recent years with slowing tuition growth, increased competition and a stronger focus on making education more affordable. (Graphic: here) Those factors have increased the importance of international students, who made up 5.2 percent of enrollment last year, up from 3.2 percent a decade earlier, according to the Institute of International Education, or IIE.  “International student growth is important for many institutions,” said Roy Eappen, municipal research analyst at Wells Fargo. “Many international students come to the U.S. to study and are willing to pay full price for higher education.” Analysts said international student applications could be hit by the White House travel order. Trump suspended travelers from seven majority-Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen - saying the move would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. The curbs come “at a delicate point in the admissions cycle” because students are beginning to decide where to enroll this autumn, said Susan Fitzgerald, associate managing director, Moody’s. “You could see an impact in the fall. We just don’t know yet.” U.S. universities in both Democratic- and Republican-led states said over the weekend they were unnerved by the executive order.  Lee Bollinger, president of New York’s Columbia University, wrote in a statement on Sunday that “if this order stands, there is the certainty of a profound impact on our University community.” Of the 1,043,839 international students in the United States during the 2015-16 school year, 17,354, or 1.7 percent, came from the countries affected by the order, IIE data shows. While that is a small portion of the total, there could be a broader impact on the country’s ability to attract students from the global marketplace if the United States becomes viewed as  potentially less welcoming for international students, some analysts said. Wells Fargo’s Eappen said any kind of anti-immigration sentiment may lead to a pullback in demand from international students.  IIE President Allan Goodman said in an emailed statement that “beyond the immediate impact of students from specific countries who are not able to enter the country, there could be a ripple effect of significant unintended economic consequences as students, faculty and researchers from other countries decide whether to come to the United States.” Public universities have increasingly fallen victim to state budget cuts or tuition freezes, while many private universities now discount tuition, meaning they slash their price tags to lure prospective students. In many parts of the country, enrollment numbers are on the decline and university debt is on the rise. That makes attracting international students increasingly important. International students make up an estimated 10 to 12 percent of tuition revenue among U.S. schools rated by Moody’s, Fitzgerald said.  “University education for Americans is subsidized by foreigners who occupy seats in classrooms,” said David Kotok, chairman and chief investment officer of Cumberland Advisors. “Ask any dean or provost what his school’s financial structure would look like if there were no foreign students enrolled.” According to NAFSA, an international education association, international students contributed $32.8 billion and supported more than 400,000 jobs in the U.S. economy during the 2015-2016 academic year.  Moody’s Fitzgerald said international students had become a counterweight to the relatively low revenue growth from domestic students among U.S. schools. “It would be an additional challenge for the sector should it fall,” Fitzgerald said.  ",1
5781,Some nations affected by U.S. immigration order may stay on list,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries temporarily barred from the United States by President Donald Trump’s executive order may be blocked indefinitely, and others might be added to the list, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Tuesday. Under the order released on Friday, travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen may not enter the country for at least 90 days while Kelly and others determine whether there is enough information available to screen them. “Some of those countries that are currently on the list may not be taken off the list anytime soon, if they are countries that are in various states of collapse, as an example,” Kelly told a press conference. Kelly said others may be added if it is determined they “could tighten up their procedures” to ensure more secure vetting. Several lawsuits have been filed blocking portions of the order, which drew harsh criticism from some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, Democrats, human rights organizations and some Western U.S. allies.  Vice President Mike Pence was closely questioned about the order by Republican senators during their weekly caucus lunch. “Obviously what happened Friday, they have to understand, was not well done,” Republican Senator Bob Corker told reporters. “... There are a lot of issues here that I don’t think were well thought through.” Confusion mounted during the weekend as U.S. Customs and Border Protection, a division of the Department of Homeland Security, rushed to brief airlines and customs agents about how to implement Trump’s order. The executive action was not explicit about how to handle a wide range of people trying to enter the United States, including permanent residents, students and even Iraqi pilots training to protect U.S. troops. Acting Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan told reporters he had briefed appropriate parties “within two hours” of the order. Kelly said he knew the order was coming and “had people involved in the general drafting of it.” But a Department of Homeland Security official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said Customs and Border Protection officers had no advance notice of the order or how to respond. Some issues were addressed on Tuesday. Kelly said people from the seven targeted nations who hold dual citizenship would be allowed to enter the United States on the passport of a non-restricted nation, which had been uncertain. The executive order also stopped the resettlement of refugees for 120 days. But the administration granted waivers to 872 “in transit” who will be arriving this week. Kelly came to the U.S. Capitol later on Tuesday to brief congressional leaders and the heads of national security committees about the order. He was peppered with questions from both Republicans and Democrats concerned about the lack of planning. Senator Claire McCaskill, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Homeland Security Committee, said Kelly made clear the White House is happy with the order, and that the administration had not wanted to wait to address details about its implementation. “It was pretty clear that the president wanted this executive order put in place, and he wanted it implemented immediately. And it’s not going anywhere,” she told reporters. Since the order, 721 travelers with visas from the seven countries were denied boarding U.S.-bound flights, according to McAleenan. The department has also processed 1,060 waivers for legal permanent residents, such as green card holders. Kelly said immigration and customs officials were in compliance with court orders and no agent knowingly or intentionally violated them. The Trump administration also sought to clarify on Tuesday that citizens of U.S. ally Israel who were born in Arab countries would be allowed into the United States. The U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv said a valid U.S. visa in an Israeli passport would still be valid even if the passport holder was born in one of the seven countries. ",1
5782,"Libyan officials criticize U.S. travel ban, doubt over February conference","TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya’s U.N.-backed government has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s temporary ban on its nationals and those of six other countries entering the United States, which put in question attendance at a high-profile conference on Libya planned in Washington for mid-February.   The executive order by Trump comes at a time of uncertainty over U.S. policy in Libya, which remains mired in the chaos that followed the NATO-backed 2011 uprising against long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi. The U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA), was strongly supported by former U.S. President Barack Obama’s administration, but has struggled to assert its authority in Tripoli and beyond.  Factions in eastern Libya aligned with a rival government and with powerful military commander Khalifa Haftar welcomed Trump’s election, hoping for more support for their anti-Islamist stance. Trump’s travel ban has angered some Libyans, including students studying or planning to study in the United States. GNA Foreign Minister Mohammed Siyala called it an “unjust decision” that should be reviewed.  “These actions represent racial discrimination on the basis of religion and are incompatible with human rights,” he told local TV station Libya’s Channel.  Authorities in eastern Libya declined to comment on the ban for days. A spokesman for the eastern-based government said on Wednesday however the order “could not be rejected”, given Libya’s own institutional confusion. A member of the eastern parliament, Youssef al-Fakhri, said that despite Libya’s political and security problems, the measure was “not appropriate”.  The order appeared to put in jeopardy the participation of Libyans invited to a Feb. 16 conference titled “Libya-U.S. Relations 2017: New Vision, Hope and Opportunities”.  The event, co-hosted by the National Council on U.S.-Libya Relations, lists Libyan speakers including two former prime ministers and the head of the National Oil Corporation (NOC). Several speakers are loyal to or connected with eastern-based factions. “We are clearly concerned with the risk of denial of entrance to some of our key speakers and participants from Libya,” Hani Shennib, the council’s president, said in an email. “However, we are working diligently with authorities here in the USA and we are hopeful that a resolution to facilitate  entrance of our conference participants will [be] present in the next 2-3 days.” A GNA spokesman, Ashraf al-Tulti, told Reuters Libya’s foreign ministry would request exceptions from the U.S. Department of State for Libyan attendees.  Exceptions to the travel ban can be made on a case by case basis, and diplomatic visas are exempt. Tulti, who was invited to attend the Washington conference and holds a diplomatic passport, said he was still waiting for a visa. One Libyan speaker said she had a visa, but was still investigating whether she would be able to attend. Under the order released on Friday, travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen are banned from entering the United States for at least 90 days. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said some countries “may not be taken off the list anytime soon, if they are countries that are in various states of collapse”. ",1
5783,"UAE says Trump travel ban an internal affair, most Muslims unaffected","ABU DHABI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister said on Wednesday President Donald Trump’s travel ban on citizens of seven mainly Muslim countries was an internal affair not directed at any faith, a more measure reaction than others from the region. Trump’s order affecting Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen has triggered protests across the United States and beyond. But Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed said most Muslims and Muslim countries were not included in the ban and the named states faced “challenges” that they needed to address. “The United States has taken a decision that is within the American sovereign decision,” Sheikh Abdullah said at a joint news conference with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Abu Dhabi. “There are attempts to give the impression that this decision is directed against a particular religion, but what proves this talk to be incorrect first is what the U.S. administration itself says ... that this decision is not directed at a certain religion.” The UAE, a major oil exporter, is a close ally of the United States and a member of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamist militants in Syria. Sheikh Abdullah gave a guarded welcome to another Trump initiative, a proposal for humanitarian safe zones in Syria.  “If the aim behind these areas is humanitarian and temporary and under an international umbrella, I think this is a basis we can work on,” he said. “But I think that it is still early to decide what our final stance toward these zones is before we hear from the new U.S. administration the ideas and develop that further,” he added. ",1
5784,Trump Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch seen in the mold of Scalia,"Federal appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch, the U.S. Supreme Court pick of President Donald Trump, is a conservative intellectual known for backing religious rights and seen as very much in the mold of Antonin Scalia, the justice he was chosen to replace.  Gorsuch, who has not shied away from needling liberals on occasion, is 49 and could influence the high court for decades to come in the lifetime post, if confirmed by the Republican-led Senate. He is the youngest Supreme Court nominee since Republican President George H.W. Bush in 1991 picked Clarence Thomas, who was 43 at the time.  DON’T MISS For hardline West Bank settlers, Jared Kushner's their man He currently serves as a judge on the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver, the city where he was born. He was appointed to that post in 2006 by Republican President George W. Bush.  Gorsuch, who is white, adds little diversity to the court compared with the justices appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama, both of whom were women, one becoming the first Latina justice.  But he offers geographical diversity to a court dominated by justices from the east and west coasts. As an Episcopalian, he would be the only Protestant on the court, which has three Jewish justices and five Catholics.  EXCLUSIVE Poll: A third of Americans think travel ban will make them safer Gorsuch is seen by analysts as a jurist similar to Scalia, who died on Feb. 13, 2016. Scalia, praised by Gorsuch as “a lion of the law,” was known not only for his hard-line conservatism but for interpreting the U.S. Constitution based on what he considered its original meaning, and laws as written by legislators. Like Scalia, Gorsuch is known for sharp writing skills.  “It is the role of judges to apply, not alter, the work of the people’s representatives,” Gorsuch said on Tuesday at the White House event announcing the nomination in remarks that echoed Scalia’s views.  Trump, a Republican, had the chance to nominate Gorsuch because the Republican-led U.S. Senate last year refused to consider Obama’s nominee, appeals court judge Merrick Garland.  Democrats, angered by the treatment of Garland, and opposing Gorsuch’s conservative views, may seek to block his nomination.  Trump may have favored Gorsuch for the job in hopes of a smoother confirmation process than for other potential candidates such as appeals court judge William Pryor, who has called the 1973 Supreme Court ruling legalizing abortion “the worst abomination of constitutional law in our history.”  The federal government is familiar territory for Gorsuch, who is the son of Anne Burford, the first woman to head the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. She served as Republican President Ronald Reagan’s top environmental official but resigned in 1983, just 22 months into the job, amid a fight with Congress over documents on the EPA’s use of a fund created to clean up toxic waste dumps nationwide.  She was criticized by environmentalists for cutting the agency’s enforcement efforts against polluters and slowing payments for cleaning up toxic waste.  The high court is also familiar ground for Gorsuch, who served as a clerk for two justices including a current member of the court, Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who often casts a deciding vote in close decisions. If confirmed, he would become the first clerk to join a former boss on the Supreme Court. Gorsuch also served as a clerk for Justice Byron White, a John F. Kennedy appointee, who retired from the court in 1993.  Gorsuch has strong, Ivy League academic qualifications: attending Columbia University and, like several of the other justices on the court, Harvard Law School, graduating the same year as Obama. He completed a doctorate in legal philosophy at Oxford University, spent several years in private practice and worked in George W. Bush’s Justice Department.  In a 2005 article in the conservative National Review magazine, Gorsuch criticized American liberals’ “overweening addiction to the courtroom” to implement a social agenda “on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide.” In his Senate confirmation hearing for his appellate court judgeship, he said the point of the article could be applied to groups across the political spectrum.  In 2013, Gorsuch played a role in a high-profile ruling involving arts-and-crafts retailer Hobby Lobby, allowing owners of private companies to object on religious grounds to an Obamacare provision requiring employers to provide health insurance covering birth control for women.  The decision, later upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court, said the provision violated a federal law called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. In a concurrence, Gorsuch expressed sympathy for the choice faced by the evangelical Christian owners of the company “between exercising their faith or saving their business.”  Gorsuch also criticized an important legal doctrine that directs courts to defer to federal agencies’ interpretation of statutes. Last August, in a case over immigration rules, Gorsuch called the doctrine the “elephant in the room” that concentrates federal power “in a way that seems more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution.”  He has written extensively on the topic of assisted suicide and euthanasia, arguing against legalization. In written questions related to his Senate confirmation hearings, he was asked whether his writings would make him biased in any case on the matter before him. He said his personal views would play no role in his decisions as a judge.  Gorsuch is married with two teenage daughters, and lives outside of Boulder, Colorado.  Friends and former clerks said he was a lover of the outdoors, describing him as an excellent skier, a fly fisherman and a runner.  “We used to joke that he should be the face of Colorado tourism,” former Gorsuch clerk Jane Nitze said.  ",1
5785,Democratic lawmakers want probe of Trump adviser's Russia payment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of top U.S. House of Representatives Democrats sent a letter on Tuesday asking the Department of Defense to review a paid appearance at a Russian event by retired Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump’s National Security Adviser. The letter said it was “extremely concerning” that Flynn was paid to appear at a gala for Russia’s government-funded RT  television. The anti-bribery “emoluments” clause of the U.S. constitution bars payments by foreign governments. “It remains unclear how much General Flynn was paid for his dinner with (Russian President) Vladimir Putin, whether he received additional payments from Russian or other foreign sources on separate occasions, or whether he sought the approval of the Department of Defense or Congress to accept any of these payments,” said the letter from the ranking Democrats on six House committees. Asked about the letter, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said he thought the Department of Defense was an appropriate place for such a review. But he said it did not appear unusual. He noted that Flynn “like I think probably countless if not hundreds of retired flag officers, joined a speaking bureau and has given speeches at various places.” Flynn, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, has had warm relations with Putin’s government, which has worried Russia hawks in Congress, who consider Moscow a U.S. opponent on issues ranging from the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine to the civil war in Syria and the hacking of last year’s U.S. election. Some lawmakers also have questioned Flynn’s relationship with the government of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. He was a paid lobbyist for a consulting firm led by the head of the Turkish-American Business Council, and after last November’s election wrote an article urging the U.S. to cultivate better relations with Erdogan. ",1
5786,White House says has updated guidance for green card holders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday it has issued updated guidance on President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration clarifying that legal permanent residents, or green card holders, do not require a waiver to enter the United States. “They no longer need a waiver because if they are a legal permanent resident they won’t need it anymore,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said at a news briefing. The restriction on green card holders was among the most confusing element in the executive order signed on Friday. Initially, administration officials said such permanent legal residents were barred from entry under the executive order, although they could apply for a waiver and be rescreened. After the ensuing outcry — including legal challenges — over legal residents being detained, the Homeland Security Department said on Sunday green card holders would be allowed on planes to the United States and would be assessed upon arrival. “We expect swift entry for these individuals,” DHS said. Spicer said the White House counsel issued an update on Wednesday to clarify that those legal permanent residents no longer need a waiver. “Initially, as the program was lifting off, the idea was that they would go through be granted a waiver, of which everyone was,” Spicer told the news briefing. “In the sake of efficiency, we have interpreted the guidance to all of these agencies ... that that does not apply, they no longer need a waiver.” ",1
5787,Senate tax chief questions border adjustment tax,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. Senate Republican on tax policy raised questions on Wednesday about a border adjustment tax backed by Republicans in the House of Representatives, and suggested it could have difficulty passing the Senate as a part of a U.S. tax reform. Border adjustment, which is a mainstay of the House Republican tax reform blueprint, would bring sweeping change to the U.S. corporate tax system. But it faces opposition from retailers, oil refiners and automakers who say it could raise prices for American consumers.   In a speech to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch did not reject the border adjustment tax proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan. But he said there are  questions about whether it would unduly burden U.S. consumers and businesses or pass muster under international trade rules. “We don’t have definitive answers to any of those questions at this particular point. And without them, I don’t think I can give definitive positions,” Hatch said. The Utah Republican did not say whether he thinks border adjustment could clear the Senate. But he said a handful of senators have “serious reservations” and noted that Republicans can ill afford to lose votes from their 52-seat Senate majority, even if they use a procedure known as reconciliation to avoid a Democratic filibuster. “A major concern on tax reform is producing a bill that can get through the Senate,” Hatch said. “We’ll basically need universal Republican support to pass anything through reconciliation. That’s difficult to accomplish under any circumstances, let alone on something as complicated as tax reform.” Billed as a way to boost U.S. manufacturing and pay for corporate tax cuts, border adjustment would essentially tax imports but not exports. It is expected to be part of House tax reform legislation that could emerge in March or April.     “I’m optimistic we can find a common path,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, Hatch’s congressional counterpart, said in a statement after the senator’s speech.  It is unclear whether the border adjustment proposal has President Donald Trump’s support. The president has called the proposal “too complicated,” but the White House says it is an option for paying for a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. Hatch said the Senate would not “simply take up and pass a House tax reform bill” but that his committee would produce its own proposal in the near future. ",1
5788,"Concerned about refugees, U.N. experts add to censure of Trump move","(Reuters) - U.N. human rights experts warned that asylum seekers could face torture if not given safe harbor and the Vatican called for  openness to other cultures on Wednesday, adding to a drumbeat of international criticism of U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel curbs. Trump’s executive order last Friday put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The move, which his administration says is aimed at protecting the United States from terrorist attacks, has been condemned by many countries and has sparked protests and court challenges in the United States. A panel of U.N. human rights experts urged the Trump administration on Wednesday to protect people fleeing war and persecution, and said the measure contravened international humanitarian and human rights laws. It “risks people being returned, without proper individual assessments and asylum procedures, to places in which they risk being subjected to torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment,” the experts said in a statement. The experts, including the U.N. special rapporteurs on migrants, racism, human rights and counter-terrorism, torture, and freedom of religion, also said the measure could lead to “increased stigmatization of Muslim communities.”     The Vatican, in its first comment on the order, said it was concerned. “Certainly there is worry because we are messengers of another culture, that of openness,” the Vatican’s deputy secretary of state, Archbishop Angelo Becciu, told an Italian Catholic television station. “Pope Francis, in fact, insists on the ability to integrate those who arrive in our societies and cultures,” he said, also commenting on Trump’s plan to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.  In Iran, President Hassan Rouhani stepped up his criticism of Trump’s immigration policies, including the travel ban, dismissing the U.S. businessman-turned-president as a political novice. Tehran has already vowed to respond with legal, political and reciprocal measures. “It will take him a long time and will cost the United States a lot, until he learns what is happening in the world,” Rouhani said in an address on state television.   Libya’s U.N.-backed government also criticized Trump’s ban on its nationals. The order has put in question participation of Libyans invited to a conference on Libya planned in Washington this month.  The measure was one of a flurry of executive orders signed by Trump, a Republican, since he took office on Jan. 20. “Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!” Trump said on Twitter early Wednesday. Reaction to the travel curbs from some Muslim majority countries not on the list of seven designated countries has been more muted.  The United Arab Emirates’ foreign minister, Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed, said on Wednesday the ban was an internal affair not directed at any faith, and noted that most Muslims and Muslim countries were not included. The UAE, a major oil exporter, is a close ally of the United States and a member of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamist militants in Syria.  In the United States, four U.S. states - Massachusetts, New York, Virginia and Washington - have sued to overturn the order on the grounds it flouts constitutional guarantees of religious freedom.  ",1
5789,U.N. chief says Trump travel ban 'not best way to protect U.S.',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel restrictions on people with passports from seven countries and a freeze on refugee resettlement was “not the best way to protect the U.S.” and should be lifted sooner than later.  Guterres’ comments were his first to directly address Trump’s signing of an executive order last Friday on immigration amid a drumbeat of criticism from around the world and protests. The order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from seven predominantly Muslim countries - Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The White House has described the order as necessary “to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States.” But Guterres told reporters on Wednesday that “this is not the way to best protect the U.S. or any other country in relation to the serious concerns that exist about possible terrorist infiltration. “I think that these measures should be removed sooner rather than later,” said Guterres, who has issued a series of comments since Friday about the importance of protecting refugees and the dangers of broad-based travel bans. Guterres said travel bans risked playing to the advantage of terrorist organizations seeking to recruit members.  “If a global terrorist organization will try to attack any country like the United States, they will probably not come with people with passports from those countries that are hot spots of conflict today,” he said.   He said such groups were likely to use people for attacks traveling on the passports of “developed and credible countries,” or who had been living in the United States or other countries for decades. A panel of U.N. human rights experts urged the Trump administration on Wednesday to protect people fleeing war and persecution, and said the executive order contravened international humanitarian and human rights laws. Critics of the order inside the United States have described it as unconstitutional and several states have sued to challenge the travel ban.  ",1
5790,Trump urges Republicans to force majority vote on Gorsuch if Democrats block,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he would urge fellow Republicans in the Senate to invoke a rule change to force a simple majority vote on his Supreme Court nominee if Democrats block his choice. With some Democrats questioning Trump’s choice of federal 	appeals court Judge Neil Gorsuch the day after the president announced him, Trump said he would not want congressional gridlock to interfere with Gorsuch. He spoke at a meeting with interest groups who will support his choice of Gorsuch, who, if confirmed, will restore a conservative majority on the Supreme Court. Trump was asked whether he would urge Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to use the so-called “nuclear option” to change the rules to make it easier to confirm him. “Yes, if we end up with the same gridlock we’ve had in Washington for longer than eight years; in all fairness to President (Barack) Obama, a lot longer than eight years,” Trump said. “If we end up with that gridlock, I would say, ‘If you can, Mitch, go nuclear,’” Trump said. He said it would be “an absolute shame if a man of this quality” was blocked by Democrats and to avoid that eventuality, “I would say it’s up to Mitch, but I would say, ‘Go for it.” ",1
5791,Senate Judiciary Democrat says panel should hold hearings for Gorsuch,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Chris Coons, a Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said on Wednesday the panel should hold hearings on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch but that Democrats would seek a 60-vote threshold for his confirmation in the full Senate. President Donald Trump announced his nomination of U.S. Appeals Court Judge Gorsuch on Tuesday night to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year. The seat has remained vacant for nearly a year because Republicans refused to consider former President Barack Obama’s nominee. ",1
5792,Democrat Gillibrand opposes Trump's Supreme Court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand said on Wednesday she opposed President Donald Trump’s nominee to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court and called for Judge Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to require a 60-vote threshold. Trump, a Republican, announced his nomination of U.S. Appeals Court Judge Gorsuch on Tuesday night to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year. “I plan to stand up for individuals over corporations and oppose his nomination, and I will insist that his nomination meet a traditional 60 vote threshold,” Gillibrand said in a statement. ",1
5793,Exclusive: A third of Americans think Trump's travel ban will make them safer," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Imposing a temporary travel ban on citizens from seven Muslim countries, President Donald Trump said the move would help protect the United States from terrorism. But less than one-third of Americans believe the move makes them “more safe,” according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Tuesday.  The Jan. 30-31 poll found roughly one in two Americans backed the ban, which also suspends admission of all refugees for 120 days, although there were sharp divisions along party lines.  Trump has pushed back against critics who say the travel ban targets Muslims. He says the “extreme vetting” is necessary to protect the country and its borders.  “This is not about religion,” Trump said in a statement after announcing the travel ban on Friday. “This is about terror and keeping our country safe.”  In the Reuters/Ipsos poll some 31 percent of people said the ban made them feel “more safe,” while 26 percent said it made them feel “less safe.” Another 33 percent said it would not make any difference and the rest said they don’t know.  Trump’s executive order blocked citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and placed an indefinite ban on Syrian refugees.  Some Republican lawmakers criticized Trump’s order and said it could backfire by giving terrorist organizations a new recruitment message.  “This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,” senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said in a joint statement.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll found that 49 percent of Americans agreed with the order and 41 percent disagreed. Some 53 percent of Democrats said they “strongly disagree” with Trump’s action while 51 percent of Republicans said they “strongly agree.”  Democrats were more than three times as likely as Republicans to say that the “U.S. should continue to take in immigrants and refugees,” and Republicans were more than three times as likely as Democrats to agree that “banning people from Muslim countries is necessary to prevent terrorism.”  Cheryl Hoffman, 46, of Sumerduck, Virginia said she was thrilled that Trump ordered the ban.  “I understand that the country was founded on immigrants,” said Hoffman, who participated in the poll. “Please, I get that. But I’m worried that refugees are coming in and being supported by my tax dollars.”  Another poll respondent, Veronica Buetel, 57, of Green, Ohio felt just the opposite: “Yes, we do live in scary times, but there are other, better ways to root out terrorism.”  Westy Egmont, director of the Immigrant Integration Lab at Boston College, said Americans have grown increasingly hostile toward refugees and immigrants as the influx has shifted from Eastern Europeans to people from countries like Iraq, Somalia and Afghanistan.  “The rise of those numbers, as relatively small as they are, have gathered just enough attention to set off a small reaction from people who are genuinely uncomfortable with the diversity around them,” Egmont said.  Most Americans, however, don’t think the country should show a preference for Christian refugees, as Trump has suggested. Some 56 percent, including 72 percent of Democrats and 45 percent of Republicans, disagreed that the country should “welcome Christian refugees, but not Muslim ones.”  On Tuesday, the Trump administration sought to clarify that citizens of U.S. ally Israel who were born in Arab countries would be allowed into the United States.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. It gathered poll responses from 1,201 people including 453 Democrats and 478 Republicans. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire sample and 5 percentage points for the Democrats and the Republicans.  ",1
5794,Challenges to Trump's immigration orders spread to more U.S. states," (In this Jan. 31 story, in 11th paragraph corrects to show two Iranian plaintiffs are a man and a woman, not two men) By Scott Malone and Dan Levine BOSTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Legal challenges to President Donald Trump’s first moves on immigration spread on Tuesday, with three states suing over his executive order banning travel into the United States by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. Massachusetts, New York, Virginia and Washington state joined the legal battle against the travel ban, which the White House deems necessary to improve national security. The challenges contend the order violated the U.S. Constitution’s guarantees of religious freedom. San Francisco became the first U.S. city to sue to challenge a Trump directive to withhold federal money from U.S. cities that have adopted sanctuary policies toward undocumented immigrants, which local officials argue help local police by making those immigrants more willing to report crimes. The legal maneuvers were the latest acts of defiance against executive orders signed by Trump last week that sparked a wave of protests in major U.S. cities, where thousands of people decried the new president’s actions as discriminatory. Both policies are in line with campaign promises by Republican businessman-turned-politician Trump, who vowed to build a wall on the Mexican border to stop illegal immigration and to take hard-line steps to prevent terrorist attacks in the United States. The restrictions on the seven Muslim-majority countries and new limits on refugees have won the support of many Americans, with 49 percent of respondents to a Reuters poll conducted Monday and Tuesday saying they agreed with the order, while 41 percent disagreed. Massachusetts contended the restrictions run afoul of the establishment clause of the 1st Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which prohibits religious preference. “At bottom, what this is about is a violation of the Constitution,” Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said of the order halting travel by people with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days. The order also barred resettlement of refugees for 120 days and indefinitely banned Syrian refugees. “It discriminates against people because of their religion, it discriminates against people because of their country of origin,” Healey said at a Boston press conference, flanked by leaders from the tech, healthcare and education sectors who said that the order could limit their ability to attract and retain highly educated workers. Massachusetts will be backing a lawsuit filed over the weekend in Boston federal court by two Iranian men who teach at the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth. A federal judge blocked the government from expelling those men from the country and halted enforcement of the order for seven days, following similar but more limited moves in four other states. The attorneys general of New York and Virginia also said their states were joining similar lawsuits filed in their respective federal courts challenging the ban. “As we speak, there are students at our colleges and universities who are unable to return to Virginia,” Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring told reporters. “This is not an action I take lightly, but it is one I take with confidence in our legal analysis.” On Monday, liberal-leaning Washington state became the first U.S. state to have its attorney general initiate a lawsuit against Trump to challenge the travel ban. Multiple foreign nationals have also filed lawsuits challenging the ban. They included one filed in Colorado on Tuesday by a Libyan college student and two filed in Chicago,  including one on behalf of an Iranian father of three children all living in Illinois. Protests against Trump’s executive action continued on Tuesday in several cities.   A crowd of several thousand demonstrators gathered at the federal courthouse in Minneapolis, chanting “Hey, hey, ho, ho Muslim ban has got to go!” Dozens of protesters chanted the same slogan at Los Angeles International Airport, and more than 400 demonstrators gathered in downtown Miami to protest both the travel ban and Trump’s crackdown on sanctuary cities. San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera filed suit over Trump’s order threatening to cut funds to cities with sanctuary policies, a move that could stop the flow of billions of dollars to major U.S. population centers including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago. “If allowed to be implemented, this executive order would make our communities less safe. It would make our residents less prosperous, and it would split families apart,” Herrera said. Sanctuary cities adopt policies that limit cooperation, such as refusing to comply with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detainer requests. Advocates of the policies say that, beyond helping police with crime reporting, they make undocumented immigrants more willing to serve as witnesses if they do not fear that contact with law enforcement will lead to their deportation. Both the San Francisco and Massachusetts actions contend that Trump’s orders in question violate the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which states that powers not granted to the federal government should fall to the states. Michael Hethmon, senior counsel with the conservative Immigration Reform Law Institute in Washington, called the San Francisco lawsuit a “silly political gesture,” noting that prior federal court decisions make clear that the U.S. government “can prohibit a policy that essentially impedes legitimate federal programs.” ",1
5795,Trump picks conservative judge Gorsuch for Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday nominated Neil Gorsuch for a lifetime job on the U.S. Supreme Court, picking the 49-year-old federal appeals court judge to restore the court’s conservative majority and help shape rulings on divisive issues such as abortion, gun control, the death penalty and religious rights. The Colorado native faces a potentially contentious confirmation battle in the U.S. Senate after Republicans last year refused to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nominee to fill the vacancy caused by the February 2016 death of conservative justice Antonin Scalia. The Senate’s top Democrat, Chuck Schumer, indicated his party would mount a procedural hurdle requiring 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate rather than a simple majority to approve Gorsuch, and expressed “very serious doubts” about the nominee. Liberal groups called for an all-out fight to reject Gorsuch while conservative groups and Republican senators heaped praise on him like “outstanding,” “impressive” and a “home run.” Gorsuch, the son of a former Reagan administration official, is the youngest nominee to the nation’s highest court in more than a quarter century, and he could influence the direction of the court for decades. He is a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and was appointed to that post by Republican President George W. Bush in 2006. Announcing the selection to a nighttime crowd in the White House East Room flanked by the judge and his wife, Trump said Gorsuch’s resume is “as good as it gets.” Trump, who took office on Jan. 20 and has sparked numerous controversies, said he hopes Republicans and Democrats can come together on this nomination for the good of the country. “Judge Gorsuch has outstanding legal skills, a brilliant mind, tremendous discipline, and has earned bipartisan support,” Trump told an audience that included Scalia’s widow. “Depending on their age, a justice can be active for 50 years. And his or her decisions can last a century or more, and can often be permanent,” Trump added. Gorsuch is considered a conservative intellectual, known for backing religious rights and writing against euthanasia and assisted suicide, and is seen as very much in the mold of Scalia, a leading conservative voice on the court for decades. “I respect ... the fact that in our legal order it is for Congress and not the courts to write new laws,” Gorsuch said, as Trump looked on. “It is the role of judges to apply, not alter, the work of the people’s representatives. A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge, stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands.” A senior administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the choice of Gorsuch was seen by the White House as a significant departure from Supreme Court nominations from the recent past, given that many justices have come from the eastern United States. Gorsuch lives in Boulder, Colorado, where he raises horses and is a life-long outdoorsman. The official said a screening committee helped in the selection process that included Vice President Mike Pence, White House counsel Don McGahn, chief of staff Reince Priebus and top strategist Steve Bannon. Gorsuch became the youngest U.S. Supreme Court nominee since Republican President George H.W. Bush in 1991 selected conservative Clarence Thomas, who was 43 at the time. Gorsuch was in the same 1991 graduating class from Harvard Law School as Obama. The selection of Gorsuch, who was on a list of about 20 judges suggested by conservative legal activists, unified Republicans in a way not seen since Trump’s Nov. 8 election victory, with even critics within the party such as South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham singing the nominee’s praises. Trump made his choice between two U.S. appeals court judges, Gorsuch and Thomas Hardiman of the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, according to a source involved in the selection process. The Senate confirmed Gorsuch for his current judgeship in 2006 by voice vote with no one voting against him. Democrats signaled it may not be easy this time. “Judge Gorsuch has repeatedly sided with corporations over working people, demonstrated a hostility toward women’s rights, and most troubling, hewed to an ideological approach to jurisprudence that makes me skeptical that he can be a strong, independent justice on the court,” Schumer said. Trump got the opportunity to name Scalia’s replacement only because the Republican-led Senate, in an action with little precedent in U.S. history, refused to consider Obama’s nominee for the post, appeals court judge Merrick Garland. Obama nominated Garland on March 16 but Republican senators led by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell denied Garland the customary confirmation hearings and vote. “This is the first time in American history that one party has blockaded a nominee for almost a year in order to deliver a seat to a president of their own party. If this tactic is rewarded rather than resisted, it will set a dangerous new precedent in American governance,” Oregon Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley said. McConnell said on Tuesday he hoped the Senate would show Gorsuch “fair consideration and respect the result of the recent election with an up-or-down vote on his nomination, just like the Senate treated the four first-term nominees of (Democratic) Presidents (Bill) Clinton and Obama.” A rally outside the Supreme Court building staged by liberal groups drew hundreds of demonstrators against Gorsuch.  Michael Keegan, president of the liberal advocacy group People for the American Way, described Gorsuch as an “ideological warrior who puts his own right-wing politics above the Constitution.” Gorsuch is the son of Anne Burford, the first woman to head the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. She served in Republican President Ronald Reagan’s administration but resigned in 1983 amid a fight with Congress over documents on the EPA’s use of a fund created to clean up toxic waste dumps nationwide. Trump’s selection was one of the most consequential appointments of his young presidency as he moved to restore a conservative majority on the Supreme Court that had been in place for decades until Scalia died at age 79 on Feb. 13, 2016. Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a 52-48 Senate majority, meaning some Democratic votes would be needed to confirm his pick under current rules. Trump said last week he would favor Senate Republicans eliminating the procedural move that Democrats have promised, called a filibuster, for Supreme Court nominees if Democrats block his pick. Such a change has been dubbed the “nuclear option.”  Trump has said his promise to appoint a conservative justice was one of the reasons he won the Nov. 8 presidential election, with Christian conservatives and others emphasizing the importance of the pick during the campaign. If confirmed, Gorsuch would expand the court’s conservative wing, made up of John Roberts, Anthony Kennedy Samuel Alito and Thomas. Kennedy long has been considered the court’s pivotal vote, sometimes siding with the liberals in key cases such as the June 2016 ruling striking down abortion restrictions in Texas. The court’s restored conservative majority likely would be supportive toward the death penalty and gun rights and hostile toward campaign finance limits. Scalia’s replacement also could be pivotal in cases involving abortion, religious rights, presidential powers, transgender rights, voting rights, federal regulations others. Gorsuch boasts Ivy League credentials: attending Columbia University and, like several of the other justices on the court, Harvard Law School. He also completed a doctorate in legal philosophy at Oxford University, spent several years in private practice and worked in George W. Bush’s Justice Department. Gorsuch joined an opinion in 2013 saying that owners of private companies could object on religious grounds to a provision of the Obamacare health insurance law requiring employers to provide coverage for birth control for women. As long as Kennedy and four liberals remain on the bench, the court is not expected to pare back abortion rights as many U.S. conservatives fervently hope. The Supreme Court legalized abortion in the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling. In June, the justices ruled 5-3 to strike down a Texas law that restricted abortion access, with Kennedy and the liberals in the majority. The current vacancy is the court’s longest since a 391-day void from 1969 to 1970 during Republican Richard Nixon’s presidency. After Abe Fortas resigned from the court in May 1969, the Senate voted down two nominees put forward by Nixon before confirming Harry Blackmun, who became a justice in June 1970. Aside from that one, no other Supreme Court vacancy since the U.S. Civil War years of the 1860s has been as long as the current one. Trump may get to make additional appointments. Liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who Trump called upon to resign last July after she called him “a faker,” is 83 while Kennedy is 80. Stephen Breyer, another liberal, is 78. (Corrects disciple to discipline in paragraph 6) ",1
5796,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Jan 31) - Pelosi, Democrats, Gorsuch","The following bullet points are from the U.S. President Donald Trump’s Twitter accounts (@realDonaldTrump and @POTUS). Reuters has not edited the tweets. @realDonaldTrump : - Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party! [621 EST] - When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn’t work! [627 EST] - Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M. [1931 EST] - Join me live from the @WhiteHouse. here … [2001 EST] - Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all. [2245 EST] - Today I met with pharmaceutical executives at the @WhiteHouse...here:0 … [1359 EST] - Highlights From The President's Listening Session With Pharmaceutical Industry Leaders at the @WhiteHouse today: here … [1621 EST]  - Join me live from the @WhiteHouse at 8:00pm tonight. #SCOTUS  m.facebook.com/POTUS/ [1653 EST] - Join me live from the @WhiteHouse as I announce my nomination for United States Supreme Court Justice. here … [1949 EST] - #JusticeGorsuch #SCOTUS [2011 EST] - President Trump's Nominee for the Supreme Court Neil M. Gorsuch. #SCOTUS #JusticeGorsuch here#page … [2016 EST] - President Donald J. Trump Nominates Judge Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court #JusticeGorsuch #SCOTUS www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump posts/10158580999910725:0 … [2308 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
5797,The Art of the Deal: Why Putin needs one more than Trump," MOSCOW (Reuters) - In his book, ‘Art of the Deal,’ Donald Trump said the best deals were ones where both sides got something they wanted. His credo, applied to a potential U.S.-Russia deal, flags an awkward truth for Vladimir Putin: He wants more from Trump than vice versa.  As aides try to set up a first meeting between the two presidents, the mismatched nature of their respective wish lists gives Trump the edge, and means that a deal, if one is done, may be more limited and longer in the making than the Kremlin hopes.  “What the two countries can offer each another is strikingly different,” said Konstantin von Eggert, a commentator for TV Rain, a Moscow TV station sometimes critical of the Kremlin.  “The U.S. has a stronger hand. In biblical terms, the U.S. is the three kings bearing gold, while Russia is the shepherds with little apart from their good faith.”  Appetite for a deal in Moscow, where parliament applauded Trump’s election win, is palpable. The Kremlin blames Barack Obama for wrecking U.S.-Russia ties, which slid to a post-Cold War low on his watch, and with the economy struggling to emerge from two years of recession, craves a new start.  Trump's early moves spark alarm, resistance within the governmentCOMMENTARY: War College: Russia's hybrid war against the WestIran confirms new missile test, says it does not violate nuclear deal Trump’s intentions toward Moscow are harder to discern, but seem to be more about what he does not want — having Russia as a time-consuming geopolitical foe — than his so far vague desire to team up with the Kremlin to fight Islamic State.  Trump has hinted he may also push for a nuclear arms deal.  Putin’s wish list, by contrast, is detailed, long and the items on it, such as getting U.S. sanctions imposed over Moscow’s actions in Ukraine eased, are potentially significant for his own political future.  He is looking to be given a free hand in the post-Soviet space, which he regards as Russia’s back yard.  Specifically, he would like Trump to formally or tacitly recognize Crimea, annexed from Ukraine in 2014, as Russian territory, and pressure Kiev into implementing a deal over eastern Ukraine which many Ukrainians view as unpalatable.  The icing on the cake for him would be for Trump to back a Moscow-brokered Syrian peace deal allowing President Bashar al-Assad, a staunch Moscow ally, to stay in power for now, while crushing Islamic State and delivering regional autonomy.  For Putin, described in leaked U.S. diplomatic cables as an “alpha-dog,” the wider prize would be respect. In his eyes, a deal would confer legitimacy and show Russia was a great power.  But, like a couple where one side is more interested than the other, the expectational imbalance is starting to show.  Trump spoke by phone to five world leaders before talking to Putin on Jan. 28 as part of a bundle of calls. The White House readout of the Putin call was vague and four sentences long; the Kremlin’s was effusive and fifteen sentences long.  Nor does Trump seem to be in a rush to meet. Dmitry Peskov, Putin’s spokesman, said the two might only meet before a G20 summit due to take place in July.  Trump has good reason not to rush.  With U.S. intelligence agencies accusing Moscow of having sponsored computer hacking to help Trump win office, a deal would hand fresh political ammunition to Trump’s opponents, who say he has long been too complimentary to the Russian leader.  A delay would have the added advantage of postponing a chorus of disapproval from foreign allies and Congress, where there is bipartisan determination to block sanctions relief.  For Putin though, in his 17th year of dominating the Russian political landscape, a deal, or even an early symbolic concession such as easing minor sanctions, matters.  Expected to contest a presidential election next year that could extend his time in the Kremlin to 2024, he needs sanctions relief to help lift the economy out of recession.  U.S. and EU financial sector sanctions have cut Russia’s access to Western capital markets and know-how, scared off foreign investors, and — coupled with low global oil prices — have exacerbated an economic crisis that has cut real incomes and fueled inflation, making life harder for millions.  Since Putin’s 2012 election, consumer prices have risen by 50 percent, while a fall in the value of the rouble against the dollar after the annexation of Crimea means average salaries fell by 36 percent from 2012-2016 in dollar terms.  Official data puts inflation at 5.4 percent, but consumers say the real figure is much higher, and fear of inflation regularly ranks among Russians’ greatest worries in surveys.  An easing of U.S. sanctions could spur more foreign investment, helping create a feel-good factor.  “It would be a huge bonus if it happened,” said Chris Weafer, senior partner at economic and political consultancy Macro-Advisory Ltd, who said he thought Putin wanted to put rebuilding the economy at the heart of his next term.  The economy matters to Putin because, in the absence of any more land grabs like Crimea, greater prosperity is one of the few levers he has to get voters to come out and support him.  With state TV affording him blanket and favorable coverage and with the liberal opposition still weak, few doubt Putin would genuinely win another presidential term if, as expected, he decided to run.  But for the win to be politically durable and for Putin to be able to confidently contemplate serving out another full six-year term, he would need to win big on a respectable turnout.  That, an election showed last year, is not a given.  Around 4 million fewer Russians voted for the pro-Putin United Russia party in a September parliamentary vote compared to 2011, the last time a similar election was held.  Although the economic benefits of a Trump deal might take a while to trickle down to voters, its symbolism could boost turnout, helping Putin prolong a system based on himself.  “It would be presented to the Russian people as a huge victory by Putin,” said von Eggert. “It would be described as a validation of his strategy to go to war in Ukraine regardless of the consequences and to turn the country into Fortress Russia.”  ",1
5798,"Trump's defense chief heads to Asia, eying China, North Korea threat","WASHINGTON/TOKYO (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s defense secretary is expected to underscore U.S. security commitments to key allies South Korea and Japan on his debut trip to Asia this week as concerns mount over North Korea’s missile program and tensions with China. The trip is the first for retired Marine General James Mattis since becoming Trump’s Pentagon chief and is also the first foreign trip by any of Trump’s cabinet secretaries.  Officials say the fact that Mattis is first heading to Asia - as opposed to perhaps visiting troops in Iraq or Afghanistan - is meant to reaffirm ties with two Asian allies hosting nearly 80,000 American troops and the importance of the region overall. That U.S. reaffirmation could be critical after Trump appeared to question the cost of such U.S. alliances during the election campaign. He also jolted the region by pulling Washington out of an Asia-Pacific trade deal that Japan had championed. “It’s a reassurance message,” said one Trump administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity. “This is for all of the people who were concerned during the campaign that then-candidate, now-president, Trump was skeptical of our alliances and was somehow going to retreat from our traditional leadership role in the region.”  Trump himself has spoken with the leaders of both Japan and South Korea in recent days and will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Washington on Feb. 10. Mattis leaves the United States on Feb. 1, heading first to Seoul before continuing to Tokyo on Feb. 3.  Trump singled out both South Korea and Japan on the campaign trail, suggesting they were benefiting from the U.S. security umbrella without sharing enough of the costs. In one 2016 television interview, Trump said of the 28,500 U.S. troops deployed to South Korea: “We get practically nothing compared to the cost of this. Why are we doing this?” Mattis, in his confirmation hearing, appeared to play down those remarks, noting that there was a long history of U.S. presidents and even defense secretaries calling on allies to pay their fair share of defense costs. But his visit to the region comes amid concerns North Korea may be readying to test a new ballistic missile, in what could be an early challenge for Trump’s administration. Speaking with South Korean Defense Minister Han Min-koo ahead of his trip, Mattis reaffirmed a U.S. commitment to defend the country and “provide extended deterrence using the full range of U.S. capabilities.” Analysts expect Mattis to seek an update on South Korea’s early moves to host a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, which, once in place sometime in 2017, would defend against North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic capabilities. Still, a South Korean military official played down expectations of any big announcements during the trip, saying Mattis’ first visit would likely be “an ice-breaking session” for both countries. In Tokyo, Mattis is to meet Defense Minister Tomomi Inada, who has repeatedly said Japan is bearing its fair share of the costs for U.S. troops stationed there and has stressed that the alliance is good for both nations.   Japan’s defense spending remains around 1 percent of GDP, far behind China, which is locked in a dispute with Japan over a group of East China Sea islets 220 km (140 miles) northeast of Taiwan known as the Senkakus in Tokyo and the Diaoyus in Beijing. The trip also comes amid growing concern about China’s military moves in the South China Sea. Tension with Beijing escalated last week when Trump’s White House vowed to defend “international territories” there.  China responded by saying it had “irrefutable” sovereignty over disputed islands in the strategic waterway. “What U.S. military people say is that considering the pace of China’s military build-up such as anti-ship missiles and fighters, there are worries about Japan’s capabilities,” said a senior Japanese defense ministry official, speaking on condition of anonymity. ",1
5799,Pentagon to seek budget change to boost Islamic State fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis has directed the Pentagon to seek an increase in overall spending to address shortfalls and “new requirements” needed to accelerate the campaign against Islamic State, according to a memo released on Wednesday. In addition to the proposed 2017 fiscal year budget amendment request, Mattis also asked for a broader budget and strategy review looking ahead to future years but did not offer estimates in his guidance to the Department of Defense, the Pentagon memo said. ",1
5800,"Trump's early moves spark alarm, resistance within the government","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - At the U.S. State Department, the dissent began building soon after President Donald Trump signed an executive order late on Friday to limit immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. Opposition mounted through the weekend as a draft memo criticizing Trump’s policy was written up in Washington and circulated by email to U.S. diplomatic posts around the world, according to multiple officials involved in the effort. By Monday, two of the officials said they considered withdrawing their names from the document, fearing a backlash. On Tuesday, just 12 days into Trump’s presidency, the memo with some 900 signatures was delivered to the State Department policy planning office and from there to other top officials, said one source familiar with the document.  Sources said this was an unprecedented number of names on a memo sent through the department’s formal “dissent channel.” The memo is just one example of the alarm and, in some cases, resistance spreading within the federal bureaucracy as Trump’s administration makes sharp policy turns while ignoring some of the agencies charged with implementation, according to interviews with more than 20 current and former U.S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity and in some cases asked that their departments not be identified. Still fearful of recriminations, one official said some diplomats discussed whether they could qualify for professional liability insurance, which would cover legal costs in the case of disciplinary action, through the American Foreign Service Association union. The White House did not respond to an email requesting comment.  Earlier, when the existence of the memo surfaced, White House spokesman Sean Spicer warned that anyone at the State Department who questioned Trump’s immigration policies “should either get with the program, or they can go.” Elsewhere in the federal bureaucracy, officials have hastily saved scientific research and public information on climate change and other issues, fearing the new administration would strip it from their websites.  Officials have also set up alternative Twitter accounts to criticize the administration. Reuters could not verify the owners of the roughly 50 “rogue” accounts.  Other officials have begun debating whether to quit.Most of those whom Reuters interviewed said that, while the administration’s policies concerned them, they are more worried that Trump might try to ignore legal and legislative restraints on presidential power. Trump upset many by signing his controversial executive order on immigration without consulting key agencies and members of Congress. “When they try to ram through things that have foreign policy and national security implications, it demands consultation,” said a career official who worked in a part of the government charged with implementing the immigration order. “But there was no meaningful consultation, despite what they said.” A career civil servant at the Federal Communications Commission said he was considering quitting, citing a fear widespread at the agency “of being cut out of the decision-making processes.” Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a Republican like Trump, said he learned about the immigration order only after the president had signed it. Corker said he talked with White House representatives on Sunday and believed they had gotten the message on the need for inter-agency coordination.  “I would find it hard to believe that they on Tuesday don’t understand that what they did on Friday could have been done in a much better way,” he said.  Most new presidents, particularly Republicans, who favor limited government, have tussles with the federal bureaucracy. President Ronald Reagan fired 11,000 air traffic controllers, all federal employees, in 1981, early in his tenure, after they ignored his order to return to work. But Philip Wallach, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank, said Trump’s apparent hostility to those who must implement his policies was in a different league.  “There certainly is something about Trump’s chip-on-the-shoulder attitude that makes it seem like he’s itching for a potential long-term fight with the bureaucracy, rather than something he works to develop a smooth relationship with,” he said.  To succeed with his economic reform agenda, Trump will need federal agencies, Wallach said. “That’s going to require a lot of affirmative government work, not just smashing things up.” Several government managers said they have advised their employees not to react so early in Trump’s presidency. “Some of the things Trump is doing are foolish and make no sense from a management perspective,” said a career State Department official who supervises scores of civil servants. “But I’ve told my folks to be professional and stay calm – don’t panic,” the official said. “What else can I tell them? Someone needs to be an adult. Otherwise, we’d have chaos.”  In a farewell speech to about 100 State Department officials on Tuesday, Thomas Countryman, the acting undersecretary of state for arms control and international security, called on colleagues to stay despite their concerns. “We still have a duty - you have a duty - to stay and give your best professional guidance, with loyalty, to the new administration,” he said. “Because a foreign policy without professionals is - by definition - an amateur foreign policy. You will help to frame and make the choices.”     ",1
5801,Nearly half of Britons back Trump state visit: YouGov poll,"LONDON (Reuters) - Around half of Britons believe U.S. President Donald Trump’s planned UK state visit should go ahead, even though a similar number would not like to see his controversial migrant ban implemented in Britain, according to a poll on Wednesday. Trump’s executive order to temporarily ban refugees entering the United States and limit migration from seven Muslim-majority  countries has drawn widespread protest in Britain, and nearly 1.8 million people have signed a petition to stop his state visit, planned for later this year. But the YouGov poll found 49 percent of Britons believe the state visit should go ahead and that only 36 percent want it to be canceled. A state visit would involve lavish displays of royal pageantry and a banquet hosted by Queen Elizabeth. The invitation was conveyed by Prime Minister Theresa May when she visited Washington last week, just hours before the travel ban was introduced. Britons would not like to see a similar migrant ban introduced in the UK, however, with 32 percent saying they would feel “appalled” by such a move and 17 percent “disappointed”. Only 15 percent were “delighted” by the prospect of similar immigration restrictions in Britain, while 13 percent said they would be “pleased”. The petition to stop the visit will be debated in the British parliament on Feb. 20, although such debates are usually symbolic. May has stood by the decision to invite Trump. The poll was conducted between Jan. 30-31. In all, 1,705 people were asked their views on the state visit and 6,926 were asked about any immigration ban in Britain. ",1
5802,Bridgewater's Dalio says Trump's populist policies could hurt world economy,"(Reuters) - Ray Dalio, founder of the world’s largest hedge fund Bridgewater Associates LP, said he is increasingly concerned about the Trump administration’s “populist” policies that could hurt the world economy. The detrimental effects of these policies could be more powerful than the beneficial effects of Trump’s pro-business policies, Dalio and co-Chief Investment Officer Bob Prince said on Tuesday. “We are now in a period of time when how this balance tilts will be more important to the economy, markets, and our well-beings than normally dominant drivers such as central bank policies,” Dalio and Prince said in a note. “While there is a lot of potential to improve fiscal policies and make beneficial structural reforms, there is also a significant risk that his populist policies could hurt the world economy (and worse).” In November, Dalio said Trump’s policies would have a “broadly positive” effect on the U.S. economy and that bond prices likely made a “30-year top.” Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries. Bridgewater oversees about $150 billion in client assets. ",1
5803,Trump's embattled education department pick may face Senate fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaire philanthropist Betsy DeVos, already known as one of the most controversial nominees for education secretary in U.S. history, now risks a rare congressional rejection. The deeply divided U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on Tuesday agreed to send her nomination to the full chamber for a vote, the final step in the confirmation process.  But the committee’s executive session showed DeVos faces choppy waters ahead for a post for which there is typically little congressional debate or public attention. The chairman, Republican Lamar Alexander, acted as tie-breaker after all 11 Republicans voted for Republican President Donald Trump’s pick and all 11 Democrats voted against. Two Republicans - Maine’s Susan Collins and Alaska’s Lisa Murkowski - expressed grave misgivings about the charter school advocate’s limited experience with public schools. They said they voted yes only so the entire Senate can debate whether DeVos is the right fit. Murkowski said she may not support DeVos in the Senate vote. Democrats said the nomination was rushed, with DeVos providing answers they described as vague and noncommittal to hundreds of written questions only 24 hours before the vote.  After many of Trump’s nominees sailed through their confirmations in recent weeks, the names currently before the Senate were meeting resistance. The Senate’s 48 Democrats only need to pull three Republicans to their side to reject DeVos’ nomination. Just nine nominees have ever been turned down by the Senate. Public opposition to DeVos is unusually fierce, said Mary Kusler, lobbyist for the National Education Association, a large union that said constituents sent 1 million emails and placed 40,000 calls to senators decrying the nomination.  It was the biggest public outcry over an education secretary that Kusler has seen in her career of more than 20 years, she added. NEA and the American Federation of Teachers, another major union, say they will keep up their anti-DeVos fight during the Senate vote and expect voters will also maintain pressure. Public opinion of DeVos wobbled after her Jan. 17 hearing, where she suggested allowing guns at rural schools to fend off bear attacks.  At two rallies on Tuesday in Chicago, several hundred protesters gathered to demonstrate against DeVos’ nomination.   “I have one child in school, and my son will be (in school) in a little over a year,” said Chicago resident Mara Tierney, who attended a rally with her 3-year-old boy. “I want to do what I can to ensure DeVos is not confirmed.” Old-guard Republicans like former first lady Barbara Bush defended DeVos as a lifelong champion of low-income children, literacy and giving parents more choice in education. Democrats, meanwhile, blasted the nominee for supporting privatization in ways they said hurt poor students, not understanding basic education laws and issues, and courting potential conflicts of interest through her investments. ",1
5804,U.S. to apply 'extreme vetting' in refugee swap deal with Australia,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The United States will apply ‘extreme vetting’ to up to 1,250 asylum seekers it has agreed to resettle as part of a deal with Australia, a spokesman for President Trump said in the United States on Tuesday. Washington agreed on a deal late last year to resettle asylum seekers, mainly from Afghanistan, Iran and Iraq, held in Australia’s processing centers on remote Pacific islands in Papua New Guinea and Nauru. Under the deal, Australia would in return resettle refugees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. Providing details of the plan for the first time, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the deal covered many of the refugees held in the two offshore processing centers, although they must satisfy recently tightened immigration policies. “The deal specifically deals with 1,250 people that are mostly in Papua New Guinea being held,” Spicer told reporters in Washington. “Part of the deal is that they have to be vetted in the same manner that we’re doing now. There will be extreme vetting applied to all of them,” he said. Trump’s executive order last week suspended the U.S. refugee program and restricted entry to the United States from majority-Muslim countries Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, casting doubt over the deal with Australia. Despite the restrictions, Trump assured Australia on Sunday the United States would honor its agreement to resettle the asylum seekers. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull dismissed speculation in domestic media that Trump had not yet committed fully to the deal. “The Trump administration has committed to progress with the arrangements to honor the deal,” Turnbull told reporters in Canberra on Wednesday. “That was the assurance the president gave me when we spoke on the weekend,” he said.     Australia’s hardline immigration policy is a contentious issue that has drawn international condemnation from the United Nations and other rights groups, but which remains popular at home and has bipartisan political support. Some 1,161 men, women and children remain in indefinite detention in Manus Island and Nauru as of Nov. 30, the most recent data from Australia’s Department of Immigration shows. Another 1,000 or so people are in detention in Australia, some of them asylum seekers transported from Manus Island and Nauru for medical treatment. It was not clear how many of these would be eligible under the deal with the United States. U.S. Department of Homeland Security officials have begun assessing the asylum seekers, although there is no timeline for resettlement. ",1
5805,"Back road drive, secret flight brought Trump's court pick to Washington","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A secret meeting at a neighbor’s house, a drive through a back country road, and a clandestine flight on a military jet marked Judge Neil Gorsuch’s journey to the White House this week after U.S. President Donald Trump chose him as his Supreme Court nominee. Trump, who took office on January 20, called Gorsuch on Monday to inform him that he had prevailed among a handful of finalists to succeed deceased Justice Antonin Scalia on the high court. That decision set off a rapid and secretive process to get Gorsuch to Washington without alerting journalists and other Supreme Court watchers of the president’s selection. After Trump called the Colorado-based judge, a team from the White House counsel’s office flew to Denver and then drove to Boulder, roughly 45 minutes away, to meet with Gorsuch and his family. They met at a neighbor’s house to avoid detection.  Then the White House staff spirited him though a “back farm road” to a waiting military plane to transport him to Washington, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Tuesday night in the White House East Room. Gorsuch stayed at a friend’s residence before being brought to the White House for the Tuesday evening announcement. The secrecy continued up until the last minute. When Trump, a former reality television star, entered the East Room, he came alone, addressing the cameras and the waiting crowd, which included Scalia’s widow, at a podium before calling on Gorsuch and his wife to come in. Trump’s decision came after he narrowed a list of 21 candidates down to six, including Thomas Hardiman, William Pryor, Amul Thapar, Diane Sykes, and Don Willett. Then President-elect Trump interviewed Gorsuch, Hardiman and Pryor on Jan. 14 in his New York residence. He also interviewed Thapar. “He finalized the decision recently,” after considering all 21 candidates “very deeply,” said Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser and counselor to the president. White House counsel Don McGahn informed Hardiman, Pryor and Thapar that they had not been chosen, Spicer said.  The White House was determined to keep the president’s Supreme Court selection a secret and make the announcement of his choice a success after the botched rollout of his refugee executive order contributed to confusion and worldwide criticism last weekend. The strategy to get Gorsuch confirmed will kick off right away, Spicer said, with former Senator Kelly Ayotte serving as the “sherpa” to help steer the nominee through the Senate confirmation process. ",1
5806,Trump's Supreme Court nominee questions power of administrative agencies,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch is known for questioning how far courts should go in deferring to federal agencies on interpreting the law, a view that could be important for U.S. companies and, perhaps, for President Donald Trump. Nominated by Trump on Tuesday to fill a vacancy on the nation’s highest court, the 49-year-old Gorsuch is widely viewed as a sharp-eyed jurist and a crisp writer who has the potential to be a persuasive voice on the court. In a recent case, Gorsuch took a dim view of a landmark 1984 high court ruling, Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council. Widely cited, the ruling directed judges nationwide to defer to agencies’ interpretation of laws that may be ambiguous. It is known as “Chevron deference.”  Last August, in a case over immigration rules, Gorsuch called the doctrine the “elephant in the room” that concentrates federal power “in a way that seems more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution.” Showing his willingness to tackle the issue head on, he added, “Maybe the time has come to face the behemoth.” If Gorsuch can persuade other Supreme Court justices to question Chevron deference, companies arguing before the high court against federal regulations might have a better chance on issues ranging from the environment to immigration. At the same time, broader skepticism of deference to agencies could have long-term consequences for Trump. The new president is moving swiftly to reshape the federal bureaucracy, appointing agency heads who could upend the legacy of President Barack Obama on emissions, health care and internet policy. The court’s views on agencies’ agendas will be critical. “The idea that President Trump of all people would be the one to choose a justice who might push the court to reduce the executive power is pretty ironic,” said John Nagle, a professor at the University of Notre Dame Law School. If the Supreme Court were to overturn or limit the Chevron precedent, lower courts could become more active in deciding the ultimate meaning of a statute, making it less likely that an agency’s view would stand, Nagle said.  “It could make it more difficult for the Trump administration to defend some of its regulatory actions in federal court,” said Case Western Reserve University School of Law professor Jonathan Adler.  Republicans in Congress, particularly when Obama was in office, frequently complained about Chevron deference. They have even debated legislation that would override it. The House of Representatives passed such a bill on Jan. 11, although it is unlikely to win approval in the Senate. Gorsuch is not the first judge to take aim at the issue. In 2015, the Supreme Court ruled against the Environmental Protection Agency over its regulations for limiting pollution from mercury and other toxic materials. At that time, conservative Justice Clarence Thomas wrote a separate opinion saying the government’s position “raises serious questions about the constitutionality of our broader practice of deferring to agency interpretations of federal statutes.” While Thomas has argued the doctrine threatens the Constitutionally-mandated separation of the different branches of government, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy have said it may threaten individual liberties, said Andrew Grossman, a conservative lawyer who has represented companies challenging government regulations. “Gorsuch may be the one to bring the court together on fundamental questions of administrative power that have sparked so much controversy and divisiveness in recent years,” Grossman said. Some court-watchers say that in practice the justices are inclined to support executive actions that are in keeping with their own views. But an analysis of their votes carried out by Jack Beermann, a professor at Boston University School of Law, showed that such an outcome is not uniform. ",1
5807,Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 31 at 8:11 P.M. EST/0111 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Tuesday: Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for a lifetime job on the U.S. Supreme Court, picking the 49-year-old federal appeals court judge to restore the court’s conservative majority and help shape rulings on divisive issues such as abortion, gun control, the death penalty and religious rights.  Nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries temporarily blocked from entering the United States by Trump’s executive order may be blocked indefinitely, and others might be added to the list, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly says.  The United States will apply “extreme vetting” to up to 1,250 asylum seekers it has agreed to resettle as part of an agreement with Australia, a Trump spokesman says.  Legal challenges to Trump’s first moves on immigration spread as three states sue over his order on travel from seven majority-Muslim countries and San Francisco sues over his order on sanctuary cities.  Americans are sharply divided over the executive order on immigration, with slightly more approving it than disapproving, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll.  Ronald Vitiello has been appointed chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters, replacing Mark Morgan, who had been asked to step down.  The new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations warns Iran its testing two days ago of a long-range ballistic missile is unacceptable and an act the United States believes violates its nuclear accord with world powers.  Trump calls on the pharmaceutical industry to boost U.S. production and lower prices, and vows to speed approval for new medicines.  U.S. Senate Democrats postpone votes on several of Trump’s Cabinet nominees - including attorney general and Treasury secretary - citing their responsibility to do a “thorough vetting,” while Republicans accuse them of unreasonable delays in considering the picks.  About 900 State Department officials sign an internal dissent memo criticizing Trump’s order on refugees and travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, a source says.  Trump and a top economics adviser unleash a barrage of criticism against Germany, Japan and China, saying the three key U.S. trading partners were engaged in devaluing their currencies to the detriment of American companies and consumers.  U.S. food producers and shippers are trying to rush exports to Mexico and line up alternative markets as concerns rise that their business will be hurt by trade and immigration clashes between Trump and the Mexican government.  ",1
5808,"Germany's Schulz calls Trump 'un-American', warns against lifting Russia sanctions","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany’s center-left chancellor candidate Martin Schulz has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s policies as “un-American” and warned against lifting sanctions imposed against Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis. In one of the sharpest remarks yet by a senior German politician since the new American leader took office, Schulz told the Funke media group in an interview published on Wednesday that Europe had to stand up to defend liberal values. “What Trump is doing is un-American,” Schulz said, adding that the United States like no other country in the world stood for enlightenment, democracy and freedom. “If Trump is now driving a wrecking ball through this set of values, then I will tell him as chancellor: That’s not the policy of Germany and Europe,” Schulz added. Germany’s Social Democrats last week nominated former European Parliament president Schulz to run against Chancellor Angela Merkel in a federal election in September, and the surprise move has boosted popular support for the centre-left party. Merkel said on Monday the global fight against terrorism does not warrant putting groups of people under suspicion, adding Trump’s order to restrict people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States violates the spirit of international cooperation. Turning to Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Ukraine conflict, Schulz said that sanctions imposed against Russia could only be lifted after both sides had implemented the so-called Minsk peace plan. “As long as the Minsk peace agreement is not fully implemented, the sanctions cannot be lifted. We must tell Putin very clearly that Russia is obliged to respect and defend international law,” Schulz said. Schulz’ comments bring more clarity about his stance on Russia after some leading Social Democrats have voiced support for a partial lifting of sanctions as long as Russia is implementing some aspects of the plan. Merkel, one of the architects of the peace deal, has repeatedly said that sanctions against Russia can only be lifted once the Minsk agreement has been fully implemented. ",1
5809,"Trump pushes drugmakers for lower prices, more U.S. production","WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump in a meeting on Tuesday with pharmaceutical executives called on them to manufacture more of their drugs in the United States and cut prices, while vowing to speed approval of new medicines and ease regulation.  Trump told them the government was paying “astronomical” prices for medicines in its health programs for older, disabled and poor people and said he would soon appoint a new U.S. Food and Drug Administration leader. “We’re going to streamline the FDA,” Trump said in a statement, referring to the regulatory agency responsible for vetting that new drugs are safe and effective. The meeting between Trump and the pharmaceutical executives signaled a defusing of tensions that have kept drug stock prices in check since the presidential election. Shares of most of the group rallied on Tuesday following the meeting, even as the broader stock market slid. “Trump is a populist above all else, and having these (drug) prices skyrocket, he’s commented that under his administration, this is not going to happen,” said market strategist Quincy Crosby of Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said Trump was playing a balancing act between controlling prices and loosening regulations. “I don’t think the majority of Americans want all regulations lifted from drug makers.” Attending the meeting were top executives at Merck & Co Inc, Johnson &, Celgene Corp, Eli Lilly & Co, Amgen Inc and Switzerland’s Novartis AG <NOV N.S> as well as the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) lobbying group.  According to a transcript of the televised portion of the meeting, Amgen Chief Executive Officer Robert Brad way promised to add 1,600 U.S. jobs at his California-based biotechnology company this year.  Amgen clarified in an email that it currently employs around 20,000 people worldwide, including 12,000 in the United States, and said the 1,600 includes new staff as well as hires to address attrition.  Celgene, Lilly, Merck and Amgen said by email after the meeting that they were encouraged by Trump’s focus on innovation, tax reform and the need for a more value-driven health care system. Lilly said discussion topics also included stronger trade agreements and removing “outdated regulations that drive up costs and slow innovation.” PhRMA echoed those points in its own post-meeting statement, adding that the policies, if enacted, would result in up to 350,000 new jobs over the next 10 years. “Tax, deregulation - those are things that could really help us expand operations,” Lilly CEO Dave Ricks said. Officials at Novartis and J&J did not immediately respond to requests for additional comment.  Shares of the six companies were mostly higher, for an overall gain averaging 0.7 percent, compared with a 0.4 percent drop in the broad S&P 500. The Nasdaq Biotech Index was up 1.2 percent, reversing earlier losses, and the S&P 500 health care index gained 0.6 percent.      “We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. We have no choice, for Medicare and Medicaid,” Trump said, citing the nation’s government insurance programs for the elderly, the poor and the disabled. Trump also said currency devaluation by other countries had increased drugmakers’ outsourcing their production, and he called on the companies to make more of their products in the United States.  Foreign countries must pay a fair share for drug development costs, he added. “We’re going to end global freeloading.”   The United States typically pays more for drugs than any other developed nation. Most Western European countries, as well as Japan, have government-run health care coverage under which drug prices are negotiated.  High drug prices have become a national issue during the past two years as healthcare costs have risen Trump spooked pharmaceutical and biotech investors by saying on Jan. 11, before his inauguration, that drug companies were “getting away with murder” on what they charged the government for medicine and that he would do something about it.  Company executives, meanwhile, have tried to tread a careful line in defending their industry while expressing optimism that the United States would continue to reward scientific advances.  “Regulations - great, streamlining the FDA, perhaps,” Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago said. “But if Trump is going to address his constituency, drug prices have to come down. So I think this is maybe a Pyrrhic victory.” ",1
5810,Trump immigration order may require legislation: U.S. lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After days of chaos at airports and confusion over details of President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order, some of his fellow Republicans joined Democrats in saying Congress might need to consider legislation to address his new policies. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said it was too early to know all the implications of Trump’s order banning travel into the United States by citizens of seven majority-Muslim nations, but lawmakers might eventually need to step in to modify it. “Seriously, we still don’t know all the implications of what happened. I don’t think they (the Trump administration) know all the implications of what happened,” he told reporters at the U.S. Capitol. “There may well need to be a legislative fix.” Under the executive order Trump released on Friday, travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen may not enter the United States for at least 90 days while Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and others determine whether there is enough information available to screen them. Democrats in both the Senate and House of Representatives  have introduced bills to rescind Trump’s order, but those measures are not expected to go anywhere in the Republican-led Congress. Senator John McCain, the Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has criticized the order, saying it could weaken U.S. counterterrorism efforts. He blasted barring Iraqis who risked their lives to work as interpreters for U.S. forces, who have already undergone extensive screening. McCain and Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen led a push to pass legislation last year to provide visas to those Iraqis. McCain said he thought Iraq should not be on Trump’s list. He said it could invite retaliation by Baghdad and said that Iraq should not be lumped in with frequent U.S. nemesis Iran. “There’s no comparison. There’s thousands of Americans fighting in Iraq as we speak. And what if the Iraqis decided, OK, we’re not going to let all these contractors (working with U.S. forces) ... have visas to come into our country?” McCain asked. Iraq’s prime minister on Tuesday said the country would not retaliate to Trump’s travel ban against Iraqi nationals because it did not want to lose Washington’s cooperation in the war on Islamic State. McCain said whether legislation was needed would depend on how the executive order was implemented over time. “Let’s see what they do,” McCain said. “General Kelly today made some very significant changes to what was initially publicized. So let’s see what they do.” ",1
5811,Acting SEC chair seeks to scale back 'conflict minerals' rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Republican at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday took the first step toward scaling back the controversial “conflict minerals” rule, which requires companies to trace whether their products contain minerals from a war-torn part of Africa. In his first major action since becoming acting SEC chair earlier this month, Michael Piwowar announced he has directed agency staff to reconsider how companies should comply with the rule and whether “additional relief” from its requirements is necessary.  Piwowar’s action comes just one day after President Donald Trump signed an executive order that aims to slash government regulations. The White House has said the order does not apply to independent agencies like the SEC. However, independent agencies often try to voluntarily follow the spirit of such orders. The conflict minerals rule requires manufacturers, from Apple Inc to General Electric Co, to tell investors if their products contain certain minerals from the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is one of several SEC disclosure rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law that Republicans and business groups have long sought to repeal, saying they force companies to furnish politically charged information that is irrelevant to making investment decisions. Another disclosure rule hated by many companies that was also in Dodd-Frank is the “resource extraction” rule, which forces oil and gas companies to disclose payments to foreign governments.  Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are slated to vote on a measure to repeal the resource extraction rule on Wednesday. In that case, Republicans are seeking to repeal it under  the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to stop recently adopted regulations through a simple majority vote. The conflict minerals rule cannot be repealed through the Congressional Review Act because the law can only be applied to rules adopted since the end of May. However, SEC staff can issue interpretive guidance to scale back its requirements or, in a more aggressive move, staff can choose not to enforce it. Piwowar said the SEC will solicit comments from the public on whether SEC staff should update its guidance on compliance. The Dodd-Frank law also contains language which would let Trump order the SEC to temporarily suspend the conflict minerals rule for two years if it might harm national security. Piwowar did not ask the president to take such a step. However, he did raise some national security concerns posed by the rule, and said it has done nothing to help the humanitarian crisis in Africa. ",1
5812,Factbox: Trump U.S. Supreme Court pick could affect pending cases,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court, due to be named on Tuesday, could have an immediate impact on cases already pending before the justices. The nine-seat court has been operating with only eight justices since the death of conservative Antonin Scalia on Feb. 13, 2016, with four liberals and four conservatives. The court has ended up with 4-4 split decisions in several cases. The new justice could cast the deciding vote in some cases being considered by the justices in their term that ends in June. Here is a look at some cases in which the new justice could be pivotal. Gloucester County School Board v. G.G. A major transgender rights dispute over whether a public school district in Virginia can prevent a female-born transgender student who identifies as male from using the boys’ bathroom. Trinity Lutheran Church v. Pauley A religious rights case from Missouri in which a church contends the state violated the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment guarantee of religious freedom by denying it funds for a playground project due to a state ban on aid to religious organizations. Epic Systems Corp v. Lewis A significant case for business and labor on whether companies can head off costly class action lawsuits by forcing employees to give up their right to pursue work-related legal claims in court as a group. Microsoft Corp v. Baker A class action case on Microsoft Corp’s bid to fend off claims by Xbox 360 owners who contend that the videogame console has a design defect that causes game discs to be gouged. ",1
5813,A barb at Germany puts Trump administration on collision course with EU,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For seven years, the United States has fought to keep the euro zone intact, urging European officials toward action and supporting international bailout programs to keep the 17-nation currency union from cracking apart.  That appears to have changed less than two weeks into Donald Trump’s new administration.  A sharp shift in tone toward Germany, casting the euro as fuel for that country’s massive trade surplus, has raised concerns that the U.S. president’s trade-centric world view may see the euro not as a geopolitical plus, but as another needless bit of multilateralism. While Trump has refrained from commenting directly on the euro, he praised Britain’s decision to exit the European Union as a “great thing” and predicted that others would leave the bloc as the result of an influx of refugees. In comments published in the European press on Tuesday, Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro said the “grossly undervalued” euro served as a currency for Germany alone, allowing the country to “exploit” the United States and others. On Capitol Hill, Treasury Secretary-designate Steven Mnuchin softened the traditional U.S. “strong dollar” mantra, suggesting that the dollar’s current strength may be working against what has become perhaps the administration’s central economic priority: reviving U.S. manufacturing and exports. Framed narrowly, that could put the United States on a clear a collision course with Germany, the world’s fourth-largest economy and home to companies that rival top U.S. industrial giants, as it is with Mexico or China.  “There seems to be this desire to go back to a divide and conquer style strategy where the U.S. negotiates against individual countries,” said Douglas Rediker, executive chair of International Capital Strategies and a former U.S. executive board member at the International Monetary Fund.  “To single (Germany) out when they don’t have authority to manipulate their currency, requires you to make a leap - which is to say that ‘We don’t care that there actually is a common currency. We are going to take you to account.’” Monetary policy in the euro zone is set by the European Central Bank, and it is the ECB’s money creation policies that have contributed to the euro’s recent decline in value.  Like the U.S. Federal Reserve’s quantitative easing, those efforts have been regarded internationally as a reasonable response to the region’s dangerous economic weakness - not as an effort to cheapen the currency to gain a trade advantage.  “The question is how far will the new administration go with this?” said Jeromin Zettelmeyer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and a former German economic official. Trump could, for example, try to tax German goods to offset any perceived advantage gained from a cheap euro, Zettelmeyer said. An import duty has already been suggested as a way to redress alleged currency manipulation by China. “Trump seems to think that having a trade deficit with another country means that the other country is somehow stealing or at least getting the better deal,” said Zettelmeyer. The first days of Trump’s administration have touched off a wave of anxiety in Europe. European Council President Donald Tusk went so far as to list the new government in Washington among the chief “external” threats faced by Europe. Criticism of Germany’s trade surplus, however, is not unique to Trump.  The Treasury Department under President Obama added Germany to a “watch list” because of its large trade imbalances. The U.S. trade deficit with Germany stood at $77 billion as of 2015, three times that of other European Union countries combined, and $20 billion more than the deficit with Mexico, one of Trump’s other economic nemeses.   But for Obama officials, the aim was to get Germany to spend more and boost its imports of goods from the rest of Europe and the rest of the world. It was not to target the euro’s value and, by extension, the steps taken by the ECB to revive European growth more broadly. Partly under American influence, the Group of 20 nations, including China, has in recent years agreed to consensus language that countries would “refrain from competitive devaluations.”  They have also generally avoided criticizing each other’s central banks. That diplomacy is credited at least in part for China’s recent shift toward a more flexible currency regime that organizations like the International Monetary Fund feel have brought the renminbi currency close to fair market value. In their last report on the euro zone, IMF staff said they did think the euro was undervalued. But they said the range could be anywhere from 0 to 10 percent, though likely larger for Germany. “The consequences (of a protectionist United States) affect us Germans as a leading export and import nation particularly hard,” Federation of German Industries chief Dieter Kempf said in a speech in Berlin after the Navarro comments. ",1
5814,Trump to nominate Rod Rosenstein to be deputy U.S. attorney general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein to be deputy attorney general, the White House said on Tuesday, one day after Trump fired the acting attorney general for refusing to enforce an immigration order. The White House also said Trump will nominate Rachel Brand to be associate attorney general and Steven Engel to be an assistant attorney general, filling senior positions as the Justice Department awaits Senate confirmation of Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. ",1
5815,U.S. House Republicans finalize list of rules to kill in Wednesday vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans pressed ahead in their deregulatory push on Tuesday, with the U.S. House of Representatives Rules Committee officially adding a regulation on methane and one intended to root out pay discrimination to the list of rules the whole chamber will vote to kill on Wednesday. On Monday, the committee sent three other recently enacted rules on the environment, corruption and guns to the full House to axe under the Congressional Review Act, which has only been used effectively once, in 2001.  The Republican-controlled House is expected to vote to overturn all five regulations on Wednesday, and then hand them off to the Senate. Agencies cannot create a new rule to replace any part of an overturned regulation, and Democrats at Tuesday’s committee hearing argued that House Republicans were closing off the possibility of enacting regulations that could be needed in the future.  They also pressed for more time to consider rolling back regulations that often took months and years to craft. “What we’ve been doing today and yesterday ... I would characterize as mindless legislating,” said Representative Jim McGovern, a Democrat from Massachusetts. “I worry that this whole process is going to subject a lot of vulnerable people, and a lot of working people, as well as our environment to some pretty dark consequences.” New York’s Louise Slaughter, the committee’s senior Democrat, while talking about the methane rule during the one-hour hearing bluntly said: “I disagree wholeheartedly with what you’re doing.” Democrats, though, have little power to stop the overturning of regulations. Only simple majorities in both chambers are needed to kill a rule. In the past, Republicans’ nullification attempts were met with veto threats by former president Barack Obama, a Democrat. Now, a fellow Republican occupies the White House, President Donald Trump. Critics of the methane rule say the regulation, which covers emissions from oil and gas operations on federal and Indian land, is not necessary. They cast it as a duplicative regulation that usurps state rights and slows down the distribution of natural gas through excessive red tape. Supporters, meanwhile, say that the rule keeps oil and gas companies from polluting the environment, brings in royalties to the federal government, and reduces wasted methane. Those wanting to see the pay-discrimination rule overturned have similar complaints, saying that other rules already cover the area and that requiring federal contractors to collect information on their employees will be expensive and time-consuming. ",1
5816,Ronald Vitiello appointed chief of U.S. Border Patrol,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ronald Vitiello has been appointed chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters on Tuesday, replacing Mark Morgan, who had been asked to step down as the agency moves toward tougher immigration enforcement under the Trump administration. Vitiello’s appointment was announced in a memo by Kevin McAleenan, acting commissioner of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, which oversees the Border Patrol.   ",1
5817,U.S. Senate approves Chao to lead Transportation Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Elaine Chao, a former top U.S. labor official, was sworn in on Tuesday to lead the U.S. Transportation Department, which overseas aviation, vehicle, train and pipeline safety. Chao, a former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary, took office hours after the U.S. Senate voted 93 to 6 to confirm her. Chao, 63, will face key decisions on how to regulate the growing use of drones and automakers’ plans to offer self-driving cars.   She will also be a key player in President Donald Trump’s Cabinet if his administration pushes ahead with a major infrastructure spending program, as the businessman-turned-politician promised during last year’s presidential campaign. “Your leadership and your experience will serve well as the secretary of transportation, overseeing what we anticipate will be historic investments in our nation’s roads, bridges, airports and above all in our future,” said Vice President Mike Pence, who administered the oath of office to Chao. Chao tweeted: “It is an honor to rejoin the extraordinary people of @USDOT and begin working to rebuild America’s infrastructure.” The Transportation Department has a $75 billion annual budget and about 60,000 employees. It includes the Federal Aviation Administration, which handles air traffic control. Chao, the wife of Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the first Asian-American woman to hold a Cabinet position, also will have to decide whether U.S. fuel efficiency standards should be revised, as some automakers have sought. There are dozens of other pending regulatory issues facing the next administration, including railroad safety and staffing rules and whether to set rules requiring airlines to give more passengers with disabilities seats with extra leg room and whether to ban or restrict personal phone calls on U.S. flights. At her confirmation hearing this month, Chao declined to take positions on a number of issues, including whether air traffic control jobs should be privatized, concerns over the safety of shipments of crude oil by rail, foreign airlines’ push to move into the U.S. market and regulation of developing technologies. AAA, the largest U.S. auto club with more than 50 million members, praised Chao’s confirmation. AAA CEO Marshall Doney said the group “firmly believes that significant, additional investments are needed to maintain existing infrastructure and to enhance the nation’s (transportation) system.” The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, which represents major U.S. and foreign automakers, said that from “autonomous vehicles to safety to fuel efficiency to infrastructure, Secretary Chao’s leadership will profoundly impact our sector and many others.” ",1
5818,About 900 State Department officials sign protest memo: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - About 900 U.S. State Department officials signed an internal dissent memo protesting a travel ban by U.S. President Donald Trump on refugees and travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, a source familiar with the document said on Tuesday, in a rebellion against the new president’s policies. A senior State Department official confirmed the memorandum had been submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the department's ""dissent channel,"" a process in which officials can express unhappiness over policy (bit.ly/2jOYW0y). White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday he was aware of the memo but warned career diplomats that they should either “get with the program or they can go.”  A draft of the dissent memo seen by Reuters argued that the executive order would sour relations with affected countries, inflame anti-American sentiment and hurt those who sought to visit the United Spates for humanitarian reasons. It said the policy “runs counter to core American values of non-discrimination, fair play and extending a warm welcome to foreign visitors and immigrants. Trump on Friday signed an executive order that temporarily  bans refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries, sparking tumult at U.S. airports and protests in major American cities. The ban affects Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Even before the executive order on immigration was issued, concern among State Department officials had been growing over news reports that Trump was about to ease sanctions against Russia, said one State Department official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The resignation of at least four top State Department officials, including Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who formally left the department on Tuesday, also caused some unease among diplomats who worried about a power vacuum.  (This story corrects immigrants to travelers in first paragraph) ",1
5819,"Senate Democrats delay committee votes on Sessions, Mnuchin, Price","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats on Tuesday postponed votes on several of President Donald Trump’s Cabinet nominees, citing their responsibility to do a “thorough vetting,” while Republicans accused them of unreasonable delays in considering the picks. Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee exploited Senate rules to delay until Wednesday a vote on Senator Jeff Sessions’ nomination to be attorney general. That job was in the spotlight after Trump fired the acting attorney general on Monday over her refusal to defend his executive order blocking nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Democrats also boycotted a meeting of the Senate Finance Committee where votes had been scheduled on Steve Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary and Tom Price to head the Health and Human Services Department. Since at least one Democrat is required to be present for the committee votes to take place, no votes were held. Despite the delays, all three nominees are considered likely to be confirmed once their names are sent to the full Republican-led Senate. The White House, as well as Republicans on Capitol Hill, accused Democrats of slow-walking the work of the government. “The people want change. President Trump is delivering that change. And the only response from Senate Democrats so far is to try to stall the core functions of our government,” said White House press secretary Sean Spicer. “When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet!” Trump said in a tweet. “No wonder D.C. doesn’t work!” Senate Democrats were unapologetic, with their leader, Chuck Schumer, saying it was their obligation to “thoroughly vet” Trump’s Cabinet nominees. “And if it takes a little longer, they could be in office up to four years, and it makes eminent sense to get their views out,” Schumer told reporters. The Senate has already confirmed several of Trump’s picks for national security posts, and the chamber voted 93-6 on Tuesday to confirm Elaine Chao, wife of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, as head of the U.S. Transportation Department. Sessions’ closeness to Trump - he was the first senator to endorse him during Trump’s presidential campaign - was clearly working against him as far as Democrats were concerned following several days of controversy over Trump’s executive order on immigration. “We saw last night that it is also the duty of our nation’s chief law enforcement officer to support and defend the Constitution when the president’s actions do not. The attorney general swears an oath to the Constitution, not to a president,” said Senator Dick Durbin, a member of the Judiciary Committee, elaborating on his opposition to Sessions. The Judiciary Committee rescheduled its vote on Sessions for 10:30 a.m (1530 GMT) on Wednesday. Democrats on the Finance Committee said they were delaying votes on Price and Mnuchin because they wanted more information on Price’s stock trades in an Australian medical company and reports that Mnuchin’s former bank, OneWest, used automated “robo-signings” of foreclosure documents, which apparently contradicted statements the nominees had made to senators.  “We’ve made clear that we need additional information to make these judgments,” said Senator Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the committee. It was unclear when the committee votes would be held. Republican Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Finance Committee, called the Democratic boycott “shocking” and “offensive.”  “What’s the matter with the other party?” he asked. “Are they that bitter about Donald Trump?” ",1
5820,Some Sept. 11 families join criticism of Trump immigration order,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Several relatives of victims of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington criticized President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration on Tuesday, saying they did not want the memories of those killed used to justify harming refugees. Trump last Friday banned travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, leading to protests, confusion and legal challenges. “This is totally unacceptable,” John Sigmund, whose sister, Johanna Sigmund, died inside the World Trade Center in New York on Sept. 11, 2001, told reporters on a conference call. “It goes against everything we stand for as Americans.” The text of the order specifically made reference to the hijacked plane attacks, which killed about 3,000 people. But the relatives who spoke on Tuesday pointed out that none of the Sept. 11 Islamist militant hijackers was from any of the seven countries named in Trump’s order. Trump’s order halted travel by people with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and stopped resettlement of refugees for 120 days. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia, two from United Arab Emirates and one each from Lebanon and Egypt.  The White House has described the order as necessary “to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States.” Sept. 11 family members said Trump’s action would sow mistrust among Muslim Americans and hurt refugees from war-torn countries. Most of the relatives are members of September 11 Families for Peaceful Tomorrows, a group formed in 2002 that opposed the war in Iraq. “I am actually sickened by President Trump’s use of 9/11 in this executive order,” said Terry McGovern, whose mother was killed at the World Trade Center. “Don’t use our loved ones, and specifically my mother, to turn away refugees.” Not all Sept. 11 families may agree, however. Kathleen Ganci, the widow of a fire department official killed in the attacks, told The New York Times she supported efforts to restrict travel to ensure national security. “There’s many, many fine Muslim people in this world, but there’s many many people who want to kill us, and we need to vet them, and we need to find out,” she was quoted as saying. ",1
5821,Kushner divests equity in major NYC property,"NEW YORK (IFR) - Jared Kushner has divested his equity interest in 666 Fifth Avenue, a 39-story office and retail building on Manhattan’s famed shopping area, according to a spokesperson at Kushner Companies. Kushner said he would step down as CEO of Kushner Companies, a family owned real estate company, and begin to divest himself of substantial assets after he was made a senior White House advisor to US President Donald Trump, his father-in-law. “Mr. Kushner divested his equity interest in 666 Fifth Avenue, and has no role in the management or operations of the property,” a Kushner Companies spokesperson said in an emailed statement to IFR. “Mr. Kushner’s ownership interests were sold using a third-party appraisal for fair market value to a family trust, of which he is not a beneficiary,” the spokesperson said. Neither Ivanka Trump nor her and Kushner’s children are beneficiaries to the family trust, the spokesperson also confirmed. When asked by IFR, Kushner Companies declined to give any detail about the sale price of the equity stake and declined to discuss any aspect of the outstanding debt on the property. Kushner bought the property for US$1.8bn in 2007 - the highest price ever paid for a single office building sale in the United States at the time, according to Kroll Bond Rating Agency - but it was last valued well below that level. The last appraisal, completed in 2011 as part of a debt restructuring, valued the building at just US$820m. Kroll, which said the building was 20% vacant as of July 2016, valued the property at US$982.1m. Kushner and his partners in 666 Fifth took out US$1.2bn of senior debt to buy the property, which was later packaged and sold into three CMBS deals. It is not clear what the divestiture means for the debt on the property. The senior debt was restructured in 2011 and extended to February 2019. As part of the restructuring, Kushner brought in Vornado Realty as a partner. A call and email to Vornado was not immediately returned. ",1
5822,Trump to order departments to beef up cyber security,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday postponed signing an executive order that is expected to require the heads of government agencies to play a more direct role in reviewing and managing risks to networks under their control. Trump, at a White House event with top officials to discuss his order, said his initiative would “hold my Cabinet secretaries and agency heads accountable, totally accountable, for the cyber security of their organizations.” “We must defend and protect federal networks,” he said. A signing ceremony was planned for Tuesday afternoon but an aide said it had been postponed. When signed, the order will give the White House budget office a central role in assessing cyber risks for the entire executive branch, and will require agency heads to develop plans to modernize aging information technology systems, a White House official told reporters, speaking on condition of anonymity. Cyber breaches featured in the run-up to the Nov. 8 election, which Trump won over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, most notably with the hacking and leaking of Democratic National Committee emails. Trump said hackers tried to penetrate the Republican National Committee as well but that they failed. Trump vowed his administration will work with the private sector to ensure owners and operators of critical infrastructure  to make sure they have the support they need from the federal government to guard against cyber threats. Trump said he would take steps to ensure cyber security is central to the U.S. military. ",1
5823,Fired: Trump dumps top lawyer who defied immigration order," (In this Jan. 30 story, corrects spelling of Sergey Brin in paragraph 24) By Roberta Rampton and Julia Edwards Ainsley WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump fired top federal government lawyer Sally Yates on Monday after she took the extraordinarily rare step of defying the White House and refused to defend new travel restrictions targeting seven Muslim-majority nations. It was another dramatic twist in the unusually raucous roll-out of Trump’s directive that put a 120-day hold on allowing refugees into the country, an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria and a 90-day bar on citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Friday night ban prompted protests and chaos at airports on the weekend as customs officials struggled to put the order into practise, and the fallout spread to U.S. markets on Monday,  where stocks suffered their biggest drop of 2017 and companies affected by the change spoke out against it. Yates said late on Monday that the Justice Department would not defend the order against court challenges, saying that she did not believe it would be “consistent with this institution’s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right.” Hours later, she was fired. The White House said Yates “has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States” and portrayed her actions as political. Trump has argued tougher vetting of immigrants is needed to protect America from terror attacks but critics complain that his order unfairly singles out Muslims and defiles America’s historic reputation as a welcoming place for immigrants. Yates, an appointee of former Democratic President Barack Obama, was days away from being replaced by Trump’s pick for the top spot at the Justice Department, Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, who is awaiting Senate confirmation. “Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration,” the White House said in a statement. The White House said that Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, was sworn in at 9 p.m. ET and would be acting U.S. attorney general until Sessions is approved. Boente said in an interview with the Washington Post that he would enforce the immigration order. There have been only a handful of instances in U.S. history of top Justice Department officials publicly breaking with the White House. The most famous example was in 1973, when then-Attorney General Elliot Richardson and his deputy resigned rather than obey President Richard Nixon’s order to fire a special prosecutor investigating the Watergate scandal. The incident, which became known as the “Saturday Night Massacre,” was a public relations disaster and is seen as a turning point in Nixon’s administration. The drama at the Justice Department is another sign of how hastily Trump’s immigration order was developed and how little it was reviewed by the agencies now grappling to implement it. The White House said key government officials were briefed before Trump signed the order on Friday, but there was little coordination or consultation, resulting in confusion. Most State Department officials found out about it from media reports. Officials from the State Department circulated a draft memo of dissent on Monday, saying Trump’s move would hurt America’s image abroad and inflame anti-American sentiment.  White House spokesman Sean Spicer dismissed the memo. “These career bureaucrats have a problem with it? I think that they should either get with the program or they can go,” he told reporters at his daily briefing. An internal Department of Homeland Security document seen by Reuters showed 348 visa holders were kept from boarding U.S.-bound flights this week, and more than 200 people came to the United States but were denied entry. More than 735 people were pulled aside for questioning by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at airports, including 394 green card holders, who are legal permanent residents of the United States, the document said.  Trump’s administration is granting waivers from the refugee ban to allow 872 people into the country this week - refugees that had already been cleared for resettlement in the United States and were in transit when the order came out. Tens of thousands of people protested Trump’s order in major American cities and at airports on the weekend. Obama took the rare step of weighing in, saying through a spokesman that he was heartened by the political activism on the issue. Employees of Alphabet Inc’s Google in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle and other cities held protests. Backed by a sign that said “We are a nation of immigrants,” Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet, said he was outraged by the order. “The U.S. had the courage to take me and my family in as refugees,” he said in a YouTube video of his remarks. Federal judges blocked deportation of those detained under the order through the weekend, and more lawsuits were filed on Monday. The Council on American-Islamic Relations, the country’s biggest Muslim advocacy group, filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of more than 20 people. Washington state filed a lawsuit, arguing that Trump’s order violates the equal protection clause and the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Several other Democratic state attorneys general have said they are considering legal action.  “It is an insult and a danger to all of the people of the state of Washington, of all faiths,” Washington state Governor Jay Inslee, a Democrat, told reporters. Amazon.com Inc and Expedia Inc, both of which are based in Washington state’s Seattle area, are supporting the state’s suit. Amazon scrapped a business trip for a senior company lawyer who was born in Libya but has UK citizenship, according to a declaration filed in support of the lawsuit. Forty-nine of its employees were born in one of the banned countries, and seven new hires may need to be placed in offices outside the United States, it said. A declaration from Expedia said the order could impact the travel itineraries of at least 1,000 customers, costing it refunds as well as expenses to monitor how the order is applied and who exactly is affected.     The U.S. technology industry, a major employer of foreign workers, has been the most vocal corporate opponent to Trump’s order. A group of top companies plans to meet on Tuesday to discuss how best to support legal challenges. [L1N1FL04H] ",1
5824,Trump's go-to man Bannon takes hardline view on immigration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When Donald Trump’s administration put together its controversial executive order on immigration, it was Steve Bannon – the populist firebrand fast emerging as the president’s right-hand man – pushing a hard line. Senior officials at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) interpreted the order to mean that lawful permanent residents - green card holders – who hailed from the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted in the immigration order would not face additional screening when they entered the country.  But they were quickly overruled by Bannon, who is Trump’s chief strategist and oversaw the drafting of the executive order along with White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, a close ally of Bannon’s, the officials said. “They were in charge of this operation,” one senior DHS official said, adding that the experts were “almost immediately overruled by the White House, which means by Bannon and Miller.” A senior national security official described the pair as a “tag team” pushing Trump’s key policies, including the immigration order which bars the entry of refugees and places a temporary hold on people from seven countries - Syria, Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Somalia and Libya. The inclusion of green card holders from those countries intensified opposition to an executive order that sparked legal challenges, protests at airports and sharp criticism from inside the Republican Party, including from some Trump allies. DHS officials say there was little or no White House consultation with immigration, customs and border security agencies on the immigration policy change, causing widespread confusion over how to implement Trump’s order. A senior administration official said the order went through a review by “key people” at DHS and the White House National Security Council, and that several immigration staff on Capitol Hill were involved in drafting the order.  But officials said Bannon was the driving force throughout. The White House declined to comment on his role. Critics have accused Bannon of harboring anti-Semitic and white nationalist sentiments. Under Bannon’s leadership, his Breitbart website presented a number of conspiracy theories about Trump’s Democratic rival in the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton, as well as Republicans deemed to be lacking in conservative bona fides. Bannon has ascribed his interest in populism and American nationalism to a desire to curb what he views as the corrosive effects of globalization. He has rejected what he called the “ethno-nationalist” tendencies of some in the movement. After becoming chief executive of Trump’s election campaign in August, the former Goldman Sachs banker and Navy veteran helped lead him to victory over Clinton. He was then appointed by Trump as senior counselor and chief strategist - jobs not subject to U.S. Senate confirmation. He has been an almost constant presence by Trump’s side in the first 10 days of the administration - in the White House for a meeting with American manufacturers, at CIA headquarters the day after Trump was sworn in, and in the Oval Office during British Prime Minister Theresa May’s visit. He appears to have greatly expanded his power in the first 10 days of Trump’s presidency. Trump gave him an unprecedented seat in the NSC’s top-level meetings and potentially narrowed the role played by the director of national intelligence (DNI) and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Bannon has also asserted authority over almost all written statements from the White House and the NSC and has sent back documents for rewrites as he sees fit, one NSC official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.  Critics, including four senior U.S. intelligence officers, called the decision to formalize Bannon’s role at the NSC meetings a mistake, saying it risks politicizing decisions on national security. White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday defended Bannon’s inclusion in the NSC. Susan Rice, the former national security adviser in former President Barack Obama’s administration, tweeted on Sunday: “This is stone cold crazy. After a week of crazy.”  Bannon and Miller are drowning out the opinions of more moderate advisers like White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, said a senior DHS official and two people in Washington who work closely with the White House on immigration and a range of other issues. One of those people and the DHS official said Priebus felt he had placed enough of his fellow moderate Republicans in key positions at the White House as a counterbalance to Bannon and Miller, but he has been frustrated at their outsized influence so far, especially on issues of immigration and national security.  The White House dismissed the views of the officials as gossip. ",1
5825,U.S. Senate panel postpones hearing for Labor nominee Puzder yet again,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate panel tasked with vetting Andrew Puzder to head the Labor Department has postponed its tentative plans to hold his confirmation hearing yet again, a move that some political strategists say could signal trouble for the fast-food executive. An aide for the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions said on Tuesday that the panel will not “officially” schedule a hearing “until the committee has received his paperwork from the Office of Government Ethics.” The committee had planned to hold Puzder’s hearing on Feb. 7. Prior to that, the committee eyed three other possible hearing dates. Puzder, who is the CEO of CKE Restaurants, is one of several  of President Donald Trump’s nominees who has faced particularly strong opposition from Senate Democrats and progressive groups. His nomination sparked protests by some CKE fast-food workers and the union-backed “Fight for $15” movement to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. George Thompson, a spokesman for Puzder, said Democrats and special interest groups were “obstructing President Trump’s nominees” and that Puzder is “a proven job creator.” Puzder has criticized an overtime rule championed by the Obama administration and opposes raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Last week, workers at franchised locations of Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s, which are part of CKE’s restaurant portfolio, filed a range of complaints, alleging wage theft and harassment, among other things. Additionally, some of CKE’s racy advertisements featuring women in bikinis have caused Democrats to ask questions about how Puzder will address sexual harassment in the workplace. “I like our ads. I like beautiful women eating burgers in bikinis,” he was quoted as saying in a 2015 article in Entrepreneur magazine. He added that those ads “did take on my personality.” Experts say the repeated postponement of Puzder’s hearing and the delays over his ethics paperwork since he was first nominated on Dec. 8 are unusual and could be a sign of problems. “It is a likely sign that the vetting is turning up problems and they are trying to figure out how to deal with them,” said Matthew Miller, a partner at the crisis management firm Vianovo. The new delays come on the same day that the same committee voted along party lines to advance Betsy DeVos’ nomination as  education secretary to the full Senate floor. On another Senate panel, meanwhile, Democrats boycotted confirmation votes for Treasury Secretary-nominee Steve Mnuchin and Health and Human Services Secretary-nominee Tom Price. ",1
5826,Gorsuch told he is likely Trump's Supreme Court pick: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative U.S. appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch has been told he is likely President Donald Trump’s pick to fill a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court that has been vacant for almost a year, CNN reported on Tuesday, citing an unnamed source. Gorsuch, 49, who would replace the late Antonin Scalia, is a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. He was appointed by President George W. Bush in 2006. Some Democrats in the U.S. Senate, which votes on whether to confirm judicial nominees, have already said they would seek to block whoever Trump nominates. ",1
5827,"Senate committee approves Trump picks for Energy, Interior","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate Energy Committee on Tuesday overwhelmingly approved President Donald Trump’s nominees to head the Interior and Energy Departments. The panel approved Ryan Zinke for the Interior Department by a vote of 16 to 6 and Rick Perry, a former governor or oil producing Texas, for the Energy Department by a vote of 16 to 7. Next, the full Senate will consider both nominees.   ",1
5828,Exclusive: Trump administration to allow 872 refugees into U.S. this week - document,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government has granted waivers to let 872 refugees into the country this week, despite President Donald Trump’s executive order on Friday temporarily banning entry of refugees from any country, according to an internal Department of Homeland Security document seen by Reuters.  A Homeland Security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed the waivers, noting that the refugees were considered “in transit” and had already been cleared for resettlement before the ban took effect. Refugees preparing for resettlement typically have severed personal ties and relinquished their possessions, leaving them particularly vulnerable if their plans to depart are suddenly canceled.  The waivers, granted by the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), came amid international protests against Trump’s rushed executive order. Critics said the order in some cases was not clearly communicated to the agencies responsible for implementing it. It was not known if additional waivers would be granted, the official said. The document did not give the nationalities of the refugees who will be admitted into the United States.  Over the weekend, non-refugee visitors from seven majority-Muslim countries also targeted in Trump’s executive order were detained, deported and in some cases blocked from boarding flights to the United States. The countries covered by the traveler ban were Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen.  The internal DHS document said that between late Friday and early Monday 348 visa holders were prevented from boarding U.S.-bound flights. In addition, more than 200 people landed in the United States but were denied entry, the document showed. More than 735 people were pulled aside for questioning by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in airports, including 394 legal permanent U.S. residents holding green cards, over the same time period.  Trump said the executive order he signed on Friday was designed to protect the United States “from foreign terrorist entry.” The order stopped all refugee admissions for 120 days while government officials determine how to ensure that any refugees admitted do not pose a threat. The 872 refugees to be admitted this week, under the waivers, were screened using Obama administration procedures, which typically take two years and include several interviews and a background check. The DHS said on Sunday night that green card holders would be allowed to board U.S.-bound flights, but would be subjected to additional scrutiny upon arrival.  The public guidance from DHS also said some people from the seven majority-Muslim countries could be allowed entry to the United States on a case-by-case basis.     Congressional Democrats and some foreign countries, including key U.S. allies, put pressure on Trump on Monday over the executive order. Democratic Senators tried to force a vote on a bill to rescind the order, but were blocked by a Republican lawmaker. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said she had 27 co-sponsors for the legislation. But under Senate rules it takes only one member to prevent a vote, and Republican Senator Tom Cotton blocked consideration of the measure. The Democrats’ leader in the U.S. Senate, Chuck Schumer, said he would bring legislation on Monday evening seeking to end the ban, although the measure stood little chance of being passed by the Republican-led Congress. ",1
5829,Ryan defends Trump immigration order but regrets confusion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday defended President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration and refugees, but said he regretted the confusion caused by its implementation. “The president has a responsibility to the security of this country,” Ryan told reporters. “It’s regrettable that there was confusion on the rollout of this. No one wanted to see people with green cards or special immigrant visas, like translators, get caught up in all of this.” The Wisconsin Republican said he spoke at length with U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and was “confident that he is, on a going forward basis, going to make sure that things are done correctly.”    ",1
5830,"Trump pushes drugmakers for lower prices, more U.S. production","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday called on the pharmaceutical industry to boost U.S. production and lower prices, while also vowing to speed up approval times for new medicines and appoint a new U.S. Food and Drug Administration leader soon.  Shares of five of the six drug companies at the White House meeting with Trump were up more than 1 percent on average following the president’s remarks, compared with a 0.5 percent drop in the broad S&P 500. The Nasdaq Biotech Index was up 1.1 percent, reversing earlier losses, and the S&P 500 health care index gained 0.7 percent.      Attending the meeting were the CEOs of Novartis AG, Merck & Co Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Celgene Corp, Eli Lilly & Co and Amgen Inc as well as the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbying group. Trump told the drugmakers that pricing had been “astronomical.” “We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. We have no choice, for Medicare and Medicaid,” Trump said at the meeting, citing the nation’s government insurance programs for the elderly, the poor and the disabled that together are the largest U.S. purchaser of medications.    Trump also said currency devaluation by other countries had increased drugmakers’ outsourcing their production and called on the companies to make more of their products in the United States.  He added that foreign countries must pay fair share for drug development costs.  “We’re going to end global freeloading,” Trump said.  Novartis  CEO Joe Jimenez, who is chairman-elect of the industry lobbying group, said last week that he wanted to talk to Trump about efforts to develop pricing models that would pay for clinical results rather than a flat price per pill, as well as plans to replace the Affordable Care Act, which is popularly known as “Obamacare.” Trump spooked investors in the pharmaceuticals and biotech sectors by saying on Jan. 11, before his inauguration, that drug companies were “getting away with murder” on what they charged the government for medicine and that he would do something about it.  That prompted the pharmaceutical lobbying group to unveil a new TV marketing campaign last week to improve its image by focusing attention on strides in research. Company executives, meanwhile, have tried to tread a careful line in defending their industry while expressing optimism that the United States would continue to reward scientific advances.  ",1
5831,Trump order targeting business rules leaves key regulations untouched,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump signed an order on Monday that will seek to dramatically reduce federal regulations, but the policy will not apply to most of the financial reform rules introduced by the Obama administration. Trump’s latest executive action will require that agencies cut two existing regulations for every new rule introduced and it will set an annual cap on the cost of new regulations. For the rest of fiscal 2017, the cap will require that the cost of any additional regulations be completely offset by undoing existing rules. But, the move does not cover independent agencies that crafted many of the rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the White House said.     It also would not apply to rules mandated by statutes.  “There will be regulation, there will be control, but it will be normalized control,” Trump said as he signed the order in the Oval Office, surrounded by a group of small business owners. During a meeting with the business owners, Trump described the Dodd-Frank law as “a disaster.” He asserted that it was “almost impossible now to start a small business and it’s virtually impossible to expand your existing business because of regulations.” The creation of new U.S. businesses has actually climbed steadily since 2010, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. (bit.ly/2jnU32o)  White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday called the executive order a “first step” and said the administration would work with Congress to begin making changes to Dodd-Frank.          Implementing the new regulatory order may be difficult alongside the Trump administration’s push to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, said Tom Bulleit, head of the healthcare practice in the Washington D.C. office of law firm Ropes & Gray.  As the Congress passes new legislation on healthcare, there will need to be new rules, Bulleit said.  “There’s a great deal of regulation that is either expressly required by legislation or is necessary to make the legislation work,” he said. Consumer groups and environmentalists criticized the push to peel back regulations, arguing that it would remove important protections for the public.    Major regulations are typically reviewed by the White House’s Office of Management and Budget (OMB) before they are issued. That review will continue under this new measure, but agencies will also have to identify what two regulations will be repealed to offset the costs of any new rule. Harvard Law School Professor Jody Freeman said the new order was “entirely unnecessary,” given similar cost-benefit regulatory directives made by past presidents and existing agency processes for reviewing older rules. “Even it is fairly toothless in the end, it will be a weapon that OMB can use to harass agencies and slow regulation,” Freeman said. The new order does not require that the repeal of the two regulations be done simultaneously with the release of additional rules.  “This vests tremendous power and responsibility in the OMB director to ensure the president’s direction in how we manage this across the government,” a White House official told reporters before the signing. Certain categories of regulations will be exempt from this new policy, including those dealing with the military and national security. The OMB director will also have the ability to waive this policy in certain instances.  Trump has tapped U.S. Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina to lead the OMB. ",1
5832,"White House says no changes to NSC, but Trump's is different","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday tried to tamp down the furor over President Donald Trump’s reorganization of the National Security Council, saying “nothing has changed.” A comparison of Trump’s order with documents from the Bush and Obama administrations, however, shows that is not entirely accurate. Unlike President Barack Obama, but like President George W. Bush, Trump did not make the U.S. Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff regular members of the cabinet-level Principals Committee. But Trump’s directive gives an unprecedented NSC role to a political advisor, Steve Bannon, who headed Breitbart News, a website and voice for the alt-right movement, a loose confederation that includes hardcore nationalists, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites. Critics of the move say it could allow domestic politics to influence national security and puts a political adviser on par with other Cabinet level officials. In his briefing on Monday, Spicer argued that identifying Bannon by his title was a move to show that the administration was transparent about who is attending top-level meetings. He said that David Axelrod, a top political adviser to Obama, attended national security meetings “quite frequently.” Axelrod disputed that, saying he attended early meetings under Obama only on Afghanistan-Pakistan policy. “I was not a member of the committee. I did not speak or participate. I sat on the sidelines as a silent observer,” he wrote on CNN’s website on Monday.  A former top Obama administration official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, called the addition of Bannon “an unprecedented politicization of foreign policy that exceeds even what hubris is the new normal.” “In many ways that is unprecedented, often time these discussions are analytical, very technical, and it is not a lot of politics in the room,” said Shannon Green, who served on the National Security Council staff and is now a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Green said that there are few areas where the U.S. military and intelligence agencies do not have expertise and relationships with foreign governments that could be beneficial for non-military issues.      The Pentagon said it did not see Trump’s reorganization as  downgrading the role of the Joint Chiefs chairman, who is the top U.S. military officer. The chairman and the U.S. intelligence czar are advisers to the National Security Council by law. Trump’s directive says they will attend meetings of the Principals Committee “where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed.” That is the same language used by Bush in a February 2001 order.  Defense Secretary James Mattis, “when he engages with the National Security Council, whether it is with the full NSC or at a PC (Principals Committee), he intends to always have the chairman at his side when he is discussing anything that has anything to do with national security and our military,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said. In a statement the Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford said he would continue to provide his best military advice to the President and members of National Security Council. ",1
5833,U.S. Senate advances nomination of Tillerson as Secretary of State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate advanced the nomination of former Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) Chief Executive Rex Tillerson on Monday to be President Donald Trump’s secretary of state, moving closer to filling a key seat on the Republican’s national security team despite partisan rancor over Trump’s immigration order. The vote was 56 to 43 to move toward a final confirmation vote after up to 30 hours’ debate, putting a final vote very early on Wednesday, if senators do not agree to change the time. The vote broke largely along party lines. Every Republican favored advancing the nomination and all but four members of the Democratic caucus voted against it. The Senate’s Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, and several other members of the party tried, but failed, to delay considering Tillerson because of Trump’s executive order banning immigration from seven mostly Muslim countries and temporarily halting the entry of refugees. They said they wanted to question Tillerson more closely on his views on Muslim immigration. During his confirmation hearing, the former oil executive said he did not support a “blanket-type rejection” of any group of people. Democrats said that statement seemed to contradict Trump’s order. Trump and his supporters, including many Republicans, said his order is necessary to keep Americans safe and is not intended to ban Muslims, despite addressing only Muslim-majority nations whose citizens have not been involved in attacks on the United States. They said it was important to fill important slots on Trump’s national security team quickly. “As we proceed in ensuring the new administration has the leaders it needs to implement our nation’s foreign policy going forward, I have great confidence Rex Tillerson will serve the United States well,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said. ",1
5834,Trump state visit to Britain 'months away': UK PM May spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - A planned state visit to Britain by U.S. President Donald Trump is months away and any program has yet to be worked out, a spokeswoman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday. More than 1.6 million people have signed an online petition calling for Trump’s visit to be canceled to avoid embarrassing Queen Elizabeth, in protest at his immigration policies. “The prime minister set out very clearly last night ... (that) the invitation has been extended. She was happy to do that. She looks forward to hosting the president and that will be a state visit this year,” the spokeswoman told reporters. “On the program for the state visit, that will all need to be worked out in due course ... It is months away.” ",1
5835,"Exclusive: Japan eyes U.S. job, investment initiative ahead of Abe-Trump summit","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is hammering out plans to show U.S. President Donald Trump its firms are ready to create U.S. jobs, according to a document whose contents were revealed to Reuters, as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe prepares for a summit where automotive trade will be high on the agenda. Abe will visit Washington on Feb. 10 for the talks at which  Trump is expected to seek quick progress toward a two-way trade deal.  An early draft of the document, called “U.S.-Japan Growth and Employment Initiative”, listed five areas including  infrastructure. The document, which was read to Reuters, did not mention automotive trade, which Trump has targeted as “unfair” in an echo of complaints by Washington decades ago. The document left blanks for the numbers of jobs to be created and the scope of investment but a government source said several hundred thousand jobs could result. It also referred to the idea of buying dollar-denominated “infrastructure bonds”, a proposal that has been floated as a way Japan could take part in Trump’s promised upgrade of U.S. infrastructure.  Japanese officials said they were still trying to assess just what Trump wants from Japan. In addition to singling out cars, he has also lumped Japan with China and Mexico as big contributors to America’s trade deficit. However, Japan’s share of the U.S. global trade gap has shrunk to 9 percent from more than half in the early 1990s. Automobiles and car parts account for about three-fourths of the overall U.S.-Japan trade gap, making it an easy target. In a phone call with Abe on Saturday, Trump reiterated his pledge to create jobs in the United States and asked that the Japanese auto industry contribute, the Nikkei business daily reported, quoting unidentified Japanese government officials. Abe is expected to meet Toyoto Motor Corp CEO Akio Toyoda this week, possibly on Friday. “Mr. Trump has made a promise to ‘Buy American, Hire American’,” said one former Japanese diplomat. “Symbolically, autos are a very big player.” The renewed focus on the automotive trade has some Japanese officials and media reminiscing - and not happily - about heated U.S.-Japan auto talks more than 20 years ago. A last-minute deal in June 1995 averted U.S. tariffs on Japanese luxury cars when Japan’s automakers crafted “voluntary plans” to boost purchases of American auto parts and expand U.S. production. That allowed the Japanese government to maintain its opposition to setting official numerical trade targets while letting U.S. negotiators also claim a win. Yoshihiro Sakamoto, the top Japanese trade bureaucrat in those talks two decades ago, said such plans - drafted behind the scenes by the auto industry and trade ministry - could be a model for addressing the situation now. Some experts pointed out, however, the ministry’s clout had waned since those days. “What America wants is investment,” Sakamoto told Reuters. Toyota has come under fire from Trump for plans, announced in 2015, to shift production of its Corolla sedan from Canada to Mexico. Earlier this month, Japan’s top automaker said it would invest $10 billion in the United States over the next five years, the same as the previous five years. On Monday, Honda Motor Co Ltd and General Motors Co said they would jointly produce pollution-free hydrogen fuel cell power systems in the United States from around 2020. The companies said they would invest $85 million to add a production line at a GM battery plant in Brownstown, Michigan, and create 100 jobs. Boosting output in the United States, however, could force Japanese car makers to make tough decisions about reducing production - and jobs - back home. Central Japan Railway Company, or JR Tokai, has given the government estimates of how many jobs would be created by proposed high-speed Shinkansen railways in California and Texas and a high-tech “maglev” railway along the U.S. east coast, a JR Tokai spokeswoman said. She declined to release the figures. Abe, who is close to JR Tokai Chairman emeritus Yoshiyuki Kasai, has touted maglev or magnetic levitation as a “dream technology” that could link New York and Washington in under an hour. ",1
5836,Tech companies to meet on legal challenge to Trump immigration order,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A group of technology companies plans to meet on Tuesday to discuss filing an amicus brief in support of a lawsuit challenging U.S. President Donald Trump’s order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, said a spokesperson for a company organizing the gathering. The meeting is being called together by GitHub, which makes software development tools. Amicus, or friend of the court, briefs are filed by parties who are not litigants in a case but want to offer arguments or information to the judge. Alphabet Inc’s Google, Airbnb Inc and Netflix Inc are among the companies invited, a separate person familiar with the situation said. Representatives for Google and Netflix could not immediately be reached for comment. An Airbnb spokesman declined to comment. The technology sector has become the clearest corporate opponent to the ban announced last week. The industry depends on talent from around the world, and companies have been considering the best way to muster their resources, with efforts so far including statements condemning the move and financial support for organizations backing immigrants, such as the American Civil Liberties Union. The Trump administration says the rules will increase national safety and are well within its powers. Michal Rosenn, general counsel for fundraising company Kickstarter, which will be involved in a filing, said the effort began on Monday.   “We’re all very shaken. We’re shaken to see our neighbors and our families and our friends targeted in this way,” Rosenn said. “All of us are trying to think about what we can do.”   The discussions among the tech companies come after Amazon.com Inc and Expedia Inc filed declarations in court on Monday supporting a lawsuit filed by the Washington state attorney general. Amazon and Expedia said Trump’s order adversely impacts their business. A separate lawsuit challenging Trump’s order as unconstitutional was filed on Monday by the Council on American-Islamic Relations. If the tech companies decide to file an amicus brief as a group, it is unclear which case they would weigh in on. Other companies invited to meet include Adobe Systems Inc, AdRoll, Automattic Inc, Box Inc, Cloudera Inc, Cloudflare Inc, Docusign, Dropbox, Etsy Inc, Evernote Corp, Glu Mobile Inc, Lithium, Medium, Mozilla, Pinterest, reddit, Salesforce.com Inc, SpaceX, Stripe, Yelp Inc, and Zynga Inc, the source said. A representative for internet communications company Twilio confirmed it will be involved in filing an amicus brief.  Cloudflare Chief Executive Matthew Prince said the internet security company is willing to consider and sign an amicus brief. Denelle Dixon, chief legal and business officer for Mozilla, said the immigration order was “misplaced and damaging, to Mozilla, to the technology industry and to the country.”  Spokespeople for Box and AdRoll said they would attend the meeting. An Etsy spokeswoman said the company received Github’s invite but could not confirm if it would move forward with the group.  Salesforce declined to comment. Representatives for the other companies could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
5837,President Trump appoints Homan acting director of U.S. ICE,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday appointed Thomas Homan acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), the Department of Homeland Security said. Homan has served as the executive director of the ICE’s  enforcement and removal operations, leading its efforts to arrest and removal of undocumented immigrants since 2013, DHS Secretary John Kelly said in a statement.  Homan replaces Daniel Ragsdale as the acting director of ICE. Ragsdale remains deputy director at the agency where he has served for four years, ICE said in a Tweet. Kelly did not give a reason for the change in ICE leadership, only to say that Homan “will continue to serve as a strong, effective leader for the men and women of ICE.”  Also on Monday, Trump fired top federal government lawyer Sally Yates after she defied the White House and refused to defend new travel restrictions targeting seven Muslim-majority countries. The White House said that Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, was sworn in at 9 p.m. ET and would be acting U.S. attorney general until Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, who is awaiting Senate confirmation, is approved. ",1
5838,Mexico sees signs of U.S. change on wall payment,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - There are signs the U.S. government is taking a more flexible view of how to pay for its planned border wall with Mexico, and new meetings to craft future bilateral relations could take place soon, a top Mexican official said on Monday. Those ties were shaken last week when a planned summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was canceled after the American said it was better to forgo it if Mexico was unwilling to pay for the wall. Trump wants a wall on the U.S. southern border to keep out illegal immigrants and says Mexico will pay for it. Mexico has flatly refused, making the issue a point of national pride. Pena Nieto and Trump spoke by telephone to calm tensions on Friday, and Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said the two administrations were in close contact and would talk this week. “Dialogue has not broken off,” he said. “It’s an extraordinarily important relationship for Mexico.” While no date has been set for a new Pena Nieto-Trump summit, meetings between government officials are possible in the next few days, said Videgaray, who expressed confidence that the White House was modifying its view on payment of the wall. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said on Sunday that payment for the wall was still under discussion, mentioning the possibility of a border tax and other fiscal measures. “It could be on drug cartels,” Priebus added on CBS’ “Face the Nation.” “And it could be on people that are coming here illegally and paying fines. Or it could be all of the above.” While cautioning he had no details of what those plans could involve, Videgaray was heartened by the comments. “I think it’s a welcome sign, at least I interpret it that way, that we’re seeing the rhetoric is changing,” he said. The minister said “a very sizeable part” of the business done by drug gangs was in the United States. Trump has threatened to ditch the North American Free Trade Agreement binding Mexico, the United States and Canada, and Mexico’s government wants to defend its access to the U.S. market by bringing migration and security into discussions. In a separate video statement on Monday, Pena Nieto promised to better protect migrants north of the border, by channeling over 1 billion pesos ($48.16 million) into Mexican consulates in the United States.  The comments came after Videgaray said the country’s fresh steps to support Mexicans living in the United States were not aimed at obstructing law enforcement there.     Mexico announced some measures, such as expanding the availability of mobile consulate services to reach more migrants in November, after Trump’s surprise win. ($1 = 20.7630 Mexican pesos) ",1
5839,Trump to nominate Elaine Duke as Homeland Security deputy secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Elaine Duke as deputy secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the White House said on Monday. Duke served in senior roles in the department in the administrations of George W. Bush and Barack Obama, most recently as under secretary for management from 2008 to 2010.     ",1
5840,Republicans take first steps to kill Obama-era regulations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans on Monday continued their drive to loosen U.S. regulation, taking the first step to kill five Obama-era rules on corruption, the environment, labor and guns under the virtually untested Congressional Review Act.  The House Rules Committee sent to the full chamber three regulations enacted under former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, to ax. They were the Stream Protection Rule, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s “resource extraction rule,” and one on gun buying. Republicans put as much urgency on limiting what they consider over-regulation that stifles economic growth as they do on overhauling the tax code and dismantling the Affordable Care Act, according to House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy.  This is the first time the Republican-led House of Representatives has targeted specific rules since convening on Jan. 3. Earlier this month it passed bills to limit regulatory agencies and Republican President Donald Trump is cutting regulation through executive orders. Under the law, Congress can use simple majority votes to stop recent regulations in their tracks. Agencies cannot create a new rule to replace any part of an overturned regulation. Timing in the law means any rules enacted in the final months of Obama’s administration are eligible for axing. The law has been used effectively only once, in 2001. Both sides consider this week a test of its powers.  On Tuesday the Rules Committee will send two more regulations to the full chamber, which is expected to vote to kill all five on Wednesday and then hand them off to the Senate. Senate Republicans on Monday prepared to act quickly after the House vote, with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Environment Committee Chairman James Inhofe introducing companion measures on the stream and extraction rules. The Interior Department took years to craft the stream rule, hoping to prevent coal-mining waste from contaminating water sources in areas near mountain-top removal mining sites. Critics say it is unnecessary and goes too far, wiping out jobs and usurping state rights. The extraction rule is required in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, but was only approved six years later this summer. It requires companies such as Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) to state publicly how much they pay governments in taxes and other fees. Opponents say it hurts U.S. energy companies, while human rights groups argue it reduces corruption. Meanwhile, the gun rule requires extra scrutiny of purchasers who receive Social Security benefits and also have a history of mental illness. Liberal groups are outraged by the rollbacks, but their traditional allies, Democratic lawmakers, have limited means to stop them in the Republican-dominated Congress. Those on the Rules Committee said important protections were being rushed to the chopping block and pleaded for hearings on the regulations, to no avail. This week House Democrats and activists are planning to rally the public, hoping to persuade Republicans to vote no. Senate Democrats cannot filibuster the measures but congressional aides expect them to slow the process by taking the full five hours they are allowed to speak against each measure on the chamber’s floor. ",1
5841,Trump expected to sign cyber security executive order Tuesday: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order on cyber security on Tuesday, two sources familiar with the situation said, marking the first action to address what he has called a top priority of his administration. The order is expected to commission several different reviews of the government’s offensive and defensive cyber capabilities, according to one of the sources and a third briefed on a draft of the order that circulated last week. The move follows a presidential campaign that was dominated by running storylines related to cyber security, including the hacking and subsequent leaking of Democratic emails as part of what U.S. intelligence agencies determined was a wide-ranging influence operation intended to help Trump win the White House and denigrate his challenger, Democrat Hillary Clinton. For months Trump refused to accept the conclusions of the agencies that Russia was responsible, before stating at a press conference on January 11 that, “as far as hacking I think it was Russia.” In his answer, Trump, then the president-elect, pivoted to say that “we also get hacked by other countries, and other people” while vowing to launch a government-wide review of vulnerabilities to cyber attacks. The order is expected to also initiate a audit of several federal agencies’ cyber capabilities, seek input on how to improve protections for critical infrastructure, and review government efforts to attract and train a technically sophisticated workforce, according to two of the sources briefed on the draft, which was first published by the Washington Post. The draft order would also seek ways to give the private sector incentives to adopt strong security measures. ",1
5842,Acting U.S. attorney general says won't defend Trump's immigration order: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Acting U.S. Attorney General Sally Yates has told Justice Department lawyers not to defend President Donald Trump’s order temporarily banning travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, CNN reported on Monday, citing unnamed sources. Yates was named deputy attorney general by then-President Barack Obama in 2015 and asked to stay on as acting head of the Justice Department by Trump. ",1
5843,Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 30 at 6:25 PM EST/2325 GMT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Monday: Congressional Democrats and some foreign nations, including key U.S. allies, put pressure on Trump over his temporary ban on entry to America by refugees and people from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The Pentagon says it is making a list of Iraqis who worked alongside American troops. Democratic U.S. senators try to force a vote on a bill to rescind Trump’s order, but are blocked by a Republican lawmaker. Washington state announces a legal challenge to the ban and former President Barack Obama takes a swipe at his successor. The chief executives of Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Ford Motor Co join the criticism of Trump’s ban. Tens of thousands of people protest in London and other British cities against Trump’s ban. The United States should revoke “dangerous” new immigration measures, France’s foreign minister says during a visit to Tehran. The U.N. refugee agency voices alarm at Trump’s decision to suspend entry of refugees, saying this week alone 800 people set to make America their new home were barred. Trump says he will announce his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday night as he seeks to quickly put his stamp on the court by restoring its conservative majority, even as Democrats gear up for a Senate confirmation fight. Senate Democrats delayed the Senate Finance Committee’s vote on U.S. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin on Monday so they could protest against Trump’s order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority nations. The U.S. Senate advances the nomination of former Exxon Mobil Corp Chief Executive Rex Tillerson to be Trump’s secretary of state. Trump will amend his recent National Security Council reorganization to add the CIA to the group, the White House says, following criticism of the restructuring, which included the addition of political adviser Steve Bannon. Trump signs an order aimed at dramatically paring back federal regulations, but it will not apply to most of the financial reform rules introduced by the Obama administration. Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, condemns Iran after reports it conducted a ballistic missile test and says he will work with other lawmakers and Trump’s administration to hold Iran accountable.[nL1N1FK1VD Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet with Trump at the White House on Feb. 15, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer announces. Netanyahu says he plans to push Trump to renew sanctions against Iran. ",1
5844,Trump adding CIA back to National Security Council: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will amend his recent National Security Council reorganization to add the CIA to the group, the White House said on Monday. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the CIA had not been part of the national security forum since 2005, but he said Trump was making the change out of respect for Director Mike Pompeo and others at the agency. Susan Rice, President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, on Sunday tweeted to ask why the CIA was not part of the group. Trump was also criticized for adding chief strategist Steve Bannon, a political adviser, to the National Security Council. ",1
5845,Democrats set bills seeking to overturn Trump travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. senators tried to force a vote on a bill to rescind President Donald Trump’s order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority nations on Monday, but were blocked by a Republican lawmaker. Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said she had 27 co-sponsors of a bill to rescind the order Trump signed on Friday, but under Senate rules it takes only one member to prevent a vote. Republican Senator Tom Cotton blocked consideration of the measure. It would have faced a difficult fight for passage in the Senate, where Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a 52-48 seat majority. Trump’s directive on Friday put a 120-day hold on allowing refugees into the country, an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria and a 90-day bar on citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  The president argues that his action will protect Americans, but critics say it illegally singles out Muslims, violating U.S. law, and defiles America’s historic reputation as a welcoming place for immigrants. More than 160 Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives introduced legislation in that chamber to defund and rescind Trump’s order. But that measure is unlikely to advance in the House, where Republicans hold a 240-193 seat advantage, larger than their advantage in the Senate. ",1
5846,"Medical students, faculty rally to try to save Obamacare","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Hundreds of medical students and faculty members gathered at Northwestern University’s school of medicine in Chicago on Monday to voice their opposition to the dismantling of Obamacare.  The demonstration was part of a larger White Coats for Coverage effort organized by medical students across the country and came a day before the annual deadline to enroll in the Affordable Care Act (ACA), former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law.   “The ACA is not perfect, but pulling the rug out from under the feet of our most vulnerable patients is not the answer,” Dr. Bruce Henshaw, a faculty member at Northwestern’s Feinberg School of Medicine, told the group of around 600 people.  “We will not stand idly by as our patients lose their rights. We will not stop today. We will write and call our representatives to ensure this doesn’t happen.” Students organized the event. Northwestern University spokeswoman Marla Paul said the school had no official position on the issue.  Photos on social media showed students rallying at numerous universities and cities.  “Proud to join my Yale colleagues to collectively say #protectourpatients. Improve the ACA, DON’T repeal it,” Ryan Murphy, who shared photos of a rally at Yale University, said on Twitter.  Republican President Donald Trump’s first executive order, signed hours after taking office, directed the federal government to scale back regulations, taxes and penalties under the ACA. Republican Representative Tom Price, Trump’s nominee to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, has said an overhaul of Obamacare will initially focus on individual health plans sold through online exchanges and the Medicaid health insurance program for low-income Americans.  Trump has said he wants to keep some elements of the program, such as allowing young adults to be covered under their parents’ insurance. He favors plans that use health savings accounts and sale of insurance across state lines. More than 8.8 million Americans were signed up for 2017 coverage under the ACA through HealthCare.gov as of Jan. 14, according to the site, up from around 8.7 million sign-ups as of Jan. 14 last year.    Arturo Salow, a second year student at Northwestern from Miami, Florida, urged people to sign up for ACA coverage before Tuesday’s deadline, saying more enrollees would make a rollback more challenging for Republicans.  “I’d advise any patient to sign up immediately,” Salow said. “If they are going to take away coverage, let’s make it as difficult as possible.” ",1
5847,Travel ban protest delays Senate panel vote on Trump Treasury pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats delayed the Senate Finance Committee’s vote on U.S. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin on Monday so they could protest against President Donald Trump’s order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority nations. The panel will now vote on Mnuchin’s nomination on Tuesday at 10 a.m. EST (1500 GMT), Finance Committee Republican spokeswoman Julia Lawless said, calling Democrats’ objections to the scheduled Monday evening vote “irregular.” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer organized a candlelight protest on the steps of the Capitol to take place on Monday evening.  “This delay will allow members to protest the president’s unconstitutional ban on Muslims entering the United States while voting on Mr. Mnuchin’s nomination little more than 12 hours later,” said Rachel McCleery, a spokesperson for Senate Finance Committee Democrats. The move also could buy more time for some senators to reconsider their votes on Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive who later ran Southern California-based OneWest Bank. Senator Ron Wyden, the panel’s ranking Democrat, has sharply criticized Mnuchin’s handling of thousands of foreclosures by OneWest after he led a group of investors to buy failed mortgage lender IndyMac at the height of the recent financial crisis. Senator Mark Warner, another Democrat on the panel, on Monday announced he would vote against Mnuchin’s nomination. “Throughout the confirmation process, Mr. Mnuchin has failed to adequately demonstrate that he will be a forceful advocate for innovative policies that will make the U.S. economy work better for the majority of Americans,” Warner said in a statement, adding that he is not convinced that Mnuchin would robustly enforce post-crisis financial services restrictions. Republicans control a two-vote majority on the committee, so Democrats would need to persuade some Republicans to oppose Mnuchin to block the nomination. Nevada Republican Dean Heller, who faces a re-election campaign in 2018, subjected Mnuchin to tough questioning on OneWest’s foreclosures in Nevada during his confirmation hearing. A Heller spokesman did not immediately respond to questions about the senator’s voting plans. ",1
5848,"As Trump shifts immigration and foreign policies, State Department is silent","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department will not conduct its regular daily press briefing until a new secretary of state is confirmed, leaving the main U.S. agency responsible for dealing with the rest of the world silent amid the uproar over President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration. Trump on Friday announced a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and a temporary bar on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. The decision provoked a widespread backlash in foreign capitals, documented in cables U.S. embassies sent to Washington. Typically, in the aftermath of a major foreign policy shift, a State Department spokesperson would appear on camera within days to take questions from reporters and defend or explain the U.S. positions on different issues. The State Department has not briefed since the day before Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration, however, and on Monday a department spokesperson said no one will appear at the podium until the U.S. Senate confirms a new secretary of state. “At that point, we will update the press corps on our posture,” the spokesperson said. Trump’s desire to break with previous U.S. policies on issues including Israel’s construction of settlements, U.S. trade pacts, and cooperation with Russia suggests that State Department officials have not been given guidance on what positions they should articulate.     “Until you know what policy you’re advancing, it doesn’t do you any good to get out there,” said Richard Boucher, a former State Department spokesman who briefed reporters on the first weekday of the George W. Bush administration, in January 2001. “The decision not to brief is a simple admission that they don’t know what to say.” The Senate is due to vote on Monday on moving forward on confirming Rex Tillerson, the former Exxon Mobil Corp executive whom Trump has tapped to lead the State Department.   If as expected the Senate votes to advance his nomination, a final confirmation vote would most likely take place late on Tuesday. The lack of briefings this far into a new administration is a departure from the three previous inter-party transitions. In 1993, 2001, and 2009, State Department spokespeople briefed reporters no later than Jan. 23, according to briefing transcripts stored in online archives. In those three transitions, the new secretary of state was confirmed on or just after Jan. 20. ",1
5849,New York governor calls for amending state constitution for abortion rights,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Monday he would seek to ensure that women have access to late-term abortions in the state even if conservatives on the U.S. Supreme Court remove federal legal guarantees in place since the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling.  Cuomo, a Democrat who is considered a potential candidate for his party’s 2020 presidential nomination, proposed an amendment to the New York Constitution that he said would preserve the status quo regardless of future Supreme Court rulings.  President Donald Trump, the Republican who took office on Jan. 20, plans to announce a nominee to the Supreme Court on Tuesday. That person, if confirmed, is expected to restore the court’s conservative majority after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in 2016. The high court ruled four decades ago that the U.S. Constitution protects the right of a woman to have an abortion until the point of viability.  The court defined that as when the fetus “has the capability of meaningful life outside the mother’s womb,” generally at about 24 weeks into pregnancy.  The court also recognized a right to abortion after viability if necessary to protect the woman’s life or health. If the Supreme Court were to overrule Roe v. Wade, as abortion opponents have long hoped, the procedure would remain legal only where state laws allow it.  In New York, a state law that dates to 1970 legalized abortion up to 24 weeks of pregnancy, and afterward only if the woman’s life is at stake, with no exception for health. The law is not enforced but could be if Roe v. Wade were overruled, abortion advocates say.  The state’s law was “revolutionary back in the day because it legalized abortion before Roe v. Wade, but is now unchanged,” Donna Lieberman, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, said in an interview this month. “The state law is not as protective as Roe,” she said.  Dennis Poust, a spokesman for the New York State Catholic Conference, which opposes abortion, predicted that Cuomo’s proposal would fail. “How many abortions are enough?” he said in a statement, noting New York’s high rate of abortions. “No one can credibly claim that access to abortion is under any threat in New York.” There were 29.6 abortions per 1,000 women in New York in 2014, compared to 14.6 abortions per 1,000 women nationally, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a nonprofit group that supports abortion rights. Cuomo told a Planned Parenthood rally in Albany, New York, on Monday that women’s rights were under attack in Washington. “As they threaten this nation with a possible Supreme Court nominee who will reverse Roe v. Wade,” Cuomo said, according to a transcript provided by his office. “We’re going to protect Roe v. Wade in the State of New York.” New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman issued a legal opinion in September making clear that federal court rulings supersede the state’s 1970 law. For a constitutional amendment to succeed in New York, majorities in the legislature must approve it twice, in successive terms, and voters must approve it.  Republicans control the New York Senate, although it is possible some Republicans might support such an amendment if pressured by constituents who favor abortion rights, said Costas Panagopoulos, a political scientist at New York’s Fordham University.  Opposition to Trump may galvanize liberals into being aggressive, Panagopoulos said. “People are scared, and that might compel them to action in a way that different circumstances might have them sitting on the sidelines,” he said.  For years, states have planned for a day when the Supreme Court might overrule Roe v. Wade. Some 19 states have laws that could restrict abortion in that event, while seven have laws that would still guarantee the right to an abortion, according to the Guttmacher Institute. ",1
5850,Trump set to name U.S. high court pick as Democrats plan fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said he will announce his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday as he looks to quickly put his stamp on the court by restoring its conservative majority, even as Democrats geared up for a Senate confirmation fight. Trump, set to fill the lingering vacancy on the nation’s highest court left by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016, said on Monday he will reveal his choice at the White House at 8 p.m. on Tuesday (0100 GMT on Wednesday), two days earlier than previously planned. Three conservative U.S. appeals court judges appointed to the bench by Republican former President George W. Bush were among those under close consideration. They are: Neil Gorsuch, a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Thomas Hardiman, who serves on the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; and William Pryor, a judge on the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Since Scalia’s death, the Supreme Court has been ideologically split with four conservatives and four liberals. Another conservative justice could be pivotal in cases involving abortion, gun, religious and transgender rights, the death penalty and other contentious matters. Trump’s appointee to the lifetime post could face stiff opposition from Democrats in the Republican-led U.S. Senate, which must confirm nominees to the high court. Some liberal groups have urged Democrats to do everything possible to block Trump’s nominee. Democrats remain furious over Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s refusal last year to allow the Senate to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nomination of appeals court Judge Merrick Garland for the vacant seat, an action with little precedent in U.S. history. Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon vowed to pursue a procedural hurdle called a filibuster for Trump’s nominee, meaning 60 votes would be needed in the 100-seat Senate unless its long-standing rules are changed. Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a 52-48 majority, meaning some Democratic votes would be needed. “This is the seat that Mitch McConnell and team have stolen from President Obama. I won’t be complicit in this theft,” Merkley said in a statement. “We need to fight this Constitution-shredding gambit with everything we’ve got.” On the Senate floor, McConnell had words of warning for Democrats, saying senators should respect Trump’s election victory and give the nominee “careful consideration followed by an up-or-down vote,” not a filibuster. Trump, who took office on Jan. 20, said last week he would favor Senate Republicans eliminating the filibuster, a move dubbed the “nuclear option,” for Supreme Court nominees if Democrats block his pick. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said of Democratic opposition: “It’s all about politics. It’s not about qualifications. The president has a right to have his nominees taken up.” While not identifying the nominee, Spicer referred to the pick as “he” and said the selection came from the list of about 20 jurists recommended by conservative legal groups. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said this month it is hard to imagine Trump picking a nominee who Democrats could support, adding he would “absolutely” fight to keep the seat vacant rather than let the Senate confirm a nominee deemed to be outside the mainstream. Gorsuch, 49; Hardiman, 54; and Pryor, 51, possess strong conservative credentials. Gorsuch joined an opinion in 2013 saying that owners of private companies can object on religious grounds to a provision of the Obamacare health insurance law requiring employers to provide coverage for birth control for women. Gorsuch’s mother headed the Environmental Protection Agency under Republican President Ronald Reagan before quitting under pressure in 1983. Hardiman has embraced a broad interpretation of the U.S. Constitution’s right to bear arms and has backed the right of schools to restrict student speech. Gun rights activists are eager for the Supreme Court to expand on a 2008 ruling that found for the first time that there is an individual right to bear arms for self-defense in the home.  Pryor has been an outspoken critic of the court’s 1973 landmark Roe v. Wade ruling legalizing abortion, calling it “the worst abomination of constitutional law in our history.” Conservatives are hoping the high court will back restrictions imposed on the procedure by some Republican-governed states. Last year, the Supreme Court issued its strongest endorsement of abortion rights in more than two decades, striking down a Texas abortion law imposing strict regulations on doctors and facilities in a 5-3 ruling. Pryor also joined a 2011 ruling favoring a transgender woman who said she was fired when she transitioned from male to female. The Supreme Court during its current term is due to decide a major transgender rights case for the first time. The justices have not yet heard arguments in the case, in which a Virginia public school district is fighting to prevent a female-born transgender high school student from using the boys’ bathroom. ",1
5851,U.S. diplomats circulate memo critical of immigration order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. State Department officials on Monday circulated a draft memo criticizing President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration, prompting a retort from the White House that they should “get with the program or they can go.” The order, which Trump issued on Friday, banned immigration from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, and temporarily halted the entry of refugees. Chaos broke out as border, customs, and immigration officials struggled to act on the directive amid loud protests at major U.S. airports. The draft memo in the “dissent channel,” through which dissenting views are sent to the secretary of state and other top department officials, argued the policy would be counterproductive and damage America’s image abroad.  “The end result of this ban will not be a drop in terror attacks in the United States; rather it will be a drop in international good will towards Americans and a threat towards our economy,” said the draft memo seen by Reuters. The document argued the policy would sour relations with the  affected countries, inflame anti-American sentiment, and hurt those who seek to visit the United States for humanitarian reasons such as medical care. “Moreover, such a policy runs counter to core American values of nondiscrimination, fair play, and extending a warm welcome to foreign visitors and immigrants,” it added. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said he was aware of the memo and thought media reporting on the executive order had been “blown way out of proportion and exaggerated.” “These career bureaucrats have a problem with it? I think that they should either get with the program or they can go,” he told reporters at his daily briefing. Acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner, however, called the dissent channel an “important” vehicle to convey alternative views that Acting Secretary of State Thomas Shannon and the department as a whole “value and respect.” Separately, U.S. officials said the department had received multiple cables from U.S. embassies over the weekend reporting foreign dismay at Trump’s executive order. Host countries expressed unhappiness, and U.S. embassies have questioned how to implement what homeland security and other officials said was a poorly conceived policy. A cable from the U.S. embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, the country with the world’s largest Muslim population, reported     Indonesians had taken to social media to express “outrage,” and cited the order as “an example of the Islamophobia of the new administration,” said a U.S. official, reading from the cable. A cable from the U.S. embassy in Khartoum said Sudanese businessmen worried the new order would hurt “their ability to attract U.S. business to Sudan in the wake of the lifting of U.S. sanctions a week earlier,” the official said. The Obama administration took steps on Jan. 13 to lift a 20-year-old trade embargo against Sudan, unfreeze assets, and remove financial sanctions in what it said was a response to the country’s assistance in fighting Islamic State and other extremist groups. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad said many Iraqis viewed the order “as an affront to Iraq’s national pride (in a part of the world where pride and honor are often considered more important than concrete signs of support),” the U.S. official said, quoting from the embassy cable. Iraq, which is allied with the United States in the battle against the Islamic State extremist group and hosts more than 5,000 U.S. troops, had no immediate comment on the order. The cable said there were 7,000 U.S. contractors associated with the U.S. mission in Iraq, 2,000 of whom are regular passport holders who could be affected if Iraq retaliated with reciprocal steps, the official said. Asked about the cables, a State Department spokesperson said: “We will not comment on internal communications.” ",1
5852,Global backlash grows against Trump's immigration order,"BAGHDAD/CAIRO (Reuters) - A global backlash against U.S. President Donald Trump’s immigration curbs gathered strength on Sunday as several countries including long-standing American allies criticized the measures as discriminatory and divisive. Governments from London and Berlin to Jakarta and Tehran spoke out against Trump’s order to put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily ban travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries. He said the move would help protect Americans from terrorism.  In Germany - which has taken in large numbers of people fleeing the Syrian civil war - Chancellor Angela Merkel said the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for the measures and “does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion”, her spokesman said. She expressed her concerns to Trump during a phone call and reminded him that the Geneva Conventions require the international community to take in war refugees on humanitarian grounds, the spokesman added. Merkel’s sentiments were echoed in Paris and London; “Terrorism knows no nationality. Discrimination is no response,” said French Foreign minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, while his British counterpart Boris Johnson tweeted: “Divisive and wrong to stigmatize because of nationality.”  Along with Syria, the U.S. ban of at least 90 days affects travelers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, including those with dual nationality that includes one of those countries.  Trump said his order, which indefinitely bans refugees from Syria, was “not a Muslim ban”, though he added he would seek to prioritize Christian refugees fleeing the country.  The Arab League - whose members include many of the countries included in the ban as well as allies of Washington such as Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Jordan - expressed deep concern and said the restrictions were unjustified. The government in Iraq, which is allied with Washington in the battle against ultra-hardline Islamist group Islamic State and hosts over 5,000 U.S. troops, did not comment on the executive order.  But some members of its parliament said Baghdad should retaliate with similar measures against the United States.  In Baghdad, influential Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said American nationals should leave Iraq, in retaliation for the travel curbs. “It would be arrogance for you to enter freely Iraq and other countries while barring to them the entrance to your country ... and therefore you should get your nationals out,” he said on his website.   There was no immediate reaction to the curbs from Islamic State, although in the past it has used U.S. monitoring of Muslim foreigners to stoke Muslim anger against Washington. The Tehran government vowed to respond in kind to the U.S. ban on visitors from Iran, but on Sunday Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Twitter that Americans who already hold Iranian visas can enter the country. “Unlike the U.S., our decision is not retroactive. All with valid Iranian visa will be gladly welcomed,” Zarif said. Authorities in Sudan, which is also targeted by the ban, summoned the U.S. charge d’affaires in Khartoum. They said the order sent a “negative message”, coming two weeks after Washington announced it would ease economic sanctions on the country. Trump’s executive order on Friday took effect immediately, wreaking havoc and confusion for would-be travelers with passports from the seven countries and plunging America’s immigration system into chaos.       The Department of Homeland Security said about 375 travelers had been affected by the order, 109 of whom were in transit and were denied entry to the United States. Another 173 were stopped by airlines before boarding. Fuad Sharef, his wife and three children were among the first victims. They had waited two years for a visa to settle in the United States, selling their home and quitting jobs and schools in Iraq before setting off for a new life they saw as a reward for working with U.S. organizations. They were prevented from boarding their connecting flight to New York from Cairo airport on Saturday, detained overnight and forced to board a flight back to northern Iraq.  “We were treated like drug dealers, escorted by deportation officers,” Sharef told Reuters, likening Trump’s decision to the dictatorship of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. “I am broken, I am totally broken.” A 32-year-old Syrian man, Nail Zain, was among dozens of people at Istanbul’s Ataturk Airport prevented from flying to the United States on Sunday. He told Reuters he was supposed to fly to Los Angeles, but officials said his visa was canceled. “My wife and my son are in the United States. My son has American nationality. And we have been waiting for this moment for two years. Finally when I got the chance, they prevented me as a Syrian passport holder from traveling,” he said.  He was later taken out of the terminal by authorities. Trump, a businessman who successfully tapped into American fears about militant attacks during his campaign, had promised what he called “extreme vetting” of immigrants and refugees from areas the White House said the U.S. Congress deemed high risk.  He said on Saturday of his order: “It’s working out very nicely. You see it at the airports, you see it all over.”      The travel curbs, however, also drew criticism from several other countries around the globe.  In Jakarta, Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said the Muslim-majority nation deeply regretted Trump’s plans for “extreme vetting” of people from some Muslim countries. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said “open society, plural identity, no discrimination” were the “pillars of Europe”, while the Danish, Swedish and Norwegian governments also registered their opposition. Danish foreign minister Anders Samuelsen tweeted: “The U.S. decision not to allow entry of people from certain countries is NOT fair.”  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his country welcomed those fleeing war and persecution, even as Canadian airlines said they would turn back U.S.-bound passengers to comply with an immigration ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries. “To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength #WelcomeToCanada,” he tweeted. ",1
5853,Ireland to review U.S. customs pre-clearance at Irish airports,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland will conduct a complete review of U.S. customs pre-clearance arrangements at its airports following the concern caused by President Donald Trump’s curbs on immigration, the government said on Monday. Ireland’s Dublin and Shannon airports are among a handful of locations outside North America where passengers can clear customs and immigration before traveling to the United States under an international agreement between the two governments.  Pre-clearance duties are carried out by U.S. officials who have been carrying out the four-month hold Trump put on allowing refugees into the United States and temporary barring of travelers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Yemen, Libya, Somalia and Sudan, the U.S. Embassy in Dublin said. “I have asked for a complete review of the pre-clearance facilities here in Ireland. I would say that pre-clearance has been of enormous convenience, so these are issues that we are happy to negotiate upon,” Prime Minister Enda Kenny told a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May. In a statement, the government added that “there is obviously concern” about the change in the U.S. immigration rules introduced by the new administration, and that Dublin had contacted the U.S. government about the matter. The Irish government wants to convene a meeting as soon as possible to discuss the recent developments, the statement said. There has so far been one case where a person was refused pre-clearance to the United States at either airport, a spokesman for the department of transport said. Kenny also said that he intended to accept the annual St. Patrick’s Day invitation of the Irish Prime Minister to meet the U.S. president in the White House despite disagreeing with Trump’s immigration policies. Like May, who has faced calls to cancel an invitation for a state visit to Trump, some members of parliament have said Kenny should not visit the White House and almost 35,000 people signed an online petition saying that if he did meet Trump on the Irish national holiday, he would not do so in their names.  “I intend to accept the invitation ... I think it is really important to say face to face with the president the issues that are really important to us. We have had great influence in the U.S. over the years. We still have that influence and we intend to use it,” Kenny said. “In respect to the policies introduced by the American government, I disagree with it. Obviously I will say that to the president and the vice president when I meet with them.” ",1
5854,Israel PM Netanyahu to meet with Trump on Feb 15: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet with President Donald Trump on Feb. 15 for talks covering a range of security issues, the White House said on Monday. “Our relationship with the only democracy in the Middle East is crucial to the security of both our nations, and the president looks forward to discussing continued strategic, technological, military and intelligence cooperation with the prime minister,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters as he announced the visit. ",1
5855,Israel's Netanyahu says he will push Trump on Iran sanctions,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday he planned to push U.S. President Donald Trump to renew sanctions against Iran during a visit to Washington next month, complaining that Iran had once more tested a ballistic missile. Netanyahu has been harshly critical of the deal that six world powers including the United States under president Barack Obama struck with Iran to curb its nuclear program in return for an end to multilateral sanctions. Iran is Israel’s avowed enemy and Israel argues that the agreement fails to prevent Iranian weapons posing a threat to its very existence. During the U.S. election campaign, Trump called the pact a “disaster” and “the worst deal ever negotiated”, though he has also said it would be hard to overturn an agreement enshrined in a U.N. resolution. In a statement on his personal Twitter account, around the same time the White House announced his Feb. 15 visit, Netanyahu said: “Iran again launched a ballistic missile. This is a flagrant violation of a Security Council Resolution.” A U.S. official said on Monday that Iran had test-fired a medium-range ballistic missile on Sunday, which exploded after 630 miles. “In my upcoming meeting with President Trump I intend to bring up the renewal of sanctions against Iran,” Netanyahu said. “Iran’s aggression cannot be left without a response.”  The Obama administration said Iran’s ballistic missile tests had not violated the nuclear agreement, but Trump has said he will stop Tehran’s missile program. Under the U.N. resolution approving the nuclear deal, Iran is “called upon” to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons for up to eight years. Critics of the deal have said the language is ambiguous and does not make compliance obligatory, while Tehran says the missiles it has tested are not specifically designed to carry nuclear warheads.  This month, Iranian lawmakers approved plans to increase military spending, including expanding the long-range missile program. ",1
5856,Obama says disagrees with discrimination based on religion: spokesman,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. President Barack Obama is heartened by the political activism he sees across the country and disagrees with discrimination against people based on their religion, a spokesman said on Monday. Kevin Lewis, a spokesman for Obama, said the former president who left office 10 days ago “fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.” “Citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake,” Lewis said. He said Obama was “heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country.” ",1
5857,"Pence, Jordan's Abdullah discuss Islamic State, Syria, U.S. embassy in Israel: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Jordan’s King Abdullah on Monday discussed a range of issues from speeding up the fight against Islamic State, the crisis in Syria, and efforts to reach an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians, the White House said. Abdullah, the first Arab leader to hold talks with the new administration, also raised the issue of potential changes to the U.S. embassy in Israel, the White House said in a statement.  President Donald Trump is expected to greet Abdullah at a prayer event in Washington on Thursday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer separately told reporters in a daily briefing.  ",1
5858,White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House confirmed on Monday that a new executive order to slash regulations will not apply to independent regulatory agencies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, a spokeswoman said. President Donald Trump complained about the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law in a meeting with small business owners, in which he referred to the law as a “disaster.” He made his remarks shortly before signing the executive order. However, most of the regulators tasked with writing rules and implementing Dodd-Frank are independent, and therefore are not covered by the order. (This story corrects to say the president made his remarks about Dodd-Frank shortly before the signing of the executive order, not during the signing) ",1
5859,Iraq asks Trump administration to 'reconsider' travel ban,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq has asked the United States to reconsider the travel ban on its citizens, the foreign ministry said on Monday, taking a more diplomatic line than the Iraqi parliament which had demanded the government “retaliate”.     “It is necessary that the new American administration reconsider this wrong decision,” the foreign ministry said in a statement. Noting their cooperation in fighting the Islamic State group, the statement added: “We affirm Iraq’s desire to strengthen the strategic partnership between the two countries.” By executive order on Friday, President Donald Trump banned U.S. entry for people from seven Muslim-majority countries – Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen – and temporarily halted the admission of refugees. ",1
5860,U.N. refugee agency hopes resettlement resumes soon to U.S.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations refugee agency voiced alarm on Monday at U.S.  President Donald Trump’s decision to suspend entry of refugees, saying that this week alone 800 people set to make America their new home had been barred, causing anxiety and heartbreak. An estimated 20,000 refugees in “precarious circumstances” would have been resettled to the United States during the 120 days covered by the suspension announced last Friday, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement. “Refugees are anxious, confused and heartbroken at this suspension in what is already a lengthy process,” it said. “Those accepted for resettlement by the United States, after a rigorous U.S. security screening process, are coming to rebuild their lives in safety and dignity. UNHCR hopes that they will be able to do so as soon as possible,” it said. ",1
5861,Pentagon making list of Iraqis who worked alongside U.S. forces after travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon was creating a list of Iraqis who had worked alongside U.S. troops, which will be passed to agencies implementing President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting entry for people from Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries, a spokesman said on Monday.  A Pentagon spokesman, Navy Captain Jeff Davis, said that over the weekend the White House had “provided the opportunity” to submit names. “There are a number of people in Iraq who have worked for us in a partnership role, whether fighting alongside us or working as translators, often doing so at great peril to themselves,” Davis told reporters.   “We are ensuring that those who have demonstrated their commitment tangibly to fight alongside us and support us, that those names are known in whatever process there is going forward,” he added. It was unclear when the list would be complete and how many names it would include. Trump’s order suspending travel, which he signed on Friday, sparked anger in Iraq, where more than 5,000 U.S. troops are deployed to help Iraqi and regional Kurdish forces in the war against the Islamic State militant group. Iraq asked the United States on Monday to reconsider the travel ban on its citizens, taking a more diplomatic line than the Iraqi parliament, which demanded the government retaliate.  The Iraqi parliament called on the government to impose “similar treatment” on U.S. nationals. ",1
5862,"U.S. will change course on climate policy, says former EPA transition head","LONDON (Reuters) - The United States will switch course on climate change and pull out of a global pact to cut emissions, said Myron Ebell, who headed U.S. President Donald Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) transition team until his inauguration. Ebell is the director of global warming and international environmental policy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a  U.S. conservative think tank, and helped to guide the EPA’s transition after Trump was elected in November until he was sworn in on Jan. 20. Trump, a climate skeptic, campaigned on a pledge to boost the U.S. oil and gas drilling and coal mining industries by reducing regulation. He alarmed nations that backed the 2015 Paris agreement to cut greenhouse gases by pledging to pull the United States out of the global deal agreed by nearly 200 countries. However, Trump told the New York Times in November that he had an “open mind” on the agreement. Trump’s administration has asked the EPA to halt all contracts, grants and interagency agreements pending a review, sources said. “The U.S. will clearly change its course on climate policy. Trump has made it clear he will withdraw from the Paris Agreement. He could do it by executive order tomorrow or he could do it as part of a larger package,” Ebell told reporters in London on Monday. The top energy official for the European Union, meanwhile, said he hoped that Trump would stick to the Paris deal. “I wouldn’t hide that in discussion with our partners; there is a lot of anxiety over future U.S. policies,” said European Commission Vice President Maros Sefcovic, who was a key broker in clinching Paris agreement. “If the (U.S) administration decides to go in a different direction, I think sooner or later they will have to come back to the realization that climate change is happening.”     The timing of any action by Trump is difficult to predict because government departments are still in transition, Ebell said, adding that he had not met Trump in person.  Any country wanting to pull out of the Paris agreement after ratifying it has to wait four years. A source on Trump’s transition team said last year that there were speedier alternatives, such as sending a letter withdrawing from the 1992 international framework accord that is the parent treaty of the agreement; voiding U.S. involvement in both in a year’s time; or issuing a presidential order simply deleting the U.S. signature from the Paris accord. Ebell said the “cleanest way” would be to withdraw from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change itself. “Whether the U.N. secretariat wants the U.S. to continue to have a seat at the table is up to them. I don’t think Trump cares about that. The people who elected him would prefer not to have a seat at the table,” Ebell said. Trump appointed Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, who has led 14 lawsuits against the EPA, as the agency’s administrator, though a vote on his nomination has not been scheduled. The President has also drawn heavily from the energy industry lobby and pro-drilling think tanks to build its landing team for the EPA, according to a list of the newly introduced 10-member team seen by Reuters on Monday. Ebell also said he thought the political make-up of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which reviews applications for the construction and operation of natural gas pipelines, will change dramatically under Trump. “Given the way the campaign went, I think you will see very quick executive action to expedite LNG (liquefied natural gas) terminals and pipelines,” he said. ",1
5863,"Jihadists mock Trump travel ban, vow more attacks","CAIRO (Reuters) - Supporters of Islamic State mocked U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to deny entry to citizens of seven Muslim- majority countries, saying it would fail to stop attacks in the United States and help win new militant recruits instead.  “Your decision will do nothing. Attacks will come at you from inside America, from Americans born in America with American parents and grandparents,” one Islamic State supporter posted on Telegram, an encrypted messaging app. In a move he said would help protect the United States from terrorists, Trump signed an order on Friday suspending the entry of people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days. Admission of all refugees was halted for four months, and for Syrians indefinitely. The sweeping travel curbs took effect immediately, wreaking havoc for would-be travellers with passports from the seven countries and prompting an international outcry. Islamic State, which has been fighting military assaults on several fronts in its heartlands of northern Syria and Iraq, has made no formal comment on Trump’s ban. But some sympathisers took to social media to pour scorn on immigration restrictions they said would serve Islamic State’s cause.  “Trump bans Muslims from entering America and kills them in Yemen, Iraq and Syria, then threatens them ... the wretch does not know he presents an invaluable service to Islamic State,” a supporter calling himself Salem al-Mosuly wrote on Twitter.  An Islamist channel on the messaging app Telegram called “Scholars of Haq”, monitored by U.S. monitoring service SITE, asked whether Trump’s policies meant he was currently the best “caller to Islam” - someone who attracts new believers. Of the first 48 users to respond, 34 answered that he was, according to SITE. SITE quoted one respondent, Abu Magrebi, as saying: “What Trump has done has clearly revealed the truth, and harsh reality behind the American government’s hatred towards Muslims.” “What is Trump doing to his country? He just become president and already people (are) protesting against his policy, and worldwide countries criticising him. Trump will bring American down God willing,” Abu Magrebi wrote in another post monitored by SITE. By Monday morning, the Scholars of Haq channel had been taken down, along with several other channels on which Islamist militants had posted responses on Sunday. Other Islamic State supporters mocked an order issued by Trump on Sunday requiring his joint chiefs of staff give him a plan, in the next 30 days, to defeat the militant group.   “The Crusader Trump has made himself an unthinking Pharaoh. The despicable Crusader forgets the reckless utterances of Bush Junior and the mule Obama before him. They did not succeed and by the grace of God we will rub his nose in the mud as we did his predecessors,” wrote user Turjman Al Asawirti on Telegram. ",1
5864,"Trump needs to accept waterboarding is prohibited torture, U.N. specialist says","GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump needs to acknowledge that the extreme interrogation technique known as waterboarding is torture and therefore absolutely prohibited, the U.N. special rapporteur on torture said on Monday. “Without any doubt, waterboarding amounts to torture,” Nils Melzer said in a statement, adding that a U.S. revival of torture would be catastrophic because other countries would also “get back into the torture business”. “I urgently appeal to President Trump to carefully consider not only U.S. legal obligations, doctrine and tradition, but also the consolidated legal and moral views of the entire international community before allowing the re-introduction of methods or interrogation that are more closely associated with barbarism than with civilization,” he said. Waterboarding, in which a victim is subjected to simulated drowning to force them to confess or divulge information, was used by the CIA on three suspected militants detained in secret foreign prisons during President George W. Bush’s administration. But the technique was denounced as torture by President Barack Obama, other top officials, lawmakers and human rights groups. The U.S. Senate also voted to ban it in 2015. Trump said last week, however, he feels waterboarding works but he will defer to Defense Secretary James Mattis, who does not “necessarily believe” such techniques work. ",1
5865,Iranian students feel robbed of their American dreams,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The new U.S. immigration curbs have cast uncertainty over the futures of thousands of Iranian students in the United States, with many losing hope of being able to finish their studies or find a job in the country.   President Donald Trump’s executive order bans travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries including Iran for three months, and there is little certainty of what will happen after that. Many of the students have spent their families’ life savings to pay for an American higher education, which they hope will be a ticket to a well-paid job in the West or Iran.   Now they fear if they leave the country, they will not be allowed back in. They also do not know what status they will have after the three months are up, and whether they will be allowed to study, live or work in the United States.  Amin Amouhadi, 32, studies at the University of Georgia. His girlfriend, who is also Iranian, is about to finish her PhD in Canada. “We were planning to get married in a month and move in together but the current ban and its possible consequences have put the future of all our plans in jeopardy,” he told Reuters. “I might quit my PhD program, (and) try to find a university in Canada to apply for. I can’t think of any other plan.” The United States is the most popular destination for Iranians studying abroad, despite decades of hostility between the two countries. The trend goes right to the top; Iranian President Hassan Rouhani’s cabinet boasts more U.S. doctorates than did the cabinet of Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama.   About 8,700 Iranian students were at U.S. universities in 2014, a fifth of the estimated 50,000 Iranians studying abroad, according to the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. More than 3,000 Iranian students have received PhDs from American universities in the past three years, over 7,000 U.S. academics including 40 Nobel Laureates said in a petition against the order signed by Trump on Friday. They said the ban could lead to the departure of many talented individuals.  Mohammadreza Jalaeipour, a post-doctorate student at Harvard University, has canceled a study visit to Oxford University in Britain because he was afraid he would not be able to return. The 34-year-old said he was not hopeful of extending his studies in another American university or receiving a visa for a job in the United States. “This discriminatory and inhumane order is targeted to harm Iranian society. It shows that the U.S. government is dishonest when it says they have no problem with the Iranian people and they are only against the Iranian government,” he said. Medical students could be among the hardest hit. Roozbeh Esfandiari is an Iranian who studied medicine in the United States before gaining a job as a researcher at Harris County psychiatric center in Houston.  He said U.S. medicine school qualifications could not be easily transferred to other countries, so it would be a major blow for Iranian graduates if they were unable to work in the United States after several years of study.   “This news (Trump’s order) is a headache for Iranian doctors applying for residency,” he said. The Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates said on its website that it was aware of the executive order and was evaluating the potential impact on international medical students and graduates.   Even before Trump’s order, the road to American higher education has always been a tough one for Iranians. Since there is no U.S. embassy in Iran, students must travel to embassies or consulates in other countries to apply, which can cost them thousands of dollars. Student visas can take many months to secure. Because of security concerns, Iranians can face background stiff checks. Zahra Razavi, a computer science student at the University of Rochester, said her husband had applied for a U.S. visa several times under the Obama administration, with no success. The Trump order has crushed their lingering hopes of living together in the United States, she added. “This disaster has caused depression and deep anxiety in me. It’s impossible to continue this way. I have no choice but to say goodbye to my dreams and quit my studies.” Shirin Sajadi, an Iranian psychotherapist in Boston, wants to help shell-shocked students from her homeland by offering them free psychotherapy sessions.  “There’s a sense of facing crisis and the need to make sense of the chaos surrounding us,” she told Reuters.  “Many immigrants have come to this country when they had nothing but hope for a better life. They’ve worked hard, played by the rules and hoped to succeed. But now that hope is gone.” ",1
5866,Trump's heartland voters shrug off global uproar over immigration ban," (This version of the Jan 29 story has been corrected to show former Senate Republican leader Trent Lott is from Mississippi not Missouri) By Laila Kearney (Reuters) - Many of President Donald Trump’s core political supporters had a simple message on Sunday for the fiercest opponents of his immigration ban: Calm down.  The relaxed reaction among the kind of voters who drove Trump’s historic upset victory - working- and middle-class residents of Midwest and the South - provided a striking contrast to the uproar that has gripped major coastal cities, where thousands of protesters flocked to airports where immigrants had been detained. In the St. Louis suburb of Manchester, Missouri, 72-year-old Jo Ann Tieken characterized the president as bringing reason into an overheated debate.  “Somebody has to stand up, be the grown up and see what we can do better to check on people coming in,” she said. “I’m all for everybody to stop and take a breath … Just give it a chance.”  By executive order on Friday, Trump banned immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries – Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen – and temporarily halted the entry of refugees. In the electoral strongholds for Trump, residents seemed nonplussed about the uproar flashing across their television screens. They shrugged off concerns about botched execution, damage to foreign relations and legal challenges across the country.  In New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco and other cities, Trump’s action set off an outpouring of anger.  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat from California, evoked an image of the Statue of Liberty weeping. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York teared up himself on camera as he seethed over the “mean-spirited and un-American” immigration ban. Veterans in government agencies, including the Homeland Security and State departments, blasted Trump’s team for what they called slipshod planning and scant interagency communication, criticism the White House rejected.  At airports, security officials also struggled to consistently enforce vague rules.  But allegations of operational or administrative blunders may do little to dampen enthusiasm for a president who rose to power on a populist and protectionist platform, political analysts said.  Louise Ingram, a 69-year-old retiree from Troy, Alabama, said she forgave the new administration a few “glitches,” such as widespread confusion over treatment of green card holders, as it moved to protect U.S. citizens from attacks. “I’m not opposed to immigrants,” she said. “I just want to make sure they are safe to come in.”  A senior Trump administration official said political considerations had little to do with the executive orders. They rather represent a reaction to the 2015 mass shooting in San Bernardino, California; the Boston Marathon bombing; and multiple attacks by radicalized groups in Europe.  “The reality is that the situation that exists today in parts of France, Germany and parts of Belgium is not a situation that we want replicated inside the United States,” one official told Reuters. Candace Wheater, a 60-year-old retired school cafeteria worker from Spring Lake, Michigan, also referenced the attacks in Brussels and Paris.  “Look at what’s happening in Europe,” she said. “I don’t dare travel there, out of fear.” Steve Hirsch, 63, from Manassas, Virginia, drove to Washington’s Dulles airport on Sunday to pick somebody up, rather than to protest as hundreds of others did. He said he supported Trump’s order. “A country is not a country if it doesn’t have borders,” he added. He lauded Trump’s actions as a calculated step toward the larger goal of tightening border security. “He probably went as far as he thought he could,” Hirsch said. “You can’t ban everybody in the world, but I think it’s prudent considering the conditions in certain places in the world.” Trent Lott, a former Senate Republican leader from Mississippi who is now a lawyer in Washington, D.C., said the orders made sense to “working-class Americans in the real world.”  “Out in the rest of the country, people are excited to see the president moving forward with securing the border,” he said. University of Virginia political science professor Larry Sabato agreed that the weekend protests over the executive orders would not hurt Trump politically. “His base is as firm as ever,” he said. “What he’s lost in the very early polls is the Republicans who were never Trumpers and ended up voting for Trump.” Trump opponents have succeeded in winning some early court decisions that could undermine the practical impact of his executive orders, but Sabato said his base would perceive those as attacks from liberal elites.  Trump could eventually lose support if he fails to keep promises important to regions that supported him, such as delivering jobs to the so-called Rust Belt, the Midwestern states dotted by dying factory towns.  Whatever Trump ultimately accomplishes, his election has ushered in a new extreme of political polarization to an already deeply divided country.  “I just have not found a single person who has any neutrality at all about Donald Trump,” Sabato said. In Baton Rouge, Louisiana, 40-year-old teacher Trista Carles said she had been ordered to keep her views about Trump out of the classroom.  “We were told to be Switzerland,” she said. “We’re not allowed to take any sides or views.”  She has her own opinions, of course, and said she appreciated that Trump, in his blunt way, gave voice to them “with no sugar-coating.”  “I think it’s just too easy to get into our country and stay illegally,” she said. “I feel like he is going to – to the best of his abilities – make a lot of things he said happen.” ",1
5867,U.N. rights chief says Trump's travel ban is illegal,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Discriminating against people on the basis of their nationality is illegal, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Twitter on Monday, referring to U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban on nationals from seven Middle Eastern countries.  “Discrimination on nationality alone is forbidden under #humanrights law,” Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein said in a tweet sent by his office. “The U.S. ban is also mean-spirited, and wastes resources needed for proper counter-terrorism.” After a weekend of confusion, protests and worldwide outcry over Trump’s sweeping immigration order, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said late on Sunday that legal permanent residents, holders of so-called green cards, would be admitted, subject to security checks. ",1
5868,Merkel says U.S. travel ban not justified by terror fight,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said the global fight against terrorism does not warrant putting groups of people under suspicion, adding U.S. President Donald Trump’s order to restrict people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States violates the spirit of international cooperation. “The necessary and decisive battle against terrorism does not in any way justify putting groups of certain people under general suspicion — in this case people of Muslim belief or of a certain origin,” Merkel told a news conference in Berlin. “In my opinion, this act runs contrary to the basic principles of international refugee help and international cooperation,” she said. “The chancellery and the Foreign Ministry will do everything they can, especially for those dual citizens affected, to clear up the legal ramifications and to emphatically represent their interests under the law.” She added: “We’re clearly having close consultations with our European partners about this entire issue.” ",1
5869,"Emboldened by Trump, some police unions seek to overhaul Obama’s reforms","WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Steve Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen’s Association, had a blunt message for Donald Trump during a meeting in September: court-ordered reforms aimed at curbing police abuses in the midwestern city are not working. Loomis and two other attendees said Trump seemed receptive to Loomis’s concerns that federally monitored police reforms introduced during the Obama administration in some cities in response to complaints of police bias and abuse are ineffective and impose an onerous burden on police forces.  Trump, Loomis said, was “taken aback by the waste of money” when the union chief told him that federal monitors overseeing his city’s police department earned $250 an hour - a standard salary for the position.  “I think he’s going to have a more sensible approach to rising crime rates,” Loomis said of now President Trump. “What I got from the meeting was that Donald Trump is going be a very strong supporter of law and order.” Emboldened by Trump’s election, some of the country’s biggest police groups want to renegotiate “consent decrees” agreed to under President Barack Obama, the police labor groups said in interviews. Consent decrees are agreements between a police force and the Justice Department that can prescribe changes to use of force, recruiting, training and discipline. They are enforced by a federal court with the oversight of court-appointed monitors. Currently 14 police departments, including Seattle and Miami, are operating under the decrees. The police groups want to discuss the decrees with Jeff Sessions, Trump’s designee for attorney general who has voiced criticism of them, although any renegotiation would be legally complicated because all parties as well as a federal judge must approve any changes. “There are certainly decrees that are inartfully applied that we’d like to see revisited,” said Jim Pasco, the head of the Fraternal Order of Police, the nation’s largest police union with 330,000 members. It endorsed Trump in September and has worked with Sessions, a Republican senator from Alabama, for years while lobbying Congress for pro-police policies. “We’ve always found him a man who’s willing to listen to alternatives to a previously charted course,” Pasco said of Sessions. Civil rights groups are alarmed at the possibility that the decrees could be unraveled, saying they have been an important tool for the government to try to address issues like excessive use of force by police in Baltimore and an officer shooting in Ferguson, Missouri that led to nationwide protests.   Trump officials did not respond to multiple requests for comment on the meeting with Loomis. While Trump has not publicly commented on consent decrees, he has expressed strong support for police departments and unions, and on Jan. 20 the White House said he wants to end the “dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America.” There have been questions by police and conservative politicians over the effectiveness of the consent decrees, which give the Justice Department power to obtain court orders imposing reforms on police forces that routinely violate civil rights through practices such as unlawful stops and seizures, racial discrimination, and illegal uses of force. The federal program was authorized by Congress in 1994 in the aftermath of riots in Los Angeles sparked by the police beating of Rodney King. Some police unions complain the decrees stigmatize police and impose overly restrictive limits on use of force. They also chafe at what they see as misguided federal prescriptions to local problems and have fought the reforms in court.  A reform agreement that the Justice Department negotiated with the New Orleans police department in 2013, for instance, has been “extraordinarily expensive” to implement, said Donovan Livaccari, the lawyer for the Louisiana Fraternal Order of Police. The city of New Orleans is footing the bill. The Obama administration negotiated 24 reform agreements with law enforcement agencies during Obama’s eight years in office after finding patterns of excessive force, racial bias, poor supervision and other issues, more than double the 11 agreements reached under the previous Bush administration.  Vanita Gupta, the last Obama-appointed head of the Justice Department’s civil rights division, which investigates and recommends reforms for police departments, defended the use of consent decrees in an interview, saying they are apolitical ways of improving public safety and making policing more effective.  Bill Johnson, head of the National Association of Police Organizations, which represents about 241,000 officers, said he expects local police associations to examine existing consent decrees to see whether the Justice Department under Obama overstepped in imposing any measures.     Some police union officials say they have been encouraged by comments by Sessions, who has said that federal inquiries “smear” police departments and “undermine respect for officers.”  “Under Attorney General Sessions, it’ll be more, ‘Okay, there’s a problem, let’s craft an agreement as best we can and cure it, and then move onto the next thing’,” Johnson said.      Union officials said they expect the Trump administration to initiate and reach fewer binding reform agreements with police departments, and they hope Sessions will work with them to try to re-negotiate some of those existing agreements. Sessions said in his confirmation hearing on Jan. 10 that he “wouldn’t commit that there wouldn’t be any changes” to existing consent decrees when he becomes attorney general if police departments show improvement before they have fully complied with the terms of the decree.   A Trump transition official said Sessions would not comment on his testimony until after the Senate votes on his appointment. That vote is not expected until February. Not all union leaders agree that the decrees’ costs outweigh the benefits.     Sean Smoot, who directs the Police Benevolent & Protective Association of Illinois and serves as a monitor for the Cleveland police reform agreement, said the federal inquiries prompt cities to hire more cops and invest in better equipment.     The decrees have had mixed results. Reforms in some cities, such as Los Angeles, have resulted in higher public satisfaction with police and declines in reports of police use of force. In other places, such as Ferguson, the city has missed multiple deadlines for implementing reforms required by its decree.     Civil rights advocates in Chicago say that given Trump’s law and order platform they fear his administration will neglect the Justice Department’s findings from a 13-month-long investigation into the police force.  Issued in the last days of the Obama administration, the Justice Department’s Jan. 13 report found that Chicago police routinely used excessive force and violated the constitutional rights of residents, particularly minorities. City officials signed an agreement to negotiate a consent decree. But with Trump in the White House, “it’s not clear where the leverage is going to come from for the reforms,” said Jamie Kalven, founder of the Invisible Institute, a nonprofit group which advocates for police transparency.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment about Kalven’s concerns. Jonathan Smith, the Obama-appointed former chief of special litigation in the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, said he is confident that most agreements reached during the Obama era will remain intact because they are overseen by judges who are “committed to their implementation.”      In Cleveland, for instance, the judge who oversees the reform agreement that Loomis’s union is objecting to recently rejected any efforts to renegotiate it. ",1
5870,MSF says Trump's refugee ban puts Syrian lives at risk,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to stop resettlement of Syrian refugees will cost lives, medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said on Monday. “The president’s executive order will effectively keep people trapped in war zones, directly endangering their lives,” MSF, also known as Doctors Without Borders, said in a statement. “Slamming shut the doors to the United States of America, which has rigorously vetted refugees for years, is an attack on the basic accepted notion that people should be able to flee for their lives,” Jason Cone, executive director of MSF-USA, was quoted as saying in the statement. “Every day our teams on the ground see people desperately seeking safety at closed borders and in war zones from which they cannot flee,” he said.  The U.N. refugee agency UNHCR says 4.9 million Syrians are refugees in neighboring countries, while almost a million have fled to Europe, and more than 6 million are displaced within their own country.  During the election campaign, Trump decried former President Barack Obama’s decision to increase the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States over fears that some fleeing the country’s civil war might carry out attacks. Some 25,000 refugees were resettled in the United States between October and year-end under UNHCR’s program for the most vulnerable, UNHCR said on Friday. Trump’s administration has banned entry of refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries, drawing criticism even from some prominent Republicans and protests that drew tens of thousands in major American cities. On Sunday his administration tempered the ban by saying people who hold so-called green cards as lawful permanent U.S. residents would not be blocked. Apart from Syria, the affected countries are Somalia, Sudan, Iran, Iraq, Yemen and Libya. UNHCR and the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said in a joint statement on Saturday that the U.S. resettlement program was vital, and but they stopped short of criticizing the new administration’s policy. Nobody at UNHCR or IOM was immediately available to comment on Monday. ",1
5871,"U.S. ban could boost Middle East tourism to Thailand, official says","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand might get more tourists from the Middle East as a result of U.S. President Donald Trump’s entry ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, the head of the tourism authority said on Monday. “The Middle East is a big market for us, especially in the medical tourism sector. They may choose to visit Thailand more and this may also boost our sector,” Tourism Authority of Thailand Governor Yuthasak Supasorn told Reuters. He said Thailand would need to assess the situation further. Thailand’s military government did not respond to a request for official comment on the ban. Trump has presented his ban as a way to protect the United States from Islamist militants, but it has been condemned by a growing list of foreign leaders and drawn protests by tens of thousands in American cities. The Tourism Authority of Thailand is the government agency responsible for promoting tourism to Thailand. Only just over 2 percent of Thailand’s tourists came from the Middle East in 2016, but it expects an 8 percent rise in the first quarter of 2017 compared with the year before. Medical tourism is a growing market for Thailand. The largest operator is Bangkok Dusit Medical Services Pcl. Another is Bumrungrad Pcl.. Muslims represent the second biggest religious group in Thailand behind Buddhists, but make up only about 5 percent of the population. ",1
5872,U.S. travel ban heralds 'turbulent times' for Africa: AU chief,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The head of the African Union said on Monday that a U.S. travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries including three in Africa heralded “turbulent times” for the continent. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma spoke after U.S. President Donald Trump’s executive order halted travel by people with passports from Libya, Somalia, Sudan and four other Middle East nations for 90 days, and stopped refugee resettlement for 120 days. “We are entering very turbulent times,” Dlamini-Zuma told African leaders at the start of a summit in the 54-nation bloc’s headquarters in the Ethiopian capital. “The very country to which many of our people were taken as slaves during the transatlantic slave trade has now decided to ban refugees from some of our countries. What do we do about this? Indeed, this is one of the greatest challenges to our unity and solidarity,” the AU Commission chief added. Even before the travel ban was announced last week, African capitals had watched the transition from Barack Obama’s administration to Trump with some concern, fearing his focus on “America first” could push trade and other ties with the continent down the U.S. list of priorities. The new U.N. secretary-general, Antonio Guterres, also hinted at unease about the U.S. administration’s actions in his address at the summit, without mentioning Trump or the United States. “African nations are among the world’s largest and most generous hosts of refugees. African borders remain open for those who need protection, when so many borders are being closed even in some of the most developed countries in the world,” said Guterres, who took over at the U.N. helm this month. ",1
5873,"On Trump travel ban, China says 'reasonable concerns' must be considered","BEIJING (Reuters) - China appeared to offer mild criticism on Monday of U.S. President Donald Trump’s banning of entry of people from seven Muslim-majority countries, saying immigration policy was a sovereign right but “reasonable concerns” must be considered. Trump signed a directive on the banning on Friday. U.S. Democrats and a growing number of Republicans assailed the move and foreign leaders condemned it amid court challenges and tumult at U.S. airports. Trump says his directive is “not about religion” but keeping America safe. Trump has presented the policy as a way to protect the country from the threat of Islamist militants. China’s Foreign Ministry, in a statement sent to Reuters, said it had noted the reports of the U.S. administration’s decision. “China believes that adjusting immigration and entry and exit policy is an act within each country’s sovereignty,” the ministry said. “At the same time, relevant moves must also consider the reasonable concerns of relevant countries,” it added in a brief statement. It did not elaborate.  China is in the middle of a week-long Lunar New Year holiday and government departments do not return to work until Friday. China has been trying to pay a greater diplomatic role in the Middle East, and has particularly close ties with Iran and Sudan, two of the seven countries on Trump’s list.  China is home to a Muslim population of about 20 million people, including ethnic Uighur people in the far western region of Xinjiang, where the government says it is facing its own problem with Islamist militants. Rights groups and exiles says China’s repressive policies in Xinjiang, including controls on Islam, are the root cause of the unrest, which has killed hundreds in the past few years. China denies any repression and says it guarantees freedom of religion. ",1
5874,"Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s order to restrict people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States sparked confusion and anger on Saturday after immigrants and refugees were kept off flights and left stranded in airports. In his most sweeping decision since taking office a week ago, Trump, a Republican, put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other countries. Civil rights and faith groups, activists and Democratic politicians were furious and vowed to fight the order. Capping a day of confusion and chaos and protests in several airports across the country, a federal judge in Brooklyn, New York, granted a temporary reprieve. The American Civil Liberties Union successfully argued for a temporary stay that allowed detained travelers to stay in the United States. Supporters outside the Brooklyn courtroom and at protests at airports in Dallas, Chicago, New York and elsewhere cheered the decision, but a bigger fight lay ahead. The court action does not reverse Trump’s order, which was criticized by some of America’s closest allies. Trump, a businessman who successfully tapped into American fears about terror attacks during his campaign, had promised what he called “extreme vetting” of immigrants and refugees from areas the White House said the U.S. Congress deemed to be high risk. He told reporters in the White House’s Oval Office on Saturday that his order was “not a Muslim ban” and said the measures were long overdue. “It’s working out very nicely. You see it at the airports, you see it all over,” Trump said. Along with Syria, the ban affects travelers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Department of Homeland Security said about 375 travelers had been affected by the order, 109 of whom were in transit and were denied entry to the United States. Another 173 were stopped by airlines before boarding. The order “affects a minor portion of international travelers,” the department said in a statement, saying the measures “inconvenienced” less than 1 percent of travelers.  The new rules blindsided people in transit and families waiting for them, and caused havoc for businesses with employees holding passports from the targeted nations and colleges with international students. Pegah Rahmani, 25, waited at Washington’s Dulles airport for several hours for her grandparents, both Iranian citizens with U.S. green cards. “They weren’t treating them very well,” she said. Rahmani’s grandfather is 88 and legally blind. Her grandmother is 83 and recently had a stroke. They were released to loud cheers and cries. Several Democratic governors said they were examining whether they could launch legal challenges, and other groups eyed a constitutional challenge claiming religious discrimination. “I don’t think anyone is going to take this lying down,” said Cleveland immigration lawyer David Leopold. “This is the tip of the spear and more litigation is coming.” The White House did not respond immediately to a request for comment.  The Department of Homeland Security said the order would stay in place. “No foreign national in a foreign land, without ties to the United States, has any unfettered right to demand entry into the United States,” the department statement said. Mark Krikorian, the director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies, called lawsuits challenging the order “last ditch efforts” that would only apply to a few individuals, and he said a broader constitutional argument would be hard to win. “The first amendment doesn’t apply to foreigners living abroad. The law explicitly says the president can exclude any person or class of people he wants,” Krikorian said. Some leaders from the U.S. technology industry, a major employer of foreign workers, issued warnings to their staff and called the order immoral and un-American. “This ban will impact many innocent people,” said Travis Kalanick, chief executive of Uber Technologies Inc UBER.UL, who said he would raise the issue at a White House meeting on Friday. Arab travelers in the Middle East and North Africa said the order was humiliating and discriminatory. Iran vowed to retaliate. Sudan called the action “very unfortunate” after Washington  lifted sanctions on the country just weeks ago for cooperation on combating terrorism. A Yemeni official expressed dismay at the ban. Iraq’s former ambassador to the United States, Lukman Faily, told Reuters that Trump’s ban was unfair to a country that itself has been a victim of terror attacks, and could backfire. “We have a strong partnership with U.S., more so in the urgent fight against terrorism. This ban move will not help, and people will start questioning the bond of this partnership, Faily said. Allies in the United Kingdom, France and Germany were critical. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted a photo of himself welcoming Syrian refugees. Confusion abounded at airports as immigration and customs officials struggled to interpret the new rules. Some legal residents with green cards who were in the air when the order was issued were detained at airports upon arrival. However, senior administration officials said it would have been “reckless” to broadcast details of the order in advance. Other officials said green card holders from the affected countries would require extra screening and would be cleared on a case-by-case basis. Airlines were blindsided and some cabin crew were barred from entering the country. Travelers were handled differently at different points of entry and immigration lawyers advised clients to change their destination to the more lenient airports, said Houston immigration lawyer Mana Yegani. At Chicago O’Hare International Airport, brothers Bardia and Ayden Noohi waited for four hours for their father Kasra Noohi - who has an Iranian passport and a U.S. green card - to be allowed through. They knew Trump had pledged tougher rules but did not expect the problems. “I didn’t think he’d actually do it,” Bardia Noohi, 32, said. “A lot of politicians just talk.” Thousands of refugees seeking entry were thrown into limbo. Melanie Nezer of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society said she knew of roughly 2,000 who were booked to come to the United States next week. Trump’s order indefinitely bans refugees from Syria. In a television interview, he said he would seek to prioritize Christian refugees fleeing the war-torn country. U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they were not consulted on the action and in some cases only learned the details as they were made public. At the State Department, a senior official said lawyers were working to interpret the executive order, which allows entry to people affected by the order when it is in the “national interest.” However, a federal law enforcement official said: “It’s unclear at this point what the threshold of national interest is.” ",1
5875,"Emirates changes pilot, crew rosters on US flights after Trump order","DUBAI (Reuters) - Emirates airline has changed pilot and flight attendant rosters  on flights to the United States following the sudden U.S. travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries, highlighting the challenges facing airlines trying to deal with the new rules. The world’s largest long-haul carrier, which flies daily to 11 U.S. cities, has made “the necessary adjustments to our crewing, to comply with the latest requirements,” an Emirates spokeswoman told Reuters by email on Sunday. She added U.S. flights continue to operate to schedule. President Donald Trump on Friday suspended the entry of people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The decision caught airlines off guard, according to the International Air Transport Association. “I cannot think of anything comparable. This brings a mix of administrative confusion, impact and uncertainty for many travelers as well as practical operational headaches and complexities for airlines in planning their flight programs,” independent aviation consultant John Strickland told Reuters. The ban applies to pilots and flight attendants from the seven countries, even though all flight crew who are not U.S. citizens already need a special visa to enter the country.  Nicoley Baublies, from the German cabin crew union UFO, said the move was very unusual and meant uncertainty for airlines in terms of planning. “Lufthansa has always ensured it has very diverse crews, with staff of different nationalities and that means that we are for the first time in decades having to look at where people come from,” he told Reuters at Frankfurt airport. A spokesman for Lufthansa said on Sunday it was too early to comment on the effects of the order but that airlines and passengers were required to follow the new rules. Another Emirates spokeswoman said the impact of the ban on operations would be minimal. The airline employs over 23,000 flight attendants and about 4,000 pilots from around the world, including the United States, Europe and the Middle East. Meanwhile, a spokesman for Etihad Airways of Abu Dhabi said the airline had “taken steps to ensure there will be no issues for flights departing over the coming weeks.” Japan Airlines (9201.T) (JAL) on Monday said it had begun screening passengers from the countries affected Trump’s travel ban before their departure for the United States. JAL officials would contact the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency to confirm whether passengers would be allowed entry, a spokesman for Japan’s second-biggest carrier said.      It is unclear if the ban applies to dual nationals - those who hold one passport from a country on the list and another from a non-U.S. country that is not. Etihad said on its website that dual citizens could travel to the U.S. using their non-banned passport. IATA have told its members that the ban does not apply to dual nationals if they have a passport not on the list, according to an email seen by Reuters. However, the Guardian reported on Saturday, quoting State Department officials, that dual nationals were banned. US officials said on Sunday holders of green cards need to check with a U.S. consulate and will be cleared on a case by case basis. On Sunday, IATA sent another email to member airlines, seen by Reuters, asking for examples of Green Card holders being denied boarding. It also said it was seeking more information from authorities in Washington. Baublies said the uncertainty over the rules was not helping. “Trump reacts in 140 characters, we don’t know what it means - for people with the wrong entries in their passports or with dual nationality or married to someone from one of the countries affected, are they allowed to travel?” There are also concerns the restrictions could dampen travel demand.  “Ultimately this could feed through to the role airlines play in the global economy in supporting business and tourism due to as yet unquantifiable impacts on demand & cost,” Strickland said. Baublies said airlines were usually among the first affected by global crises. “We hope it doesn’t mean that seats are left empty because people don’t know where they can travel with which passport.” Dubai-based Emirates and Etihad Airways are both owned by the governments of the United Arab Emirates, a U.S. ally and Muslim-majority country. Both carriers said they would continue to comply with the new rules on U.S. immigration but where possible would offer to refund or re-book affected passengers. Emirates and Etihad have also said that passengers were affected by the ban over the weekend but their flight crews had not been impacted. Qatar Airways declined to comment on the impact of the ban on flight operations, although on Saturday it issued a statement on its website that passengers would need a green card or diplomatic visa to enter the U.S. Emirates and Etihad issued similar statements. ",1
5876,"U.S. tempers part of Trump travel ban amid big protests, criticism","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration on Sunday tempered a key element of his move to ban entry of refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries in the face of mounting criticism even from some prominent Republicans and protests that drew tens of thousands in major American cities. Trump signed the directive on Friday, but the policy appeared to be evolving on the fly. Democrats and a growing number of Republicans assailed the move and foreign leaders condemned it amid court challenges and tumult at U.S. airports. The president’s critics have said his action unfairly singled out Muslims, violated U.S. law and the Constitution and defiled America’s historic reputation as hospitable to immigrants. In a fresh defense of the action on Sunday, Trump said his directive was “not about religion” but keeping America safe. Trump has presented the policy as a way to protect the country from the threat of Islamist militants. U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in a statement that people from the seven countries who hold so-called green cards as lawful permanent U.S. residents would not be blocked from returning to the United States from overseas,  as some had been after the directive. All green card holders who were detained at U.S. airports had been admitted into the country by late Sunday, a U.S. official familiar with the process told Reuters. The source could not provide a figure of how many people whose re-entry had been delayed, in some cases for hours. Outside the White House, where some viewing stands from Trump’s Jan. 20 inaugural parade still stood, several thousand protesters denounced him, carrying signs such as “Deport Trump” and “Fear is a terrible thing for a nation’s soul.” Protests also were staged in cities and airports in New York, Los Angeles, Boston, Houston, Dallas and elsewhere. The Republican president on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the country, an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria and a three-month bar on citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  Border and customs officials struggled to put Trump’s directive into practice. Confusion persisted over details of implementation, in particular for the people who hold green cards. Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee and a Trump supporter, said the president’s order had been poorly implemented, particularly for green card holders. “The administration should immediately make appropriate revisions, and it is my hope that following a thorough review and implementation of security enhancements that many of these programs will be improved and reinstated,” Corker said. Trump defended his action. “To be clear, this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting,” Trump said in a statement on Sunday. “This is not about religion - this is about terror and keeping our country safe. There are over 40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by this order.” He added: “We will again be issuing visas to all countries once we are sure we have reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days.” The department said on Saturday Trump’s action did apply to people with green cards who were returning to the United States from the seven nations, while a White House official said green card holders who had left the United States and wanted to return would have to visit a U.S. embassy or consulate to undergo additional screening. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus then went on the Sunday morning news programs to say those people would not be blocked. “As far as green card holders moving forward, it doesn’t affect them,” Priebus said on the NBC program “Meet the Press.” Priebus added that these green card holders would be subjected to “more questioning” by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agents when they try to re-enter the United States “until a better program is put in place over the next several months.” In an apparent indication that Kelly’s instructions were being implemented, some green card holders arriving in the United States said they had no trouble clearing customs.  Mahdi Tajsarvi, an engineer who lives in Virginia, said he and his wife, Arezoo Hosseini, both Iranian citizens with U.S. green cards, were asked a few routine questions by authorities at Dulles International Airport outside Washington on Sunday evening and let through within a few minutes. Priebus also said Customs and Border Patrol agents would  have “discretionary authority” when they encountered someone arriving who they suspect “is up to no good” from certain nations. Asked why Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Egypt were not included on Trump’s list, Priebus said that “perhaps other countries needed to be added to an executive order going forward.” U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing Trump’s directive, but lawyers representing people covered by the order said some authorities were unwilling on Sunday to follow the judges’ rulings. U.S. Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, prominent Republican foreign policy voices, said in a joint statement Trump’s order may do more to help recruit terrorists than improve U.S. security. “Ultimately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism,” they said, adding the United States should not stop green card holders “from returning to the country they call home.” “This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,” the added. Trump blasted the two senators in a Twitter statement, calling them “sadly weak on immigration.” In a another Twitter message earlier on Sunday, Trump said the United States needed “strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW.” “Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!” added Trump, who successfully tapped into Americans’ fear of attacks during his election campaign. Trump’s tweet did not mention that many more Muslims have been killed in the bloody Syrian civil war and other violence in the targeted countries. Condemnation of Trump’s action poured in from abroad, including from traditional allies of the United States. In Germany, which has taken in large numbers of people fleeing the Syrian civil war, Chancellor Angela Merkel said the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for the measures and “does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion,” her spokesman said on Sunday. Canada will offer temporary residency to people stranded in the country as a result of Trump’s executive order on immigration, Canadian Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said. Briefing reporters at the White House on condition of anonymity, a U.S. administration official rejected criticism of the way Trump’s plan had been carried out, saying: “So it really is a massive success story in terms of implementation on every single level.” Chuck Schumer, the top Democrat in the Republican-led U.S. Senate, had a different view, calling Trump’s administration incompetent. “One hand doesn’t know what the other is doing,” Schumer said. “I think banning refugees, banning immigrants, banning religions like Islam or any other religion, is un-American,” said Will Turner, 42, draped in a U.S. flag among a crowd of several thousand people in front of the White House chanting: “No hate, no fear, refugees are welcome here.” An official of the conservative billionaire industrialist Koch brothers’ political network of donors criticized Trump’s immigration order at the donors’ winter gathering in Indian Wells, California. “Our country has benefited tremendously from a history of welcoming people from all cultures and backgrounds. This is a hallmark of free and open societies,” Brian Hooks said in a statement. Civil rights and some religious groups, activists and Democratic politicians have promised to fight Trump’s order and Schumer said his party would introduce legislation to overturn it. Republicans control both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Priebus said that of 325,000 people who arrived from foreign countries on Saturday, 109 people were detained for further questioning, and most of them were moved out, with just a “couple dozen more that remain” detained.  “It wasn’t chaos,” he said. Judges in California, Massachusetts, Virginia and Washington state, each home to international airports, issued their rulings after a similar order was issued on Saturday night by U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in New York’s Brooklyn borough in a case involving two Iraqis caught by the order as they flew into the country. Attorneys general from California, New York, 13 other states and Washington, D.C., condemned and pledged to fight what they called Trump’s “dangerous” and “unconstitutional” order. ",1
5877,JAL to screen majority-muslim country passengers before departure for U.S.,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan Airlines Co (9201.T) said on Monday it has begun screening passengers from the seven Muslim-majority countries affected by the President Donald Trump’s travel ban before their departure for the United States. Officials at Japan’s second biggest carrier will contact the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency when passengers from those countries check in at the airport before departure to confirm whether they will be allowed entry, a spokesman for the airline said. ",1
5878,"Trump, South Korea's Hwang agree to strengthen defenses against North Korea: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn agreed to take steps to strengthen joint defense capabilities to defend against North Korea’s nuclear threat, the White House said on Sunday after a telephone call between the two leaders. “President Trump reiterated our ironclad commitment to defend (South Korea), including through the provision of extended deterrence, using the full range of military capabilities,” the White House said in a statement. It also said Trump and Hwang discussed the upcoming visit by the new U.S. defense secretary to Japan and South Korea, where shared concerns about North Korea will top the agenda. The United States and South Korea have agreed to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system designed to protect against North Korea’s growing nuclear and ballistic capabilities despite objections from China, which says the radar could penetrate Chinese territory. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said on Jan. 1 his country was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), and state media has said a launch could come at any time. North Korea has maintained its nuclear and missile programs in violation of repeated rounds of international sanctions. ",1
5879,Koch network launches effort to kill Republican border tax plan,"INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (Reuters) - Billionaire industrialist Charles Koch is launching a campaign to sink a border tax under consideration by Republican leaders in Congress, a move that could complicate the lawmakers’ efforts to find a way to pay for President Donald Trump’s proposed wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. Americans for Prosperity, a conservative political advocacy group founded by Charles Koch and his brother David, plans to use its network of wealthy political donors and activists to kill the proposal, which aims to raise $1.2 trillion over 10 years on goods coming into the United States, according to officials from the group, which gathered this weekend for a conference. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan is pushing the tax as part of a broader overhaul of the U.S. tax code. The White House has given mixed signals on whether Trump supports the approach, but proponents say revenue collected from the border tax could finance Trump’s drive to build a wall along the southwestern U.S. border. Proponents also say it would discourage U.S. manufacturers from moving abroad. On Thursday, AFP sent a letter expressing its opposition to the border tax to a House panel in charge of writing tax legislation. AFP Chief Executive Officer Luke Hilgemann, in an interview, called the measure “a massive tax increase” on U.S. consumers, who would pay more for foreign goods. He urged Ryan to “go back to the drawing board.” AFP and its offshoot organizations have become a powerful force in U.S. politics, bolstering candidates and issues on federal and state levels. Besides defying Republican leaders on the border tax, the Koch-led organization on Sunday challenged Trump on a policy he implemented on Friday to stop the movement of people from countries with large Muslim populations from traveling to the United States. “The travel ban is the wrong approach and will likely be counterproductive,” said an official of the Koch network. Koch refused to endorse Trump during his presidential campaign, differing with the candidate over his positions on immigration and trade policy, and his practice of singling out companies for possible retribution if they move jobs abroad. Nevertheless, Hilgemann said AFP had a “developing relationship” with the Trump White House, which he said had reached out to his organization to discuss some policy matters. At the same time, former AFP officials have landed high-level jobs in the Trump administration, giving the group a conduit for airing its policy wishes. Looking toward the 2018 congressional and gubernatorial elections, AFP officials said they planned to boost the network’s spending on policy and political activities to between $300 million and $400 million, up from an estimated $250 million for the 2016 campaigns. Hilgemann also said AFP was laying plans to mobilize activists to help win Senate confirmation of Trump’s pick for the Supreme Court nominee. The White House said Trump was planning this week to announce his pick to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia. ",1
5880,Trump aides call travel ban success despite broad criticism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Aides to U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday called the implementation of a temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries a “massive success story” despite criticism from some top Republicans, protests and disarray at airports. A senior administration official said the executive orders signed by Trump on Friday, which bars the admission of Syrian refugees and suspends travel to the United States from Syria, Iraq, Iran and four other countries on national security grounds, was being fully enforced by relevant agencies.  “Nothing has changed,” said the official, briefing reporters on condition of anonymity as rallies against the move erupted across the United States. U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing the order. Lawyers representing people covered by the order said, however, that some authorities were unwilling to follow the court rulings. The administration official rejected criticism of the way Trump’s plan had been implemented, saying: “So it really is a massive success story in terms of implementation on every single level.” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, however, that the application of the order was poorly implemented, particularly for green card holders, who have lawful permanent residence status. ",1
5881,U.S. judges limit Trump immigration order; some officials ignore rulings,"(Reuters) - U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. However, lawyers representing people covered by the order said some authorities were unwilling on Sunday to follow the judges’ rulings. Judges in California, Massachusetts, Virginia and Washington state, each home to international airports, issued their rulings after a similar order was issued on Saturday night by U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in New York’s Brooklyn borough. Donnelly had ruled in a lawsuit by two men from Iraq being held at John F. Kennedy International Airport. While none of the rulings struck down Friday’s executive order by the new Republican president, the growing number of them could complicate the administration’s effort to enforce it. The rulings add to questions about the constitutionality of the order, said Andrew Pincus, a Mayer Brown partner representing two Yemeni men who were denied U.S. entry from an overseas flight despite being legal permanent residents. “People have gone through processes to obtain legal permanent resident status, or visas,” Pincus said. “There are serious questions about whether those rights, which were created by statute, can be unilaterally taken away without process.” Trump’s order halted travel by people with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and stopped the resettlement of refugees for 120 days. He said these actions were needed “to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States.” The order sparked a global backlash, including from U.S. allies that view the actions as discriminatory and divisive. Attorneys general from California, New York, 13 other states and Washington, D.C., meanwhile, in a statement condemned and pledged to fight what they called Trump’s “dangerous” and “unconstitutional” order. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Sunday said it “will comply with judicial orders,” while enforcing Trump’s order in a manner that ensures those entering the United States “do not pose a threat to our country or the American people.” Striking that balance has caused confusion, according to lawyers who worked overnight and on Sunday to help travelers at JFK Airport, Washington Dulles International Airport in northern Virginia, and elsewhere. Immigration lawyer Sharifa Abbasi said some Border Patrol agents at Dulles refused to let lawyers talk with detainees, even after being shown an order from U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema requiring such access. Abbasi said the agents instead told the lawyers to call their agency’s office, where no one was answering. “There is really no method to this madness,” Becca Heller, director of the New York-based International Refugee Assistance Project organization, told reporters on a conference call. Supporters of Trump’s order said authorities acted properly in swiftly taking steps to enforce it.  “It is better (to) be safe than sorry,” said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the conservative Center for Immigration Studies in Washington. Lawsuits on behalf of more than 100 individual travelers have been filed nationwide, activists and lawyers estimated. Some have come from large corporate firms including Mayer Brown, Kirkland & Ellis, and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton. In Boston, U.S. District Judge Allison Burroughs on Sunday temporarily blocked the removal of two Iranians who have taught at the University of Massachusetts, and had been detained at the city’s Logan International Airport. Burroughs’ ruling appeared to go further than Donnelly’s by barring the detention, as well as the removal, of approved refugees, visa holders and permanent U.S. residents entering from the seven countries. Donnelly’s order forbade only removal. Matthew Segal, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, in a statement called Burroughs’ ruling “a huge victory for justice” in the face of what he called Trump’s “unconstitutional ban on Muslims.” The U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment guarantees the free exercise of religion. Trump’s order sought to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, which the president said was aimed at helping Christians in Syria. Burroughs’ ruling also prompted some Trump critics to urge holders of green cards, which allow foreign nationals to live and work permanently in the United States, to fly into Boston, to lessen the risk of detainment. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said several times on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that Trump’s order does not affect green card holders “moving forward” or “going forward.” In a ruling on Sunday, U.S. District Judge Dolly Gee in Los Angeles directed the return to the United States of Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan, who authorities had sent back to his native Iran following Trump’s order.  The ruling from Brinkema, in Alexandria, Virginia, barred the Homeland Security agency from removing an estimated 50 to 60 legal permanent residents who had been detained at Dulles. In Seattle, U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly barred the government from removing two people, who were not named in court papers. He scheduled a Feb. 3 hearing on whether to lift that stay. ",1
5882,The Trump presidency on Jan 29 at 4:12 P.M. EST/2112 GMT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jan 29 (Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Sunday: Trump fights back amid international criticism, outrage from civil rights activists and legal challenges over his abrupt order for a halt on arrivals of refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority countries. U.S. judges in at least four states block federal authorities from enforcing Trump’s executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. German Chancellor Angela Merkel tells Trump that the global fight against terrorism is no excuse for banning refugees or people from Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, her spokesman says. Prime Minister Theresa May says Britain does not agree with Trump’s curbs on immigration after coming under criticism from lawmakers in her own party for not condemning his executive order when initially questioned. Tens of thousands of people rally in U.S. East Coast cities to protest Trump’s executive order. Democratic attorneys general across the United States condemn Trump’s order and are discussing whether to challenge the administration in court. Trump’s temporary ban on Yemeni citizens traveling to the United States is “illegal and illegitimate,” authorities controlled by the Iran-allied Houthi group in Yemen’s capital say. A U.S. commando dies and three others are wounded in a deadly dawn raid on the al Qaeda militant group in southern Yemen, which was the first military operation authorized by Trump. ",1
5883,Senator McCain: Trump immigration order confusing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain said on Sunday that President Donald Trump’s order targeting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries has been “confusing” and raised a number of questions. “It’s been a very confusing process,” McCain, a Republican and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told CBS’ ‘Face the Nation.’ McCain said the effect of Trump’s immigration order “will probably, in some areas, give ISIS (Islamic State) some more propaganda,” and asked why the countries targeted by the order included Iraq, where U.S. forces are fighting alongside Iraqi forces against Islamic State. McCain said he was “worried” about the addition of Trump’s chief strategist and former campaign chief Steve Bannon to the U.S. National Security Council. McCain said this was “a radical departure from any national security council in history.” ",1
5884,U.S. Senate Democrat leader demands reversal of immigration order,"(Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer on Sunday demanded that President Donald Trump reverse an executive order targeting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries, saying it makes the United States appear “less humanitarian, less safe, less American.” “It must be reversed immediately, and Democrats are going to introduce legislation to overturn it,” Schumer said in New York.  Schumer also said he had been told by U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly that 42 people now detained at U.S. airports would be processed and allowed to enter the country under a court order issued on Saturday night. Schumer said Kelly also told him Trump’s executive order would not affect green card holders, which contradicts previous administration statements. ",1
5885,U.S. homeland security head: Entry of lawful permanent residents in 'national interest',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on Sunday that in applying the provisions of President Donald Trump’s executive order on refugees and immigration, he deemed the entry of lawful permanent residents “in the national interest.” Trump defended his move to ban entry of refugees and people from seven Muslim-majority nations and said on Sunday the United States would resume issuing visas for all countries in the next 90 days as he faced rising criticism at home and abroad and new protests in U.S. cities. ",1
5886,Leading Republican Corker says Trump immigration order 'poorly implemented',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations committee, said on Sunday that President Donald Trump’s executive order on refugees and immigration had been “poorly implemented,” particularly for green card holders. “We all share a desire to protect the American people, but this executive order has been poorly implemented, especially with respect to green card holders,” Corker said in a statement. “The administration should immediately make appropriate revisions, and it is my hope that following a thorough review and implementation of security enhancements that many of these programs will be improved and reinstated,” he said. ",1
5887,Senate finance committee to vote on Representative Price on Tuesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-majority U.S. Senate Finance Committee will vote on Tuesday on the nomination of Representative Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services, the panel’s chairman, Senator Orrin Hatch, said on Sunday. Price, a Republican, is an orthopedic surgeon who if confirmed would be given the task of carrying out President Donald Trump’s promise to gut former President Obama’s Affordable Care Act, also called Obamacare. Price’s trading in health company stocks while a lawmaker has been questioned by Democrats, but Price says his actions were legal and ethical. Price made his name in Washington as an opponent of Obamacare. For years he has proposed legislation to repeal and replace the 2010 health care law, but his proposal has never been voted on in committee. At a hearing last week before the finance committee, Price minimized the impact he would have on changing the healthcare insurance system if he is confirmed, saying it would be his task to carry out the will of Congress, expressed in legislation. Congress is in the process of working on a repeal of Obamacare and crafting a replacement. Republicans have generally supported Price’s nomination while Democrats have sharply criticized it. At last week’s hearing, the top Democrat on the finance committee, Senator Ron Wyden, said that if Price is confirmed, he would “take America back to the dark days when healthcare was for the healthy and the wealthy.” ",1
5888,Trump puts five-year lobbying ban on his political appointees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Saturday put restrictions on the kind of lucrative lobbying gigs his White House aides and other administration officials can accept after they leave government. Trump, a Republican businessman whose campaign was based in part on getting rid of Washington insiders, had pledged during last year’s election campaign to “drain the swamp” of political practices that he said made politicians beholden to business interests. On his executive order making good on that pledge, Trump said his appointees would agree to refrain from lobbying their own agency for five years after leaving, and would not lobby any government appointee for two years. Trump’s order also requires his officials to agree to a lifetime ban on working on behalf of foreign governments or foreign political parties. Trump himself has come under pressure to distance himself from his business interests, and put his sons in charge of his company, which owns hotels, golf courses and other real estate around the world. Ethics watchdogs have said the arrangement does not prevent conflicts of interest. ",1
5889,"Trump bars door to refugees, visitors from seven mainly Muslim nations","WASHINGTON/CAIRO (Reuters) - Five Iraqi passengers and one Yemeni were barred from boarding an EgyptAir flight from Cairo to New York on Saturday after President Donald Trump halted the entry of citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries, sources at Cairo airport said. The passengers, arriving in transit to Cairo airport, were stopped and re-directed to flights headed for their home countries despite holding valid visas, the sources said.  Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. He said his most sweeping use of his presidential powers since taking office a week ago, barring travelers from the seven nations for at least 90 days, would give his administration time to develop more stringent screening procedures for refugees, immigrants and visitors. “I’m establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. Don’t want them here,” Trump said earlier on Friday at the Pentagon. “We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people,” he said. The bans, though temporary, took effect immediately, causing havoc and confusion for would-be travelers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Besides Cairo it was not immediately clear whether other  airports of countries listed by Trump had swiftly implemented the ban. Arab officials of the listed countries would not comment on the matter. The order seeks to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, a move Trump separately said was aimed at helping Christians in Syria. That led some legal experts to question whether the order was constitutional. One group said it would announce a court challenge on Monday. The Council on American-Islamic Relations said the order targets Muslims because of their faith, contravening the U.S. Constitutional right to freedom of religion. “President Trump has cloaked what is a discriminatory ban against nationals of Muslim countries under the banner of national security,” said Greg Chen of the American Immigration Lawyers Association.  Trump has long pledged to take this kind of action, making it a prominent feature of his campaign for the Nov. 8 election. But people who work with Muslim immigrants and refugees were scrambling to determine the scope of the order. Even legal permanent residents - people with “green cards” allowing them to live and work in the United States - were being advised to consult immigration lawyers before traveling outside the country, or trying to return, according to Muslim Advocates, a civil rights group in Washington.  On Friday evening, Abed Ayoub of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee said he had fielded about 100 queries from people anxious about the order, which he said he believed could affect traveling green card holders, students, people coming to the United States for medical care and others. “It’s chaos,” Ayoub said. During his campaign, Trump tapped into American fears about Islamic State militants and the flood of migrants into Europe from Syria’s civil war, saying refugees could be a “Trojan horse” that allowed attackers to enter the United States. In December 2015, he called for a ban on all Muslims entering the United States, drawing fire for suggesting a religious test for immigrants that critics said would violate the U.S. Constitution. His idea later evolved into a proposal for “extreme vetting.”  Trump’s order also suspends the Syrian refugee program until further notice, and will eventually give priority to minority religious groups fleeing persecution.  Trump said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network that the exception would help Syrian Christians fleeing the civil war there. Legal experts were divided on whether this order would be constitutional. “If they are thinking about an exception for Christians, in almost any other legal context discriminating in favor of one religion and against another religion could violate the constitution,” said Stephen Legomsky, a former chief counsel at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in the Obama administration. But Peter Spiro, a professor at Temple University Beasley School of Law, said Trump’s action would likely be constitutional because the president and Congress are allowed considerable deference when it comes to asylum decisions. “It’s a completely plausible prioritization, to the extent this group is actually being persecuted,” Spiro said. The order may also affect special refugee programs for Iraqis who worked for the U.S. government as translators after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. It is already affecting refugees and their families, said Jen Smyers of the Church World Service, a Protestant faith-based group that works with migrants. Smyers said she spoke to an Iraqi mother whose twin daughters remain in Iraq due to processing delays. “Those two 18-year-old daughters won’t be able to join their mother in the U.S.,” she said. Democrats on Friday were quick to condemn Trump’s order as un-American, saying it would tarnish the reputation of the United States as a land that welcomes immigrants. “Today’s executive order from President Trump is more about extreme xenophobia than extreme vetting,” said Democratic Senator Edward Markey in a statement. Some Republicans praised the move. Representative Bob Goodlatte, chairman of the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee, said Islamic State has threatened to use the U.S. immigration system, making it important to do more screening. “I am pleased that President Trump is using the tools granted to him by Congress and the power granted by the Constitution to help keep America safe and ensure we know who is entering the United States,” Goodlatte said in a statement. Without naming Trump, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Saturday it was no time to build walls between nations and criticized steps towards cancelling world trade agreements. Trump on Wednesday ordered the construction of a U.S.-Mexican border wall, a major promise during his election campaign, as part of a package of measures to curb illegal immigration. “Today is not the time to erect walls between nations. They have forgotten that the Berlin wall fell years ago,” Rouhani said in a speech carried live on Iranian state television. He made no direct reference to Trump’s order regarding refugees and travelers from the seven mainly Muslim states. Rouhani, a pragmatist elected in 2013, thawed Iran’s relations with world powers after years of confrontation and engineered its 2015 deal with them under which it curbed its nuclear program in exchange for relief from sanctions. Rouhani said earlier this month that Trump could not unilaterally cancel the nuclear deal and that talk of renegotiating it was “meaningless”. France and Germany voiced disquiet on Saturday over Trump’s new restrictions on immigration. “Welcoming refugees who flee war and oppression is part of our duty,” French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said at a joint news conference with German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel. “The United States is a country where Christian traditions have an important meaning. Loving your neighbor is a major Christian value, and that includes helping people,” said  Gabriel. “I think that is what unites us in the West, and I think that is what we want to make clear to the Americans.” ",1
5890,Factbox: What's in Trump's order halting refugee program,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday his administration wants more rigorous screening of refugees and visitors from certain countries to prevent terrorist attacks. Here is what Trump’s order on “extreme vetting” - denounced by civil rights groups as discriminatory - includes. The order bars the entry of foreign nationals from certain countries for 90 days. While no countries are specifically named in the order, it refers to a statute that would apply to seven Muslim-majority nations: Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Yemen and Iraq. There is an exception for certain types of visas, including for diplomats and the United Nations. The temporary halt is aimed at giving the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department and the Director of National Intelligence time to determine what information is needed from each country to ensure that visas are not issued to individuals posing a national security threat. The order calls for a review to create a single process for screening people entering the country, which could include holding more in-person interviews, searches of an expanded database of identity documents or longer application forms.  Under the current system, some visa applications require interviews but others do not. The government already has extensive databases but some believe they need to be expanded.       The order suspends the Visa Interview Waiver Program, which allows consular officers to exempt some applicants from face-to-face interviews if they are seeking to renew their temporary visas within a year of expiration. Immigration attorneys say the changes will make even routine applications much more complicated and time consuming and could mean that more people will need assistance to get through the visa process. In an attempt to ensure wait times for interviews are “not unduly affected,” the order calls for the hiring of more consular fellows to work in U.S. embassies abroad.  The order calls for the temporary halt of all refugee admissions for four months so the government can study the process and determine if additional checks are necessary, although there will be case-by-case exceptions. The order also implemented a blanket ban of all Syrian refugees until “sufficient changes” have been made to the refugee program, without giving more details. After the suspension is lifted, the government will give priority to applicants that are suffering religious-based prosecution, but only if they are minorities in their country. Trump said in a television interview that the move would protect Christians. It could also protect ethnic minorities like the Yazidis in the Middle East. This could potentially open the door to legal challenges claiming religious discrimination, some legal experts say. Once refugee admissions resume, fewer will be allowed. The 2017 cap was set at 50,000 people, compared to 85,000 designated by President Barack Obama for 2016. In a nod to certain states and cities that have objected to refugee resettlement, the order also seeks to give state and local jurisdictions a role in deciding whether or not to allow people to live there. COMPLETING THE “BIOMETRIC ENTRY-EXIT TRACKING SYSTEM” The system is aimed at tracking foreign visitors’ arrival and departure using information like finger prints. Former President Barack Obama’s administration had aimed to start implementing biometric exit checks at the country’s largest airports by 2018. Some experts have said that for the system to work properly, it would need to cover all land, air, and sea ports of entry, which is a major undertaking. According to a 2014 report from the Bipartisan Policy Center the system would be expensive to implement and would “offer mixed value for enforcement objectives.” (This version of the story has been refiled to fix spelling of “Iraq” in paragraph 3) ",1
5891,Trump aides divided over policy shielding 'dreamer' immigrants: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Divisions have emerged among advisers to President Donald Trump over whether to rescind a signature policy of his predecessor, President Barack Obama, that shields young immigrants from deportation, according to congressional sources and Republicans close to the White House. Even though Trump campaigned on a promise to roll back Obama’s executive orders on immigration, the Republican has so far left intact an order safeguarding 750,000 people who were brought to the United States illegally as children, known as the “dreamers.” The issue has become a flashpoint for White House advisers divided between a more moderate faction such as chief of staff Reince Priebus and immigration hardliners Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon, said a former congressional aide who has been  involved with immigration issues in Washington.      Priebus has said publicly that Trump will work with Congress to get a “long-term solution” on the issue.  Meanwhile, Miller, said to have mastered the thinking of his former boss and anti-immigration advocate Jeff Sessions, Trump’s nominee for U.S. Attorney General, as well as Bannon, former head of right-wing Breitbart News, have pushed Trump to take a harder approach and rescind the protections.  Two officials at the Department of Homeland Security expect Trump to simply stop renewing the authorizations that “dreamers” currently have to work, drive and obtain higher education. Under that plan, the most recently renewed authorizations would expire in two years.   But a senior House Republican aide said it was uncertain whether the administration had scrapped the idea of overturning Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, known as DACA, as the internal debate plays out.   Preserving DACA has also become somewhat of a bartering chip as Trump seeks congressional support for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and other early administration priorities. The White House is “acutely aware” of the firestorm in the country and within Congress that could swamp the fledgling administration just as it plunges into negotiations over the wall, healthcare, tax reform and infrastructure investments, said the senior House Republican aide. Another congressional aide described a Senate bill sponsored by Democrat Dick Durbin and Republican Lindsey Graham to protect the “dreamers” as the “sugar that would help the medicine of the wall go down.”  The bill would likely face challenges winning enough votes to pass. Efforts to attach some tough conservative amendments could lose Democratic Party support and sink the whole effort.  Trump has kept his public comments on DACA vague. In an interview with ABC News on Wednesday, Trump said his administration would be coming out with a policy to deal with “dreamers” over the next four weeks.  “They shouldn’t be very worried. They are here illegally. They shouldn’t be very worried. I do have a big heart. We’re going to take care of everybody. We’re going to have a very strong border,” Trump said in the interview with ABC.  Trump reportedly told Durbin during the inaugural luncheon at the Capitol on Jan. 20 that he did not have to worry about an executive action overturning Obama’s order. But there is scant trust among Democrats that Trump will keep his word. And immigration advocates said DACA recipients live in fear and uncertainty as the message from the White House and Republicans seems to shift by the day.     House Speaker Paul Ryan told a woman protected by DACA, at a townhall hosted by CNN Jan. 12, that there should be a solution for people like her to get “right with the law” and not be separated from their families.  Just two days prior, Sessions, a Senator, told a Senate panel considering his confirmation that it would “certainly be constitutional” to repeal DACA. Sessions also attempted to force a vote to block DACA in the Senate in 2014.  Miller, Sessions’ former staffer, is now Trump’s senior adviser for policy at the White House.  Miller is known to be a staunch advocate for restricting immigration, even by workers who enter legally on visas.  Both Miller and Bannon, Trump’s senior counselor and chief strategist, are seen as outsiders to the Republican establishment and unafraid to upset people like Ryan to stay true to Trump campaign promises. Priebus, however, came to the White House after chairing the Republican National Committee and has spent years seeking to unify the party and cultivating relationships with career politicians. ",1
5892,Canadian tech companies ask Ottawa to issue visas after U.S. ban,"TORONTO (Reuters) - More than 200 Canadian technology company founders, executives and investors called on Sunday for Ottawa to immediately give temporary residency to those displaced by a U.S. order banning the entry of people from seven Muslim-majority countries. In an open letter, they said U.S. President Donald Trump’s executive order, which temporarily bars travelers from Syria and six other countries while putting a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States, had already “impacted several in our community.”  “Canadian tech companies understand the power of inclusion and diversity of thought, and that talent and skill know no borders,” the letter said. Signers included John Ruffolo, who heads the venture arm of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, one of Canada’s biggest pension funds, and Tobias Lutke, chief executive officer of e-commerce software company Shopify Inc, which is valued at around $4.6 billion. The Canadian government has not said what action it could take, but in tweets on Saturday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said the nation welcomed those fleeing war and persecution. Canadian airlines have already turned back at least one passenger who tried to fly to the United States. Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen will brief the media on the impact of the Trump order at 4 p.m. EST (2100 GMT) on Sunday, officials said. Local and national politicians across the political spectrum have already condemned Trump’s ban. On Sunday, the left-leaning opposition New Democrats called for an emergency debate in the federal Parliament. Canada is eager to attract skilled tech workers from abroad while also retaining employees and students who are often lured away by global companies. More than 300,000 Canadians work in California’s Silicon Valley. Canada has benefited from the raucous U.S. election campaign, with new Canadian work permits for highly skilled workers from the United States soaring nearly 54 percent in the first eight months of 2016. In November, Canada introduced new visa measures that would allow tech companies to quickly recruit foreign talent, including fast approvals and 30-day work permits. Daniel Debow, co-founder of a startup acquired by Salesforce.com Inc in 2012 and who is now building up an artificial intelligence company, welcomed the chance to hire talented people caught by the ban. “This utterly foolish action by the U.S. government is an opportunity 100 times greater to build Canada,” said Debow. “All we have to do is be ourselves, open our doors, and allow people to have a choice to come here.” ",1
5893,"How Trump's abrupt immigration ban sowed confusion at airports, agencies","NEW YORK (Reuters) - After immigration agents detained two Iraqis on Saturday at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport, their lawyers and two U.S. lawmakers accompanying them tried to cross into a secure area to consult with the men.  Border protection agents held them back, sparking a heated exchange. “Step back! Step back!” the agents shouted. A few minutes later, Heidi Nassauer, chief of passenger operations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) at the airport, was called over.  U.S. Congress members Jerrold Nadler and Nydia Velazquez, both  Democrats from New York, wanted clarification on whether an immigration ban issued on Friday by President Donald Trump prevented the Iraqis from consulting with attorneys. Nassauer had no clear answer.  “We are as much in the dark as everybody else,” said the border protection official at one of the largest U.S. airports.  The tense exchange, witnessed by Reuters, was representative of the confusion at airports across the United States and others overseas after Trump abruptly halted immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries and temporarily put a stop to the entry of refugees.  The Trump administration, facing criticism over the executive order’s implementation, on Saturday it would have been “reckless” to give details to government agencies and airports more broadly in advance of launching the security measures, which it says aimed to prevent attacks from foreign groups. But career officials in the Homeland Security and State departments told Reuters that the administration failed to appreciate the complexity of enforcing the order consistently or the need to prepare agencies and airlines. Throughout much of Saturday, government officials and security workers were left to guess who from those countries could enter the United States legally and who could not.  The day ended with U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in Brooklyn issuing an emergency stay that temporarily allowed stranded travelers with valid visas to remain in the United States. The American Civil Liberties Union, which sought the stay, said it would help 100 to 200 people with visas or refugee status who found themselves detained in transit or at U.S. airports.  Across the country, more than a dozen similar petitions on behalf of individuals being held at airports had been filed by the end of Saturday, according to a Reuters review of data collected by WestLaw. By Sunday morning, federal judges in three more states - Massachusetts, Washington and Virginia - issued orders blocking authorities from deporting travelers impacted by Trump’s executive orders. A senior administration official said Trump’s order - aimed at citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen - needed to be implemented urgently to protect Americans. “There’s a very strong nexus between our immigration and visa programs and terrorist plots and extremist networks inside the United States,” the official told reporters in a briefing. “It would be reckless and irresponsible to ... broadcast to the entire world the exact security measures you’re going to take.” Key figures at the Department of Homeland Security were informed, the official said, declining to elaborate. At the State Department, one of the main agencies dealing with visas and immigration, most officials first heard of the executive order on immigration through the media, according to two department officials.  While some offices were aware an executive order was coming, there was no official communication or consultation from the White House, they said.  “Was there any inter-agency coordination or consultation? No,” said one senior official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Immigration enforcement is among the federal government’s most complex endeavors, involving seven agencies from the U.S. Coast Guard and CBP to the State and Justice Departments. Two senior officials in the Department of Homeland Security said on Saturday that they had not heard of any officials in the relevant agencies - or the congressional committees and subcommittees that oversee them - who had been consulted by anyone who helped draft the president’s order. “If the result is confusion and inconsistency, the responsibility all lies at one address,” said one of the officials, referring to the White House.  The official, like others, requested anonymity to discuss Trump’s order.  Another Homeland Security official told Reuters that the White House worked on the executive orders with “limited department participation.” “It has been a challenge but folks are working through it,” the official said. Affected travelers had varying experiences at different airports, according to nearly 200 accounts gathered by the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA).  Many holding visas told the association they were allowed into the country without a problem despite Trump’s executive order banning them. But some lawful permanent residents – those with so-called green cards – were turned away despite guidance to airlines from the CBP that they should be allowed to travel. At about 10 p.m. on Friday in Seattle, some eight hours after Trump signed the executive order, an Iranian with dual Canadian citizenship from Vancouver was sent back to Canada, the traveler reported to AILA. A half hour later in New York City, an Iranian arrived at JFK and entered the United States on a valid visa without any problems, according to AILA. One of the Iraqis detained at JFK was Hameed Khalid Darweesh, a 53-year-old Kurd who had worked as a U.S. Army translator in Iraq and had been threatened there for helping the Americans.  Visas for him and his family were issued on Jan. 20, according to a lawsuit filed on behalf of Darweesh and another Iraqi, who had also worked with U.S. military. But as soon as he landed at JFK, he was detained by CBP officers and barred from contacting his attorneys. When his attorneys, from the International Refugee Assistance Project, asked the CBP officers whom they could contact, the agents responded, “Mr. President. Call Mr. Trump,” according to the lawsuit.  Eventually, Darweesh was allowed to leave and met the lawmakers and his lawyers, clutching his passport and weeping with joy. The other Iraqi who was detained, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, was also allowed to enter the country.  On Sunday morning, seven more detainees at JFK airport were allowed to enter the United States, said ACLU immigration attorney Andre Segura. The organization knew of at least five others that remained in the custody of border protection officials, Segura told Reuters. Conflicting media and government reports have caused confusion for airlines struggling to deal with the order. CBP informed air carriers about the executive order in a conference call late on Friday, said a person familiar with the agency’s communications. CBP then sent written guidance before noon on Saturday saying that green card holders were “not included” in the ban and could continue to travel to the United States. The source said airlines were allowing travelers with green cards on flights until told otherwise.  The Trump administration official later told reporters that U.S. green card holders traveling outside the United States need to check with a U.S. consulate to see whether they can return. “It’s being cleared on a case-by-case basis,” the official said.  On Sunday morning, the administration addressed the issue again but left questions over how green cards holders would be screened and by what agencies. “The executive order doesn’t affect green card holders moving forward,” White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus addressed told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” He added that they would be subjected to extra questioning by CBP agents when they tried to re-enter the United States.  A senior administration official told Reuters, however, that it had not been determined where and how those screenings would be carried out. The nature of the screening will be up to CBP or the State Department, the official said, and specific guidelines were being drafted. “They could be screened in many different ways and in many different places,” the official said in an interview. ",1
5894,"U.S. Senators McCain, Graham: Order may help recruit terrorists","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham said on Sunday that President Donald Trump’s order halting arrivals of refugees and others from seven Muslim-majority countries may do more to help recruit terrorists than improve U.S. security. “Ultimately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism,” they said in a statement, adding that the United States should not stop green card holders “from returning to the country they call home.” “This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security,” said McCain, of Arizona, and Graham, of South Carolina. ",1
5895,Merkel says fight against terrorism no excuse for U.S. entry ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel told U.S. President Donald Trump that the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for banning refugees or people from Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, her spokesman said on Sunday. Steffen Seibert said Merkel had expressed her concerns to Trump during a telephone call on Saturday and reminded him that the Geneva Conventions require the international community to take in war refugees on humanitarian grounds. “She is convinced that even the necessary, decisive battle against terrorism does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion,” he said.      Seibert said the German government regrets the U.S. entry travel ban, would review the consequences for German citizens with dual nationalities, and would “represent their interests, if needed, vis a vis our U.S. partners”. The German and Dutch foreign ministers issued a joint statement on Sunday saying they were pressing U.S. authorities to determine what the order meant for their dual nationals. “We are determined to protect the rights of our citizens and will take rapid action within the European Union about the steps that are now needed,” Germany’s Sigmar Gabriel and his Dutch counterpart Bert Koenders said. Trump ordered on Friday a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily banned travelers from Syria and six other mainly Muslim countries. Seibert’s comments were the first indication of discord over the issue between Merkel and Trump, who had highlighted common interests such as strengthening NATO and combating Islamist militancy in a joint statement after their 45-minute phone call. Thomas Oppermann, who heads the parliamentary faction of the Social Democrats, the junior partner in Merkel’s right-center coalition, called Trump’s order “inhumane and foolhardy” and said it would result in significant damage to the U.S. economy. “The order contradicts everything that makes up the United States’ good reputation as a country of immigration,” he told Die Welt newspaper. “No one should be discriminated against because of their religious beliefs.” Omid Nouripour, a Green party lawmaker who is vice-chair of the German-American parliamentary group and a German-Iranian dual national, said the new U.S. rule was a “dirty symbolic gesture that would hurt hundreds of thousands of people”. “The German government must stand up for the over 100,000 German citizens who are affected by the order,” Nouripour told Reuters. He said Trump had not included Saudi Arabia in the order because of his strong business ties there. Niema Movassat, a Left party lawmaker who also has German and Iranian citizenship, told the Tageszeitung newspaper that the ban would prevent him from visiting the United Nations to work on development issues and from visiting his relatives.  Dieter Janecek, economic spokesman for the Greens in parliament, said Germany should consider a travel ban on Trump and his senior adviser Stephen Bannon unless the order was rescinded. Trump on Saturday accepted Merkel’s invitation to attend the a meeting of the Group of 20 industrialized nations in Hamburg in July. He also invited Merkel to visit Washington soon. ",1
5896,"Iraq to oppose U.S. travel curbs, keen to work together against Islamic State","BAGHDAD/MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq will lobby against new travel limits to the United States by Iraqis, arguing both countries need to uphold their fight against Islamic State (IS), Iraqi parliamentarians said on Sunday. The Iraqi government has so far declined comment on an executive order signed by new U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday that suspends the entry of travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days. The order stirred angry reactions in Iraq, where more than 5,000 U.S. troops are deployed to help Iraqi and regional Kurdish forces in the war against IS insurgents.  Some members of parliament said Iraq should retaliate with similar measures against the United States. “Iraq is in the front line of the war on terrorism ... and it is unfair that the Iraqis are treated in this way,” parliament’s foreign affairs committee said in a statement. “We call on the Iraqi government to retaliate for the decision taken by the U.S. administration,” it added after a session on Sunday in Baghdad. Baghdad plans to lobby Washington to review the decision, according to two lawmakers who declined to be identified.  One of them told Reuters that the government will “explain that Iraq as a sovereign country will be forced to apply similar treatment, and that would affect negatively cooperation, including military cooperation”, in the conflict with IS. Popular Mobilization, a coalition of mainly Shi’ite Muslim paramilitary groups armed and trained by Iran to fight Islamic State, urged Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi’s government to expel U.S. nationals. Influential Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Sunday American citizens should leave Iraq. “It would be arrogance for you (Americans) to enter Iraq and other countries freely while barring them entrance to your country ... and therefore you should get your nationals out,” he said on his website.  The U.S.-led coalition is providing critical air and ground support to Iraqi forces in the ongoing battle to wrest Mosul, the largest city in northern Iraq, from Islamic State.  Mosul is the last major Iraqi city still under the control of Islamic State, the ultra-hardline Sunni group that declared a self-styled “caliphate” over parts of Iraq and Syria in 2014. The government announced on Tuesday that Iraqi forces had recaptured all of Mosul east of the Tigris River that splits the city, and were girding for an onslaught on the jihadists on the western bank. Meanwhile, an Iraqi who worked four years as a translator for U.S. forces in the hope of obtaining a Special Immigration Visa (SIV) felt betrayed by the Trump administration’s decision and said he now feared for his life. The man said he was hired by U.S. forces after he tipped them off about a house where insurgents were making car bombs in Mosul. He said that while employed by the Americans, he saved the life of a serviceman after U.S. troops came under militant attack in Mosul.  “My life is (now) in danger,” said the translator, who spoke in eastern Mosul and asked not to be  identified or photographed. He told Reuters he used to consider the Americans to be “brothers but I don’t trust those guys anymore”.  He added that bureaucratic and personal problems delayed his applications to the U.S. Special Immigrant Visa program designed for those employed by the U.S. military and U.S. civilian agencies until their withdrawal from Iraq in 2011.    “Please, please, please get me out of this country,” he said. “There are currently fewer than 500 Iraqis in the SIV pipeline,” said a State Department official. Overall, “more than 20,000 Iraqis have received immigrations benefits” from this program, he added.  Among the Iraqis barred from traveling to the U.S. over the past 48 hours was Fuad Sharef’s family, who embarked on the trip after selling their home and quitting their jobs and their school. The parents and their three children were barred on Saturday from boarding a connecting flight in Cairo to New York. Speaking by phone from Cairo airport, Sharef said the family was still in shock for having been detained there, their passports confiscated and being forced to go back to Iraq. ",1
5897,Sudan summons U.S. charge d'affaires over Trump immigration order,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Sudan summoned the U.S. charge d’affaires on Sunday to complain about an order by President Donald Trump that temporarily bans the entry of its citizens to the United States. The Sudanese foreign ministry said in a statement the decision sent a “negative message”, coming two weeks after the United States announced it would ease economic sanctions on Sudan. It urged the United States to reconsider the decision.  Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries including Sudan, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. ",1
5898,"Under Trump travel ban, Syrian Christians still see no light","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Mixed messages from Washington have left Syrian Christians confused about the effect of U.S. restrictions on refugees and travelers from several Muslim-majority countries, with some seeing hope fading away. U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday that put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other countries. The order also seeks to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, a move Trump separately said was aimed at helping Christians in Syria to leave. But hopes were dashed for at least one Syrian Christian Orthodox family, who were turned away at Philadelphia international airport and had to return to Lebanon. Christians in Damascus, where Syria’s conflict is still felt as fighting rages through much of the country, said pledges to prioritize minorities made little difference to them. “Getting U.S. visas has been the dream of all citizens in developing countries, no matter their religion,” said Youssef Touma, 34, attending a church service in Damascus on Sunday. “Syrians of all faiths were used to queueing at the U.S. embassy’s gates (to try to get visas). But it was almost impossible to get them, and has been harder since the war started. “What I heard is that there will be exceptions for Christians from the ban, but not the easing of Christians’ travel - so that means there are still the same difficulties getting a visa,” Touma said. Norma, a 30-year-old IT worker at the same church who declined to give her surname, said travel to the United States was a distant and impracticable dream. “I don’t know or have anyone in the U.S. If there was someone I knew, an aunt or uncle, then I’d think about going myself, of course. And it would be better to undertake a safe journey to America instead of a risky one by boat to get to Germany,” she said. Syrians in neighboring countries like Lebanon and Turkey have said they will primarily seek refuge in Europe, where some countries like Germany have taken in hundreds of thousands of refugees. Many have made dangerous crossings by boat from Turkey. Christians wishing to leave Syria said the U.S. preference for religious minorities could play into the hands of Islamist extremists. At the very least, it would have no real impact. “I think (Islamist) extremists here would love for us to leave, to be rid of us,” said Damascus resident Joseph Memari, reached by phone. Trump wrote on his Twitter account on Sunday: “Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!” Touma said statements made no difference. “Minorities are always targeted by extremists and Trump’s statements will not increase or decrease that,” he said. “They have been targeted since before Trump became president. The Christians of Maaloula (near Damascus) left the country before Trump was even considering the presidency. “Christians of the Damascus countryside, like Harasta and Douma, were forced to leave their homes five years ago,” he said. ",1
5899,Syrian Christians denied entry to U.S. in Philadelphia: Lebanese airport sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Syrian Christian Orthodox family was turned back from Philadelphia International Airport after traveling to the United States from Lebanon, airport sources in Beirut said on Sunday. The family of six were denied entry under U.S. President Donald Trump’s new ban on nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries, including Syria, and flew back to Lebanon via Doha, the sources said. ",1
5900,"Philippine activists to protest U.S. immigration policy, military","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine activists will protest on Monday against a tough immigration order by U.S. President Donald Trump and Washington’s decision to upgrade some military bases in the Philippines. Anakbayan, a Filipino youth movement, said it would hold a “let them in” rally outside the U.S. embassy in Manila against Trump’s temporary freeze on refugees into the United States and his ban of travelers from Syria and six other countries. Chaos and confusion ensued in the United States at the weekend and a federal judge in New York intervened to block the deportation of dozens of visitors and stranded refugees. The Filipino group will also protest an announcement last week that U.S. troops would build warehouses, barracks and runways this year in five agreed locations under an Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between the two countries. EDCA covers the rotational deployment of U.S. ships, aircraft and troops at five Philippine bases and storage of equipment for humanitarian and maritime security purposes. In November, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said he hoped Trump would treat illegal immigrants fairly and trusted his judgment. Manila had then urged Filipinos working illegally in the United States to return before Trump took office. Broadcaster ABS-CBN on Sunday quoted Assistant Presidential Communications Secretary Marie Banaag as saying it was too early to comment on Trump’s immigration move and it was the U.S. administration’s right to make such decisions. ",1
5901,Dozens barred from flying out of Istanbul airport after Trump ban,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Dozens of people were stopped from flying to the United States from Istanbul Ataturk Airport on Sunday, Turkish airport officials said, after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered a ban on refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. In his most sweeping action since taking office, Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen. He said the moves would protect Americans from terrorism. Although NATO member Turkey is not on the list, Ataturk airport is a major regional hub frequently used by travelers from the Middle East heading to Europe or the United States.  Officials at Ataturk, Europe’s third-busiest airport, told Reuters they had stopped “dozens” of people from traveling on Sunday, due to the ban. One official said the number was fewer than 80, but declined to give further details. One 32-year-old Syrian man, Nail Zain, told Reuters he arrived at the airport expecting to fly to Los Angeles, but officials prevented him from boarding, saying his visa was canceled. “My wife and my son are in the United States. My son has American nationality. And we have been waiting for this moment for two years. Finally when I got the chance, they prevented me as a Syrian passport holder from traveling,” Zain said.  He was later taken out of the terminal by authorities. It was not immediately clear whether the ban would have an impact on flagship carrier Turkish Airlines. Officials for the airline were not immediately available to comment on Sunday. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said about 375 travelers had been affected by the order, 109 of whom were in transit and were denied entry to the United States. Another 173 were stopped by airlines before boarding. ",1
5902,White House says 'couple of dozen' people still detained,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Sunday defended its implementation of President Donald Trump’s executive action targeting immigration  from seven predominantly Muslim countries and said only two dozen travelers remain detained. “It wasn’t chaos,” Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” program, adding that 325,000 travelers entered the United States on Saturday and 109 of them were detained. “Most of those people were moved out. We’ve got a couple dozen more that remain and I would suspect that as long as they’re not awful people that they will move through before another half a day today,” he said. ",1
5903,US Senate Majority Leader: 'Be careful' implementing immigration curbs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said the United States needs to “be careful” while implementing President Donald Trump’s new executive order targeting immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries. McConnell said on ABC’s “This Week” program it was a good idea to tighten the vetting of immigrants, but “I also think it’s important to remember that some of our best sources in the war against radical Islamic terrorism, are Muslims, both in this country and overseas ... We need to be careful as we do this.” ",1
5904,Two Iraqis lead legal fight against Trump order blocking entry,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge blocked the deportation on Saturday of dozens of travelers and refugees from seven Muslim-majority nations, stranded at U.S. airports under an order from President Donald Trump, after a lawsuit filed on behalf of two Iraqis with ties to U.S. security forces. In the lawsuit filed in federal court in Brooklyn, New York, the two men challenged Trump’s directive on constitutional grounds. The suit said their connections to U.S. forces made them targets in their home country and that the pair had valid visas to enter the United States. The lawsuit highlights some of the legal obstacles facing Trump’s new administration as it tries to carry out the directive, which the president signed late on Friday to impose a four-month ban on refugees entering the United States and a 90-day hold on travelers from Syria, Iran and five other Muslim-majority countries. In an emergency ruling on Saturday, U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly ordered U.S. authorities to refrain from deporting previously approved refugees as well as “approved holders of valid immigrant and non-immigrant visas and other individuals ... legally authorized to enter the United States” from the countries targeted in Trump’s order. The American Civil Liberties Union, which sought the temporary stay, said it would help about 100 to 200 people who found themselves detained in transit or at U.S. airports after Trump signed the order. “I am directing the government to stop removal if there is someone right now in danger of being removed,” Donnelly said in the court hearing. “No one is to be removed in this class.” U.S. Department of Justice attorney Susan Riley during the hearing said, “This has unfolded with such speed that we haven’t had an opportunity to address all the legal issues.”  Many of the people in a huge crowd that had gathered outside the Brooklyn courthouse broke out into cheers after word of the judge’s ruling filtered out. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security in a statement hours later said only a small fraction of airline passengers arriving in the United States on Saturday were “inconvenienced while enhanced security measures were implemented.” “These individuals went through enhanced security screenings and are being processed for entry to the United States, consistent with our immigration laws and judicial orders,” the statement said.  The department said Trump’s executive order remained in place and that its officers would enforce it.  Separately, a group of state attorneys general were discussing whether to file their own court challenge against Trump’s order, officials in three states told Reuters. The plight of one of the men who brought the lawsuit, a former U.S. Army interpreter who was detained at John F. Kennedy International Airport, is especially compelling, said David Leopold, a former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, who is not involved in the suit. “Here is a guy who was a translator who worked for the U.S. military for years, who himself was targeted by terrorists,” he said. “It is clear that if he is sent back, he is facing a direct threat to his life.” That man, Hameed Khalid Darweesh, was released later on Saturday and told a crowd of reporters at JFK Airport that he did not have ill feelings about his detention. “America is the greatest nation, the greatest people in the world,” he said.  Darweesh, 53, worked for the U.S. Army and for a U.S. contractor in Iraq from 2003 to 2013 as an interpreter and engineer, the lawsuit said. The second plaintiff, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi, 33, was also detained at JFK Airport but has since been released. He is the husband of an Iraqi woman who worked for a U.S. contractor in Iraq. She already lives in Houston, the suit said.  Trump, a Republican, has said his order would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. The lawsuit on behalf of the Iraqis challenges Trump’s order on several grounds. It says the order violates the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of due process by taking away their ability to apply for asylum, and violates the guarantee of equal protection by discriminating against them on the basis of their country of origin without sufficient justification.  It also says the order violates procedural requirements of federal rulemaking. The next hearing in the case was set for Feb. 10. Supporters of the order say the president has wide authority to limit the entry of foreign nationals from specific countries when it is in the national interest. “Even if they do and they win, my answer is so what?” said Mark Krikorian, the director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies. “We are talking a few dozen people – that is just a last-ditch effort to get the last few people in. It doesn’t really change the policy,” he said. Trump’s order does not mention specific religions but Trump said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday he was acting to help Christians in Syria who were “horribly treated.”  Comments like that could come back to haunt the president in litigation over his order, said Hiroshi Motomura, an immigration expert at UCLA School of Law. “There were comments during the campaign that focused very much on religion as the target,” Motomura said. “If the record showed that the origins of a particular measure were based on targeting a particular group, that could be challenged in court.” ",1
5905,Iran summons Swiss envoy to protest U.S. visa ban,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran’s foreign ministry summoned the Swiss ambassador to Tehran on Sunday to protest against U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban against people from Iran and six other Muslim nations, state news agency IRNA reported. A note handed to the envoy, who represents U.S. interests in Iran because Washington and Tehran have no diplomatic ties, said Trump’s executive order “was based on false and discriminatory pretexts and (went) against human rights conventions”, IRNA said. ",1
5906,States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order,"(Reuters) - A group of state attorneys general are discussing whether to file their own court challenge against President Donald Trump’s order to restrict people from seven Muslim-majority countries entering the United States, officials in three states told Reuters. Democrat attorneys general are expected to be a source of fierce resistance to Trump, much as Republican AGs opposed former President Barack Obama. A lawsuit brought by states would heighten the legal stakes surrounding the president’s executive order, signed late on Friday, as courtroom challenges to the ban have so far mostly been filed by individuals. Officials in the offices of attorneys general in Pennsylvania, Washington and Hawaii said on Saturday they were evaluating what specific claims could be filed, and in which court. “We do believe the executive order is unconstitutional,” Hawaii attorney general Douglas Chin told Reuters on Saturday. He declined to give further detail. The states could decide not to file, and it is unclear how many states would ultimately sign on for such an effort. “There certainly are conversations underway,” said Joe Grace, a spokesman for Pennsylvania attorney general Josh Shapiro. A Trump representative could not be reached immediately for comment. Trump, a businessman who successfully tapped into American fears about terror attacks during his campaign, had promised what he called “extreme vetting” of immigrants and refugees from areas the White House said the U.S. Congress deemed to be high risk. He told reporters in the Oval Office on Saturday that his order was “not a Muslim ban” and said the measures were long overdue. However, his order hit a roadblock late on Saturday when a federal judge in New York said stranded travelers could stay in the country. The American Civil Liberties Union, which sought the emergency court order, said it would help 100 to 200 people with valid visas or refugee status who found themselves detained in transit or at U.S. airports after Trump signed the order. The Department of Homeland Security said in a statement it would comply with judicial orders but that Trump’s immigration restrictions remained in effect. ",1
5907,French foreign minister says accepting refugees 'is a duty',"PARIS (Reuters) - Consideration for the plight of refugees is a duty, and fear of terrorism is not a legitimate reason to refuse them sanctuary, the French foreign minister said on Sunday. Jean-Marc Ayrault’s statement came after U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order to restrict people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States [nL1N1FI0JO]. “Accepting refugees is a duty of solidarity,” Ayrault said in a tweet. “Terrorism knows no nationality. Discrimination is no response.” In his most sweeping decision since taking office a week ago, Trump, a Republican, put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other countries. On Saturday, French President Francois Hollande told Trump during a telephone conversation to respect refugees. He also warned the new U.S. leader over his trade policies, saying a protectionist approach would have economic and political consequences [nL5N1FI0PE]. French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron weighed in with his own view of Trump’s actions on immigration, including his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. “I stand with the people fleeing war and persecution. I stand with the people defending our values #NOBanNoWall” his tweet said. France goes to the polls to elect a new president in April. ",1
5908,Influential Shi'ite cleric Sadr says Americans should leave Iraq,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An influential Shi’ite cleric said on Sunday American nationals should leave Iraq, in retaliation for the new travel curbs imposed by the U.S. administration on the Iraqis. ``It would be arrogance for you to enter freely Iraq and other countries while barring to them the entrance to your country ... and therefore you should get your nationals out,’’ Moqtada al-Sadr said on his website, commenting on U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision.   The Iraqi government has so far declined to comment on the executive order signed by Trump on Friday, which suspends the entry of travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days {nL1N1FH1XY]. ",1
5909,Homeland Security says will 'comply with judicial orders',"(Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said in a statement late on Saturday it would “comply with judicial orders” but that President Donald Trump’s executive action restricting entry into the country from seven Muslim-majority nations remains in place. The statement was issued hours after a federal judge in New York blocked the deportation of dozens of travelers and refugees from those countries who were stranded at U.S. airports. “These individuals went through enhanced security screenings and are being processed for entry to the United States, consistent with our immigration laws and judicial orders,” the Homeland Security statement said. ",1
5910,Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Airlines operating at Cairo airport were officially requested on Sunday to prevent U.S. immigration visa holders from seven Muslim-majority countries from boarding flights to the United States, Hossam Hussein, an EgyptAir official, said. Hussein, who is responsible for EgyptAir’s daily flight to New York, said authorities there had notified them hours earlier of the new restrictions. He said green card holders from Sudan, Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Syria, Somalia and Libya would be allowed to board as would holders of diplomatic passports or government officials. ",1
5911,Airlines at Beirut implement measures in line with Trump travel ban - airport sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Airlines operating at Beirut’s Rafic Hariri International Airport have begun implementing measures in compliance with U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban on refugees and nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries, airport sources said on Sunday. The measures would include denying U.S.-bound travel for nationals from those countries - Syria, Iraq, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Libya and Yemen - who were not U.S. green card holders, the sources said. U.S.-bound journeys from Beirut typically involve transfers in Europe, Turkey or Gulf Arab countries. ",1
5912,Merkel says fight against terrorism no excuse for U.S. entry ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel told U.S. President Donald Trump that the global fight against terrorism was no excuse for banning refugees or people from Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, her spokesman said on Sunday. “She is convinced that even the necessary, decisive battle against terrorism does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion,” spokesman Steffen Seibert said. He said the German government regrets the entry travel ban on refugees and citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries, and will review the consequences for German citizens with dual nationalities. He said Merkel had expressed her concerns to Trump during a telephone call on Saturday and reminded him that the Geneva Conventions require the international community to take in war refugees on humanitarian grounds. He said the German government would now review the consequences of the ban for German citizens with dual nationalities and would “represent their interests, if needed, vis a vis our U.S. partners.” Trump on Friday ordered a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily banned travellers from Syria and six other predominantly Muslim countries. Seibert’s comments were the first indication of discord between Merkel and Trump over the issue.  The two leaders had highlighted common interests such as strengthening NATO and combating militancy in a joint statement after their 45-minute telephone call. Germany’s pro-environment Green party also blasted the ban, with a senior party official telling Reuters the measure affected tens of thousands of Germans who had dual citizenship. “Donald Trump is no longer a reliable partner,” said Dieter Janecek, economic spokesman for the Green’s parliamentary fraction. “If this insanity is not rescinded, that one should look into whether it is possible to impose a travel ban on him and Stephen Bannon, the author of this unconstitutional rule.” Trump on Saturday accepted Merkel’s invitation to attend the a meeting of the Group of 20 industrialised nations in Hamburg in July. He also invited Merkel to visit Washington soon. But Janecek said Germany had to take action if changes in the U.S. rules meant German lawmakers and other German citizens with dual citizenship could no longer visit the United States. No comment was immediately available from Omid Nouripour, a Green lawmaker and vice-chief of the German-American caucus, who has German and Iranian citizenship.  ",1
5913,"Merkel critical of U.S. immigration ban, spokesman tells Spiegel","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has criticized a new U.S. travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries, the online site of German newsmagazine Der Spiegel reported Sunday.  “She is convinced that even the necessary, decisive battle against terrorism does not justify putting people of a specific background or faith under general suspicion,” Merkel’s spokesman, Steffen Seibert, told the magazine. U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily banned travelers from Syria and six other predominantly-Muslim countries.   ",1
5914,Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq’s Popular Mobilization on Sunday called on the Iraqi government to ban U.S. nationals from entering Iraq and to expel those who are already in the country, in a reaction to the new U.S. travel curbs on Iraqis. Popular Mobilization is mainly a coalition of Shi’ite paramilitary groups armed and trained by Iran to fight Islamic State. It became an Iraqi government-approved body last year. The call to ban U.S. nationals came in a statement published by its spokesman, Ahmed al-Assadi. ",1
5915,Iraq parliament panel asks government to 'reciprocate' to U.S. travel curbs,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq’s foreign affairs committee on Sunday said the U.S. travel curbs imposed on Iraqis were “unfair,” and asked the government in Baghdad to “reciprocate” to the American decision. The committee made its call after a meeting in Baghdad.  “We ask the Iraqi government to reciprocate to the decision taken by the U.S administration,” said the committee in a statement read to Reuters by one its members, Hassan Shwerid. “Iraq is in the frontline of the war of terrorism (..) and it is unfair that the Iraqis are treated in this way.”   ",1
5916,Certain flight crew barred from U.S. entry after Trump order: IATA memo,"(Reuters) - A new ban on U.S. travel for nationals of seven Middle Eastern countries caught the airline industry unprepared, with flight crew from those states also barred from entering, the International Air Transport Association said on Saturday. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has briefed the global trade group that passport-holders from states such as Iran and Iraq, including cabin crew, will be barred entry to the United States, IATA said in an email to its member airlines, seen by Reuters. The email underscores airlines’ confusion about the situation as well as the challenge some may face from crew scheduling. Airlines also stand to lose business: for instance, around 35,000 travelers from Iran visited the United States in 2015, according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. “Much of this development has come over the weekend and at a time when IATA’s Facilitation team has been on duty travel.  Unfortunately, our response has been slower than we would have preferred,” the email said. “A number (of questions) have yet to be resolved.” The executive order by President Donald Trump bans travelers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days. IATA was informed that lawful permanent residents of the United States - or green-card holders - from those countries are not included in the ban. However, a Trump administration official told reporters that green-card holders from the countries need to check with a U.S. consulate to see whether they can return, causing some confusion for airlines, which still plan to follow CBP guidance. Gulf airlines Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways said earlier on their websites that passengers would need a green card or diplomatic visa to enter the United States. An Emirates spokeswoman said “a very small number” of its passengers had been affected by the ban. ",1
5917,"Under fire, UK's May criticizes Trump curb on refugees","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Saturday Britain did not agree with U.S. President Donald Trump’s curbs on immigration after facing criticism from lawmakers in her own party for not condemning his executive order. On a visit to Turkey, she was asked three times to comment on Trump’s move to put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barring travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries, which he said would protect Americans from violent Islamists. She replied Washington was responsible for its policy on refugees.  But later, after her return to London, her spokesman said: “Immigration policy in the United States is a matter for the government of the United States, just the same as immigration policy for this country should be set by our government.   “But we do not agree with this kind of approach and it is not one we will be taking. We are studying this new executive order to see what it means and what the legal effects are, and in particular what the consequences are for UK nationals.” Trump’s executive order plunged America’s immigration system into chaos, with legal U.S. residents being turned away at airports, and drew criticism from U.S. Western allies including France and Germany. May, who became the first foreign leader to meet the president following his inauguration last week, had been enjoying a positive response at home for revitalizing the “special relationship” between the United States and Britain. But her response while in Ankara for talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan triggered criticism from her party. “Trump really is a sickening piece of work,” lawmaker Sarah Wollaston, a member of May’s Conservative Party, said on Twitter. She said Trump should be snubbed by parliament when he comes for a planned state visit to Britain later this year. “I don’t care how special the relationship is, some lines just shouldn’t be crossed,” Conservative lawmaker Heidi Allen said in a tweet. “Strong leadership means not being afraid to tell someone powerful when they’re wrong. It’s an ethos this country is proud of.” A third Conservative member of parliament, Nadhim Zahawi, said he would be banned from the United States as a British citizen of Iraqi origin. “A sad sad day to feel like a second class citizen,” he tweeted. “Sad day for the USA.” Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the main opposition Labour Party, said May should have stood up to Trump. “It should sadden our country that she chose not to,” he said. ",1
5918,"Trump's refugee ban no solution to problems, Turkey PM says","ANKARA (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s sweeping ban on people seeking refuge in the United States is no solution to problems, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Saturday, adding that Western countries should do more to help ease Turkey’s refugee burden. The new Republican president on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries, although NATO ally Turkey was not among them. When asked by a reporter about Trump’s ban during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Ankara, Yildirim said: “Regional issues cannot be solved by closing the doors on people. We expect the Western world to lighten Turkey’s burden.” “You can build a wall but it’s not a solution. That wall will come down like the Berlin wall,” he said, adding Turkey has spent some $26 billion on sheltering refugees. May, who met with Trump in Washington a day earlier, told the news conference that the United States was responsible for its position on refugees. She has previously said a “special relationship” between the United States and Britain meant the two countries could speak frankly to each other when they disagreed on issues. [S8N1EY00D] Yildirim said little directly about Trump. “We are not very informed about Trump’s decisions. But problems are solved through dealing with the causes,” he said. Turkey, a member of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic  State, has been hoping for a reset in its relationship with the Washington under the Trump administration. Ankara was long frustrated by former President Barack Obama’s decision to back a Syrian Kurdish militia. Turkey considers the group a terrorist organization. Turkey is home to the world’s largest refugee population sheltering some 3 million people, most of them Syrians.  ",1
5919,Yemen 'dismayed' by Trump's immigration order: official,"(Reuters) - Yemen is “dismayed” by U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision  to temporarily ban its citizens from traveling to the United States, saying that the country was a victim of attacks itself, an official said on Saturday. “We are dismayed by the decision to unilaterally ban, even for only a month, travel to the United States for people holding Yemeni passports,” said the official, speaking on condition of  anonymity. Yemen is one of seven Muslim-majority countries affected by a Trump’s 90-day curb on travelers while his administration studies new ways to prevent potential militants from trying to enter the United States. ",1
5920,Iraqi MPs want parliament to discuss U.S. travel curbs,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi lawmakers have requested that parliament discuss U.S. travel curbs imposed on the nation and six other Muslim-majority countries, an MP said on Sunday. Rinas Jano, a member of the parliament’s foreign affairs committee, said he made the request with several other MPs.  ``We want officials from the Iraqi foreign affairs ministry to come to parliament to explain the U.S. decision and discuss the matter,’’ he told Reuters. The Iraqi government has so far declined to comment on the executive order signed by U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday to pause the entry of travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for at least 90 days.  ",1
5921,Homeland Security says monitoring litigation over Trump order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Department of Homeland Security said on Saturday it was carefully monitoring litigation to do with U.S. President Donald Trump’s executive order affecting seven Muslim-majority countries but had not yet seen a copy of the emergency stay issued by a U.S. Federal Court. A senior Homeland Security official said of roughly 375 travelers affected by the order, 109 were in transit to the United States and denied entry into the country. Another 173 people were stopped by airlines from boarding an aircraft to the United States, said the official. ",1
5922,Iran says to ban U.S. visitors in retaliation to Trump move,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran said on Saturday it would stop U.S. citizens entering the country in retaliation to Washington’s visa ban against Tehran and six other majority-Muslim countries announced by new U.S. President Donald Trump. “While respecting the American people and distinguishing between them and the hostile policies of the U.S. government, Iran will implement the principle of reciprocity until the offensive U.S. limitations against Iranian nationals are lifted,” a Foreign Ministry statement said. “The restrictions against travel by Muslims to America... are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular and will be known as a great gift to extremists,” said the statement, carried by state media. The U.S. ban will make it virtually impossible for relatives and friends of an estimated one million Iranian-Americans to visit the United States Earlier on Saturday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said it was no time to build walls between nations and criticised steps towards cancelling world trade agreements, without naming Trump. Trump on Wednesday ordered the construction of a U.S.-Mexican border wall, a major promise during his election campaign, as part of a package of measures to curb illegal immigration. “Today is not the time to erect walls between nations. They have forgotten that the Berlin wall fell years ago,” Rouhani said in a speech carried live on Iranian state television. “To annul world trade accords does not help their economy and does not serve the development and blooming of the world economy,” Rouhani told a tourism conference in Tehran. “This is the day for the world to get closer through trade.”  The protectionist-minded Trump formally withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal on Monday, fulfilling a campaign pledge to end American involvement in the 2015 pact. Rouhani, a pragmatist elected in 2013, thawed Iran’s relations with world powers after years of confrontation and engineered its 2015 deal with them under which it curbed its nuclear programme in exchange for relief from sanctions. ",1
5923,U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations refugee agency and International Organization for Migration (IOM) called on the Trump administration on Saturday to continue offering asylum to people fleeing war and persecution, saying its resettlement programme was vital. U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily barred travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries, saying the moves would help protect Americans from terrorist attacks. “The needs of refugees and migrants worldwide have never been greater and the U.S. resettlement program is one of the most important in the world,” the two Geneva-based agencies said in a joint statement. Trump stopped the entry of travelers from Syria and the six other nations - Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen - for at least 90 days, saying his administration needed time to develop more stringent screening processes for refugees, immigrants and visitors. IOM and UNHCR said they remained committed to working with the U.S. administration towards a shared goal of ensuring “safe and secure resettlement and immigration programmes”. “We strongly believe that refugees should receive equal treatment for protection and assistance, and opportunities for resettlement, regardless of their religion, nationality or race,” they said. Resettlement places provided by every country for vulnerable refugees, some of whom require special medical treatment not available in their first country of asylum, are vital, the agencies said. More than 30 countries take part in the programme, which starts with vetting by the UNHCR. The agencies said they hope “the U.S. will continue its strong leadership role and long tradition of protecting those who are fleeing conflict and persecution”. Some 25,000 refugees were resettled in the United States between October and year-end under the UNHCR’s programme for the most vulnerable, the agency said on Friday. A host of U.S. federal government agencies are involved and extensive background checks are carried out, UNHCR spokeswoman Vannina Maestracci told a briefing. “I think it’s fair to say that refugees coming into the United States to be resettled are some of the most vetted individuals entering the United States,” she said. The IOM wants migration to be legal, safe and secure for all, including for destination countries, spokesman Joel Millman said.  “So we hope 90 days is a temporary time and we stand ready to assist any way we can,” Millman told Reuters Television. “We’re concerned that any delay might force some people to start from the beginning but generally speaking it’s a long, long process and probably 90 days is something most people will be willing to wait because they have been waiting years already.” ",1
5924,"France, Germany concerned about Trump's moves to limit refugees","PARIS (Reuters) - France, Germany and Luxembourg voiced disquiet on Saturday over U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to limit immigration and refugees from some Muslim countries, with Berlin and Paris also reaffirming a firm line on Russian sanctions. Speaking at a joint news conference in Paris with his German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said many of Trump’s decisions worried the two U.S. allies, including new immigration restrictions. Trump on Friday signed an executive order that will curb immigration and refugees from some Muslim-majority countries and he separately said he wanted the United States to give priority to Syrian Christians fleeing the civil war there. “This can only worry us, but there are many subjects that worry us,” Ayrault said, adding that he would soon invite his future American counterpart Rex Tillerson to Paris to explain Europe’s interests, values and vision of the world. “Welcoming refugees who flee war and oppression is part of our duty,” Ayrault said. Germany has taken in more than one million refugees and migrants, mainly from the Middle East, since 2015. Although traditionally open to asylum seekers, France has taken in far fewer refugees than Germany since the migrant crisis erupted. Some in the French government, mostly ex-premier Manuel Valls, criticizing Berlin’s open-door policy, as has Trump.  “The United States is a country where Christian traditions have an important meaning. Loving your neighbor is a major Christian value, and that includes helping people,” said Germany’s Gabriel, who was on his first trip abroad since his nomination as foreign minister.  “I think that is what unites us in the West, and I think that is what we want to make clear to the Americans.” Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn said Trump’s order would have negative consequences. “The American president is dividing the Muslim world into good and evil with this,” Asselborn told the Tagesspiegel German newspaper. “The decision is also bad for Europe because it will increase the Muslim world’s mistrust and hatred of the West.” The two countries also reiterated their position on Russian sanctions, saying they could only be lifted if progress was made in the peace process for eastern Ukraine, where a pro-Russian separatist insurgency began in 2014. They joined British Prime Minister Theresa May in cautioning Trump against premature moves on the issue.  “Let’s not forget there was a war, that Russia sought to take over parts of Ukraine,” Ayrault said. Trump said on Friday he was only in the early stages of considering whether to lift U.S. sanctions on Russia, but insisted he wanted to follow through on his campaign pledge to pursue better relations with Russia. The French and German ministers also said the United Nations remained the best framework to lead peace talks about Syria in the aftermath of Russian-led efforts in the Kazakh capital Astana that some diplomats say might undermine the UN process. Separately, Germany and France are also continuing to work on creating a joint tactical airlift pool of Lockheed Martin Corp C-130J military transport planes, a spokesman for the German defense ministry said on Saturday. He could not confirm a report in Der Spiegel news magazine that the two countries expected to complete work on the deal and present it to U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis at a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels next month. The magazine said German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen hoped to present the joint airlift as evidence of Germany’s willingness to contribute more to NATO. Trump has criticized many European countries for not meeting a NATO target of spending 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense. ",1
5925,KLM refuses U.S. carriage to passengers from proscribed Muslim countries,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch airline KLM said on Saturday it had refused carriage to the United States to seven passengers from predominately Muslim countries subject to a temporary immigration ban imposed by the Trump administration. A spokeswoman for KLM, part of the Franco-Dutch Air France KLM group, declined to specify which countries the passengers came from or where they were flying from. “Worldwide, we had seven passengers whom we had to inform that there was no point in us taking them to the U.S.,” said spokeswoman Manel Vrijenhoek. “There is still some lack of clarity about whom this ban affects.” ",1
5926,Qatar Airways issues advisory for U.S.-bound travelers from banned countries,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Qatar Airways advised passengers bound for the United States on Saturday from seven newly banned majority Muslim countries that they needed to have either a U.S. green card or diplomatic visa. “Nationals of the following countries: Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Yemen ... may travel to the U.S. only if they are in possession of a permanent resident card (Green card) or any of the below visas,” it said in a statement on its website. It listed foreign government, United Nations, international organization and NATO visas. ",1
5927,"Tensions simmer below surface as Trump, Republicans map strategy","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump was elected last November, Republican lawmakers enthusiastically joined his call to rewrite the tax code and dismantle Obamacare in the first 100 days of his presidency. But as congressional Republicans gathered for an annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Wednesday, the 100-day goal morphed into 200 days. As the week wore on, leaders were saying it could take until the end of 2017 - or possibly longer - for passage of final legislation. Trump had a different idea when he spoke to lawmakers in Philadelphia, telling them: Enough talk. Time to deliver. The divergent views on the timetable were among many indications of tensions that simmered just below the surface at the three-day Republican retreat. Before the cameras, Trump and Republicans sought to convey an image of a happy, unified family, playing down differences over tax policy, whether to reinstate torture interrogation techniques and investigating 2016 election fraud. And clearly there is none of the open warfare that has sometimes erupted among Republicans, such as when Senator Ted Cruz infuriated many of his colleagues by leading a standoff over Obamacare that partially shut down the government in 2013. But barely visible in Philadelphia, there are potential flashpoints of disagreement within the Republican rank-and-file in Congress as well as between Republican lawmakers and the unorthodox new president. These include how and when to replace Obamacare if Republicans succeed in their quest to repeal it; how to revamp the multi-layered tax code, whether to build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico and the nature of the U.S. relationship with Russia. When it comes to tax reform, senior congressional aides said the spring of 2018 might be a more likely time than this year for the passage of legislation. Republican lawmakers lavished praise on Trump in public. In dozens of interviews, many said they felt he would be an energetic champion of issues they cared about. But some also voiced fears that his big agenda would drive up deficits and said they were still searching for details on his plans. Several Republican lawmakers and aides said they were wary of the cost of his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. Republican leaders have said the wall proposal under discussion would cost $12 billion to $15 billion cost but some congressional aides say it could end up easily topping $20 billion. Republican Representative Will Hurd, whose Texas district partially borders Mexico, went a step further, calling the wall an ineffective tool for stopping illegal immigration. Others warned a border adjustment tax on foreign goods to pay for that wall could hurt U.S. companies’ profits, raise costs for American consumers and spark retaliation by foreign trading partners. Some lawmakers also worry that some of their constituents could be at risk of losing healthcare coverage if the push to repeal Obamacare moves too quickly. Republican Representative Tom Cole said rank-and-file lawmakers have an incentive to fall in line behind Trump. “You don’t want to be the reason why we weren’t successful in getting these things done,” he said. Still, Cole said Republicans are taking stock of the potential cost of the biggest items on Trump’s agenda such as the wall, infrastructure projects, tax cuts and beefing up military spending. “I think they worry about it,” Cole said.  Following Trump’s speech to the lawmakers on Thursday, Senator James Risch said that no decisions had been made on the replacement of Obamacare, a complex law that has expanded healthcare insurance to millions of Americans. “It’s going to take a while to resolve it,” Risch said. Asked by reporters whether Republicans had a clear idea of what Trump would like to replace Obamacare with, Risch responded, “In detail, no.” ",1
5928,Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence fired up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists who gathered on Friday for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with the election of President Donald Trump. “Life is winning again in America,” Pence told the demonstrators on the National Mall, near where Trump was sworn in a week ago before hundreds of thousands. The March for Life took place in the same area where even more massive crowds flooded Washington a day after Trump’s inauguration in favor of women’s rights, including abortion rights. Pence, a longtime hero of the anti-abortion movement, is the most senior government official to speak in person at the rally, organizers said. As governor of Indiana, he signed what were seen as some of the nation’s strictest abortion laws. Pence praised “the election of pro-life majorities in the Congress of the United States of America,” Trump’s upcoming nomination of an anti-abortion Supreme Court justice, and the president’s reinstatement on Monday of a policy that cuts off U.S. funding to healthcare providers that promote or provide abortions overseas.    “It’s the best day I’ve ever seen for the March of Life,” he said.  Trump senior aide Kellyanne Conway was one of many women to address the demonstrators before they started their march from the Mall to the U.S. Supreme Court, about 1.5 miles (2 km) away. “We hear you. We see you. We respect you,” Conway said. “And we look forward to working with you.” Protesters hoisted signs saying “Choose life,” “I am the pro-life generation,” and “Equal Rights For Unborn People.” A Christian rock band warmed up the crowd for Pence, leading people in hand-clapping at the rally within sight of the White House. “We’re here to stand up for the unborn because no one else can, and having Donald Trump in the White House makes everyone more enthusiastic,” said Jim Kolar, 59, of West Palm Beach, Florida. Organizers had no immediate estimate of crowd size, but the march to the Supreme Court after the rally filled the street for many blocks amid chants of “We love babies, yes, we do, we love babies, how ‘bout you?” “This is good, this is a good turnout,” said the Rev. Kevin Cusick, a Catholic priest from Benedict, Maryland, who has been coming to the marches off and on for more than 40 years. The March for Life is held each year close to the anniversary of the court’s Roe v. Wade ruling that legalized abortion in 1973. Trump has said Roe v. Wade should be overturned and has vowed to appoint an anti-abortion justice to fill the Supreme Court seat left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year. He also has pledged to defund Planned Parenthood, which draws the ire of many Republicans because it provides abortions, along with other services.  Abortion rights supporters say cutting off funding for abortion providers will prevent poor women from getting other critical heath care and birth control that could prevent unwanted pregnancies. The rally comes as the number of U.S. abortions has fallen to a record low. The Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health and rights organization, said last week that it dropped below 1 million in 2013 for the first time since 1975. A Quinnipiac University poll released on Friday showed that 64 percent of Americans say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, while 31 percent said it should be illegal in all or most cases. Anti-abortion forces are often inspired by a religious conviction that life begins at conception and see abortion as murder. ",1
5929,New U.S. U.N. envoy warns allies: back us or we'll take names,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, pledged on Friday to overhaul the world body and warned U.S. allies that if they do not support Washington, then she is “taking names” and will respond. Haley made brief remarks to reporters as she arrived at the world body’s headquarters in New York to present her credentials to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres. “Our goal with the administration is to show value at the U.N. and the way that we’ll show value is to show our strength, show our voice, have the backs of our allies and make sure that our allies have our back as well,” Haley said. “For those that don’t have our back, we’re taking names, we will make points to respond to that accordingly,” added Republican President Donald Trump’s U.N. envoy.  Haley, who was South Carolina’s Republican governor when Trump picked her for the post, has little foreign policy and no U.S. federal government experience. French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre and British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said they looked forward to working with Haley. The United States, Britain and France, along with Russia and China, are permanent veto-wielding members of the U.N. Security Council.  After her meeting with Guterres, a U.S. official said they had “a good and productive conversation about ways they can work together to reform the U.N.” Haley told reporters, “Everything that’s working, we’re going to make it better, everything that’s not working we’re going to try and fix, and anything that seems to be obsolete and not necessary we’re going to do away with.”  According to a draft executive order published by The Daily Beast, Trump wants a committee - including his secretary of state, attorney general and director of national intelligence -to carry out a one-year review of U.S. funding to international organizations with the aim of almost halving voluntary funding. A senior U.S. administration official said on Friday that no such executive order was “expected at this time.” The United States is the largest contributor to the United Nations, paying 22 percent of the $5.4 billion core U.N. budget and 28 percent of the $7.9 billion U.N. peacekeeping budget. These are assessed contributions - agreed by the U.N. General Assembly - and not voluntary payments.  U.N. agencies, such as the U.N. Development Programme, the children’s agency UNICEF, the World Food Programme and the U.N. Population Fund, are funded voluntarily. Last year, Trump took to Twitter to disparage the 193-member world body after the United States abstained in a Dec. 23 U.N. Security Council vote, allowing the adoption of a resolution demanding an end to settlement building by U.S. ally Israel. Trump, who had called on President Barack Obama’s administration to veto the resolution, warned that “things will be different” at the United Nations after he took office on Jan. 20. ",1
5930,Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S.,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Iraqis who say their lives are in danger because they worked with the U.S. government in Iraq fear their chances of finding refuge in the United States may vanish under a new order signed on Friday by President Donald Trump. The order temporarily suspends the United States’ main refugee program and halts visas being issued to citizens of several predominantly Muslim countries, including Iraq. It is expected to affect two programs U.S. lawmakers created a few years after the 2003 invasion of Iraq to help the tens of thousands of Iraqis who risked their lives helping Americans. Trump says the order is necessary to prevent Islamist militants from coming to the United States posing as refugees, but refugee advocacy groups say the lengthy screening of applicants by multiple U.S. agencies makes this fear unfounded. Iraqis coming to the United States under the Special Immigrant Visa program for Iraqis, which stopped accepting new applications in 2014, or the ongoing Direct Access Program for U.S.-Affiliated Iraqis are losing hope of ever getting out.  “Mr. Trump, the new president, killed our dreams,” said one Baghdad man whose wife worked for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) as a bookkeeper. “I don’t have any hope to go to the United States,” he said in a telephone interview, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by Iraq’s Sunni and Shia militant groups  and also of unfavorable treatment by the Trump administration. More than 7,000 Iraqis, many of them interpreters for the U.S. military, have resettled in the United States under the Special Immigrant Visa program since 2008, while another 500 or so are still being processed, according to State Department figures. Another 58,000 Iraqis were awaiting interviews under the Direct Access program, according to the International Refugee Assistance Project. Tens of thousands have already arrived under the second program, but no recent total was available.   “A lot of translators were trying to get the hell out of there because they had a mark on their head for working with U.S. forces,” Allen Vaught, a former U.S. Army captain who went to Fallujah in western Iraq in 2003, said in a telephone interview. “They’re viewed as collaborators.” He fears the order would endanger American troops by making it harder to recruit local support in war zones, a belief echoed by several advocacy groups working on behalf of America’s Iraqi employees.  While in Iraq, Vaught employed five local interpreters who initially earned $5 a week traveling with troops, sometimes without weapons or armor. He helped two of the interpreters come to the United States as refugees with their families, putting them up initially in his home in Dallas, Texas. Another two were executed by militia groups, he said.  The fifth was still mired in the refugee screening process, which can last months or years even after the initial interview. Vaught had expected to also welcome him into his home this year before he had seen a draft of Trump’s order. “This executive order is based on ignorance and fear,” he said. “And you do not lead a country with ignorance and fear.” In Baghdad, the Iraqi man waiting for a visa recalled U.S, soldiers had laughed at his concerns, telling him the United States is too big a democracy to be changed on “the decision of one person like Trump,” he said. But he now wonders if the soldiers were right. In 2013, a USAID official encouraged his family to apply as refugees under the Direct Access program. He checked in every week or so, but is still waiting word on an appointment at the U.S. consulate for the necessary interview. The same year he filed his application, he was shot in the head while driving to work, hospitalizing him for a month and leaving him deaf in one ear. He connected that to the threats that had often flashed as text messages on his cellphone, sent by Islamist militants angered by his wife’s work for USAID. Others in Iraq remained hopeful they would eventually get out.  An Iraqi man who worked for a U.S. defense contractor and later alongside U.S. troops as a mid-ranking Iraqi Army officer, recalled his excitement at getting the phone call a few weeks ago telling him that his family had an interview appointment at the U.S. consulate after two years and four applications.   He was hopeful it would still take place in mid-February, believing that American officials would be concerned about the threats to his family. He was unaware that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday temporarily halted trips by staff to interview applicants. “I believe this is politics, things you hear on the news,” he told Reuters by phone from Baghad on condition of anonymity. “I don’t think they would prevent Iraqis coming to America.” ",1
5931,Putin and Trump likely to discuss Ukraine sanctions: White House aide,"WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump are likely to discuss the sanctions that Washington imposed on Russia over the conflict in Ukraine when the two leaders speak by telephone on Saturday, a senior White House aide said. Trump has said in the past that, as part of a rapprochement he is seeking with Russia, he is prepared to review sanctions that his predecessor, Barack Obama, imposed on Russia over its 2014 annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea Peninsula. That move would face resistance from both influential figures in Washington and foreign leaders who believe sanctions should only be eased if Moscow complies with the West’s conditions on Ukraine. Among the U.S. sanctions causing the most pain to Russia are those targeting its financial services, limiting the Russian economy’s ability to raise debt, and its energy companies.  On the same day he speaks to Putin, Trump will have telephone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande, White House spokesman Sean Spicer wrote in a Tweet. Both Hollande and Merkel have argued that it is premature to ease the sanctions. Trump senior aide Kellyanne Conway said in U.S. television interviews on Friday that Trump and Putin would likely discuss a range of issues, including joint efforts to combat terrorism.  Asked on FOX News’s “Fox & Friends” program to comment on suggestions that the Obama administration sanctions would be on the agenda, Conway said: “All of that is under consideration.” The call will be the first between the Russian and U.S. leaders since Putin called Trump to congratulate him on his election victory in November.  It is a first step towards what Trump has billed as a normalization of relations after three years of tensions sparked by the conflict in Ukraine. Trump and Putin have never met and it was unclear how their very different personalities would gel. Trump is a flamboyant real estate deal-maker who often acts on gut instinct, while Putin is a former Soviet spy who calculates each step methodically. Both have spoken about ending the enmity that has dragged U.S.-Russia relations to their lowest ebb since the Cold War.     “Wouldn’t it be nice if we actually got along with people? Wouldn’t it be nice if we actually got along, as an example, with Russia? I am all for it,” Trump told a news conference in July last year. Trump is under intense scrutiny at home from critics who say he was elected with help from Russian intelligence — an allegation he denies — and that he is too ready to cut deals with a country that many of his own officials say is a threat to U.S. security. Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov, said the Russian leader would use the call to congratulate Trump on taking office and to exchange views on U.S.-Russian ties. Asked by reporters if Ukraine would come up, Peskov said: “This is the first telephone contact since President Trump took office, so one should hardly expect that (it)...will involve substantive discussions across the whole range of issues.  “We’ll see, let’s be patient.” If Putin and Trump can establish a rapport, it could pave the way for deals on Ukraine and Syria, two sources of friction during the administration of Barack Obama. For the Russian leader, there is much to gain. Putin is expected to run for re-election next year, but is hampered by a sluggish economy. A softening or removal of sanctions would allow Western investment and credit to flow in, lifting growth and strengthening Putin’s election prospects. Any move by Trump to ease sanctions would create a dilemma for the European Union, which has its own set of sanctions against Russia linked to the Ukraine crisis. Some governments in Europe are sympathetic with Trump’s stance and keen for relief from sanctions that are hurting trade with Russia. Others in the bloc believe Moscow has not met the conditions for the sanctions to be lifted. Merkel, who faces a re-election battle, has invested considerable political capital in keeping the EU aligned behind the sanctions. A German diplomat told Reuters last month: “If Trump lifts the sanctions, I fear the consensus in Europe would crumble.” Merkel and French President Francois Hollande met in Berlin on Friday, underlining the challenges for European unity in the face of a new U.S. president who has promised to shake up the status quo in international affairs. “Let’s say it honestly, there is the challenge posed by the new U.S. administration, regarding trade rules and what our position will be on managing conflicts in the world,” Hollande, who will leave office after an April-May election, told reporters.  ",1
5932,Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The presidents of the United States and Mexico spoke by phone on Friday after relations between the neighboring countries frayed further over Donald Trump’s border wall plan, with the U.S. leader calling the talk friendly but still demanding reworked trade and other ties. The call between Trump and Enrique Pena Nieto came a day after the Mexican president scrapped a meeting set for next week at the White House over Trump’s demand that Mexico pay for a multibillion-dollar wall along the lengthy southern U.S. border with Mexico. Mexico insists it will not pay for it. Both countries issued statements saying Trump and Pena Nieto recognized their clear differences of opinion on the payment demand, and agreed to settle the matter as part of a broader discussion on all aspects of the two nations’ relationship. Financial markets took news of the call as a sign that the crisis in U.S-Mexican relations just days after Trump took office had eased. Mexico’s peso rose on the news. Mexico’s government statement said Trump and Pena Nieto agreed not to talk publicly for now about payment for the wall. The White House did not immediately clarify whether Trump had agreed not to publicly discuss how the wall would be paid for. During a joint news conference at the White House with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May after the call, Trump did not mention the wall even as he spoke expansively about U.S. relations with Mexico. “As you know, Mexico - with the United States - has out-negotiated us and beat us to a pulp through our past leaders. They’ve made us look foolish,” Trump told the news conference. “We have a trade deficit of $60 billion with Mexico. On top of that, the border is soft and weak, drugs are pouring in,” added Trump, who during the U.S. presidential campaign accused Mexico of sending rapists and other criminals into the United States. The United States had a $58.8 billion trade deficit with its southern neighbor in the 11 months ending last November. Trump called his hour long talk with Pena Nieto “very, very friendly,” said he has a “very good relationship” with him and expressed “great respect for Mexico.” Mexico and the White House both called the meeting productive and constructive. Nevertheless, Trump showed no signs of backing off pledges to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada and slap high tariffs on American companies that have moved jobs south of the border. Mexico sends 80 percent of its exports to the United States, and about half of Mexico’s foreign direct investment over the past two decades has come from its northern neighbor. “We are going to be working on a fair relationship and a new relationship” with Mexico, Trump told the news conference with May. “But the United States cannot continue to lose vast amounts of business, vast amounts of companies and millions and millions of people losing their jobs. That won’t happen with me.” Trump said the United States will renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of America’s relationship with Mexico, adding, “And in the end I think it will be good for both countries.” U.S. congressional leaders said on Thursday they would take up legislation to provide $12 billion to $15 billion to pay for the wall. Trump, who has insisted that Mexico will reimburse the United States for the entire cost, signed a directive on Wednesday for the wall to proceed, part of a package of measures aimed at curbing illegal immigration. The wall plan has angered Mexicans, and Trump’s policies toward Mexico have put Pena Nieto on the defensive. The Republican president views the wall, a major promise during his election campaign, as part of a package of measures to curb illegal immigration. Mexico has long insisted it will not heed Trump’s demands to pay for the construction project.  On Thursday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer sent the Mexican peso falling when he told reporters that Trump wanted a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports to pay for the wall. Spicer gave few details, but his comments resembled an existing idea, known as a border adjustment tax, that the Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives is considering as part of a broad tax overhaul. Trump said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday that there were options besides an import tax that could be “much more positive” for both countries. The White House said Friday’s call also covered “the importance of the friendship between the two nations, and the need for the two nations to work together to stop drug cartels, drug trafficking and illegal guns and arms sales.” Mexico’s government said the U.S. trade deficit also came up. In Mexico City, billionaire Mexican businessman Carlos Slim  said a united Mexico was ready to help the government negotiate with Trump and called on all political parties to support Pena Nieto in his discussions with the U.S. president. In a rare news conference by the generally media-shy mogul, Slim said Mexico needed to negotiate from a position of strength, noting that Trump, who he called a “great negotiator,” represented a major change in how politics will be conducted.  ",1
5933,Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru and Colombia vowed to stand with Mexico as the country faces an uncertain economic future and grapples with a crisis with the United States just days into U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration. Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said members of the Latin American trade bloc the Pacific Alliance must double down on efforts to open markets and strengthen ties as they navigate the “turbulent waters” of protectionist rhetoric. Peru, Colombia, Chile and Mexico formed the Pacific Alliance in 2011 to remove obstacles to trade and orient their markets to the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region. “Right now one of us is facing serious difficulties that are not of its own making,” Kuczynski said in reference to Mexico as he sat beside his Colombian counterpart on an official visit. “We have to stand together on our ideals, on global trade which has done us so much good.” Though Kuczynski did not mention Trump by name, his comments were some of the first rumblings of displeasure with the Trump administration from traditional U.S. allies in Latin America. Trump has insisted he will force Mexico to pay for a wall between the two countries to curb illegal immigration and drug trafficking. He has also threatened to slap taxes on Mexican imports and tear up the regional trade deal NAFTA if he cannot renegotiate it to ensure more benefits for the United States. The Mexican peso has been rocked by tensions between the two countries, firming on Friday after Trump said he had a friendly phone call with Mexican President Pena Nieto. “There are clouds of uncertainty around the world,” Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said. “We want to join the call of countries that adhere to the principles that have been so good for the world: free trade, respect for treaties... multilateral solutions.” Santos said he spoke with Pena Nieto by phone on Thursday, when the Mexican leader announced he canceled a meeting with Trump as a diplomatic crisis over the proposed wall deepened. Kuczynski, a former investment banker who spent years living in the United States, said the four countries in the Pacific Alliance represent a market of some 200 million people and that each has emerged from economic crisis in the past by opening markets to global trade. “Of course there are costs to global trade, of course there are job losses, but it’s also clear that the benefits are bigger,” Kuczynski said. ",1
5934,Trump signs order for tighter vetting to prevent terrorism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday signed an executive order he said would impose tighter vetting to prevent foreign terrorists from entering the United States. “I’m establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America,” Trump said at Pentagon ceremony. “We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people,” he said. Trump also signed an order he said would begin the rebuilding of the U.S. military by “developing a plan for new planes, new ships, new resources and new tools for our men and women in uniform.” ",1
5935,Trump says he will defer to Defense Secretary Mattis on waterboarding,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that he would defer to Defense Secretary James Mattis regarding the use of waterboarding as an intelligence-gathering tool, even though Trump said he still believes the practice works. Trump said Mattis does not “necessarily believe” in waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques, which many lawmakers and other rights groups denounce as torture. “I don’t necessarily agree, but I would tell you that he will override because I’m giving him that power,” Trump said of Mattis during a joint press conference at the White House with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May. “I happen to feel that it does work. I’ve been open about that for a long period of time. But I am going with our leaders,” Trump said. ",1
5936,Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will speak by phone with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Saturday morning, the White House said on Friday. Abe is scheduled to visit the White House next month. A  Trump administration official said on Thursday the new U.S. president will seek quick progress toward a bilateral trade agreement with Japan in place of a broader Asia-Pacific deal he abandoned this week. ",1
5937,Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s combative style has buffeted Mexico’s president for months, but deeply unpopular Enrique Pena Nieto may end up thanking the new U.S. president for prompting offended Mexicans to rally behind their leader.  From billionaire business magnate Carlos Slim to political opponents, there has been a groundswell of support for Pena Nieto, who has cut a lonely figure in months of bruising encounters with Trump. Often referred to by his initials EPN, Pena Nieto is laboring under the worst approval ratings of any Mexican president in decades due to discontent over corruption, gang violence, sluggish growth and a jump in fuel prices.     Trump’s threats to scrap the NAFTA trade deal with Mexico and build a border wall have caused anger and left Mexicans feeling fearful for the future. His challenge to Pena Nieto on Thursday - saying he should skip a planned summit between the two leaders if Mexico wasn’t willing to pay for the wall - was the final straw. Pena Nieto replied a couple of hours later that he had canceled his meeting with Trump, one of the president’s biggest ever hits on Twitter, getting more “likes” than when he personally broke news of the capture of notorious drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman in January of last year. “Bravo EPN!,” cheered former President Vicente Fox, who had initially condemned Pena Nieto for inviting Trump to Mexico for talks last August, and who has waged a colorful and expletive-ridden campaign against the Republican on Twitter. Pena Nieto and Trump talked for about an hour by phone on Friday, pledging to work out their differences and agreeing not to speak about the wall in public for now. Meanwhile, calls for unity grew in Mexico, led by Slim, a normally media-shy 76-year-old who gave a 90-minute news conference in support of the government on Friday. “This is the most surprising example of national unity I’ve seen in my life,” said Slim, who spent several years in the past decade as the world’s richest man. “We have to back the president of Mexico so he can defend our national interests.” Senior opposition leaders also urged a common front. “It’s time to show unity and our commitment to Mexico,” Alejandra Barrales, head of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), said on Twitter. Pena Nieto’s credibility has been battered by a widespread public perception that he has failed to battle corruption and indeed even encouraged it since a conflict-of-interest row embroiled him, his wife and a top minister in late 2014. Some opposition critics fear the government will try to use Trump as a screen to distract from its failings. However, two senior officials told Reuters they hoped Pena Nieto would seize the moment to act quickly and decisively to improve his image. Expressions of dismay at Trump’s behavior towards Mexico have almost become a national pastime, and talk of boycotts against U.S. companies is gathering steam on social media. Slim, when asked about boycotting at his news conference, said it wasn’t a good idea to turn on U.S. companies, which are creating jobs in Mexico. Some foreign companies voiced support for Mexico too. “I feel Mexico is being subjected to terror at the moment,” said Andreas Schindler, co-owner of German fruit wholesaler Don Limon’s parent Pilz Schindler, by phone from Hamburg. “We’re right behind Mexico.” ",1
5938,"Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Billionaire Carlos Slim said on Friday that Mexico should not fear Donald Trump, seeing opportunities for his country in the U.S. president’s economic policies, and praising Mexicans for uniting behind their government in talks with the northern neighbor. In a rare news conference, the telecommunications and construction mogul called Trump a negotiator, “not Terminator” and said his repeated attacks on Mexico had united the country, giving President Enrique Pena Nieto “strength” in trade and border security talks. “This is the most surprising example of national unity that I’ve had the pleasure of seeing in my life,” said Slim, who turns 77 on Saturday. He compared Mexicans’ response to that when a devastating earthquake that hit Mexico City in 1985. “We have to back the president of Mexico so he defends our national interests.” Slim spoke to reporters after Pena Nieto on Thursday canceled a planned Washington summit with Trump following a tweet by the American that he should stay away unless Mexico agreed to pay for a border wall. Aiming to cool tensions, the two presidents spoke for an hour by phone on Friday, and the battered peso currency strengthened. Trump’s threats to impose steep tariffs on Mexican products have ravaged the peso and spread worries about the economy, which is heavily dependent on the U.S. market.  However, Slim, who spoke out against his fellow billionaire during the U.S. election campaign but had dinner with him after the Nov. 8 victory at the polls, said Trump’s policies aimed at growing the U.S. economy would boost Mexico’s growth as well as provide jobs for Mexican laborers living north of the border.     “The circumstances in the United States are very favorable for Mexico,” Slim said, adding that he has not had any communication with Trump’s team since the December dinner. “It wasn’t a romance,” he joked about the meeting. Referring repeatedly to Trump’s books and other writings, Slim argued that people should not be surprised at Trump’s actions because it is all in his book “Great Again: How to Fix Our Crippled America,” which Slim said he had not finished reading. “He’s a great negotiator,” Slim said. He said businesses should not be too worried if Trump’s policies led to the collapse of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) underpinning Mexico’s economy, saying the country could fall back on World Trade Organization tariffs. He said Mexican workers in the United States would benefit from Trump’s planned infrastructure push, but warned that U.S. protectionism and other policies could hurt American consumers.  “Among these changes is a return to the past, what a dear friend called ‘regressive utopias’,” he said, calling on the United States to focus on advanced manufacturing. Asked about Trump’s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, Slim said the best barrier to illegal immigration would be investment that created opportunities and jobs in Mexico. Before the highly-anticipated news conference, speculation had been growing about whether Slim might try to run for president in 2018, but he poured cold water on that talk. “I think I can do more on the business side,” he said. Slim’s largest companies do not have much obvious exposure to any border tax Trump might impose on Mexican imports. His high-profile holding in the New York Times Co, made him a target during the U.S. campaign, when Trump accused him of using the newspaper to try to help Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. Slim’s shares have limited voting rights. Slim on Friday said he had been selling New York Times stock, but his son-in-law later said this was not correct. At the conference he was flanked by two of his sons, Carlos and Marco Antonio, and his son-in-law, Arturo Elias, with other family members watching. Most of the Slim family’s wealth comes from Latin America-focused telecoms giant America Movil. America Movil does have a substantial U.S. business called TracFone which sells prepaid phone plans to customers and rents the networks of big operators. His next largest companies are retail and industrial conglomerate Grupo Carso and Mexico-focused bank Grupo Financiero Inbursa. ",1
5939,Prosecutors will not pursue Bridgegate charges against New Jersey governor,"(Reuters) - New Jersey prosecutors on Friday said they would not pursue criminal misconduct charges against Governor Chris Christie in connection with the “Bridgegate” scandal. The Office of the Bergen County Prosecutor said in a letter to a local judge it did not have sufficient evidence to prove allegations that Christie knew about a plot to close lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 in order to punish a local mayor for failing to endorse Christie’s re-election bid. “The reason is simple, but compelling - that charge cannot be proven beyond a reasonable doubt,” the letter said. Bill Brennan, a retired firefighter and activist who announced he would run for governor this year, filed the citizen complaint against Christie last September. Two former Christie allies were convicted last year of orchestrating the lane closure plot, and U.S. prosecutors introduced evidence at trial suggesting the governor was at least aware of the scheme. Christie has steadfastly denied that he knew about the closures at the time. Roy McGeady, a municipal judge in Fort Lee, had found probable cause to allow the case against Christie to proceed after a hearing at which Brennan testified. Christie’s lawyer was not permitted to argue or cross-examine, McGeady said, because the governor was not a defendant until probable cause was established. Bergen County Superior Court Judge Bonnie Mizdol rejected Christie’s subsequent request to toss the complaint outright. But she agreed with both Christie’s lawyers and county prosecutors that McGeady erroneously denied the governor’s attorney an opportunity to participate. The Bergen County Prosecutor’s Office said in the letter that citizen complaints typically allege minor crimes of which the complainant has personal knowledge. The letter said criminal misconduct was far outside that scope. “In short, a matter of this gravity should not have been heard by a municipal court judge,” the letter said. Brian Murray, a spokesman for Christie, applauded the decision on Friday. “The Governor is gratified that the Bergen County Prosecutor’s Office has ended this baseless fiasco began by Mr. Brennan and perpetuated by Judge McGeady,” Murray said in a statement. “It is right and appropriate that this injustice against the Governor is finally over.” ",1
5940,Trump Cabinet's First World problem: omitting a few million here and there,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s Cabinet is worth a combined $14 billion, and they are catching flak in recent weeks for confessing an inability to keep track of their vast sums of wealth. But private bankers who work with the ultra rich say that if they had a dollar for every time a client forgot about a million, they would be, well, almost as rich as their clients. “We see it all the time,” with new clients, said Chris Walters of GenSpring Family Offices, SunTrust Bank Inc’s (STI.N) branch for clients with more than $50 million in assets. “It’s not that they are surprised they own the asset. They just omitted it in the inventory.” Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) partner who is Trump’s pick to lead the U.S. Treasury Department, was grilled by members of the Senate last week for inadvertently failing to disclose more than $100 million in real estate. On Tuesday, the nominee for head of the budget office, Mick Mulvaney, said he did not realize he needed to pay $15,000 in federal taxes for a nanny until scrutinizing his finances more closely for confirmation proceedings.  Trump himself said in an interview with Reuters last March that he does not pay much attention to his own investments in hedge funds and mutual funds. “I have no idea how they are doing. I don’t really care,” Trump said. “I’m in a lot of things. I may be in a few funds. I have no idea if they are up or down. I just know that they have been very good over a period of time.” Trump’s lawyer Sheri Dillon has since said that he has liquidated all of his investments. Senate leadership has delayed confirmation hearings for three other wealthy Trump nominees to allow more time for nominees to file disclosures and to accommodate schedules. In response to questions about how people with millions or billions of dollars who hire experts to carefully tally their vast wealth could lose track of such big chunks of money, private bankers and family office managers said their clients simply live much more complicated financial lives than ordinary people. About one-in-five people with more than $25 million in assets hire advisers to take care of tasks like paying daily bills, managing staff at multiple homes and keeping track of assets around the globe, according to a report by research firm Spectrem. Advisers say their clients need this type of assistance because they work, socialize and travel too frequently to take care of mundane tasks themselves. Eileen Foley, head of Bank of New York Mellon Corp’s (BK.N) family office business, said that some clients want daily reports detailing every dollar that goes in and out of each account. They also ask for daily reports on investments, tangible assets, properties and liabilities. When a client is nominated for a position on the board of a public company or in government, this type of daily monitoring can help she said: “It’s not a fire drill.” But even with that type of due diligence, clients often forget to mention assets held by multiple people, like limited partnerships. Those structures are harder for advisers to discover in financial statements, because they are often structured to keep ownership opaque. Mnuchin, for instance, failed to disclose around $900,000 worth of artwork held by his children, according to media reports. Mnuchin did not respond to requests for comment. He also did not initially disclose homes in New York, Los Angeles and Mexico. The complexity of a rich person’s financial life usually builds over time as they acquire houses and collections and other belongings, advisers said. In many cases, if a client has not been forced to detail all their assets or confirm that every domestic employee has insurance coverage, then they probably have not done it, said Bill Woodson, head of North American family offices at Citigroup Inc’s (C.N) private bank. “It’s understandable why” they forget, he said. “It doesn’t excuse it.” (This story corrects spelling of flak in first paragraph). ",1
5941,Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he is only in the early stages of considering whether to lift U.S. sanctions on Russia, as British Prime Minister Theresa May, other foreign officials and U.S. lawmakers cautioned that such a move would be premature. With Trump expected to speak by phone on Saturday with Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time since taking power a week ago, speculation has been rife that he is close to lifting sanctions imposed by then-President Barack Obama over Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea Peninsula in 2014. Such a move would likely cause consternation among European allies as well as many in the U.S. Congress who are also troubled by Russia’s intervention in the Syrian civil war and by U.S. intelligence agencies’ finding that Moscow meddled in the U.S. election campaign. “As far as the sanctions, (it is) very early to be talking about that,” Trump said, while insisting that he wanted to follow through on his campaign pledge to pursue better relations with Russia. His caution on the Russian sanctions came in response to a question at a joint news conference at the White House with May, the first foreign leader to visit the president since his inauguration. May made clear Britain wants to continue sanctions until Putin carries out the requirements in a ceasefire agreement arranged in Minsk, Belarus, in 2014. This view is shared by European allies who fear Putin could become more expansionist if he feels Trump will not intervene. “We believe the sanctions should continue until we see the Minsk agreement fully implemented. And we’ve been continuing to argue that inside the European Union,” May said. The boisterous Trump and reserved May took pains to demonstrate a readiness to maintain the “special relationship” between the United States and Britain, something that is particularly important for May as she steers Britain out of the European Union.  They posed for photos before a bust of Winston Churchill in the Oval Office and Trump accepted an invitation from Queen Elizabeth to visit Britain later this year. The two leaders held hands briefly as they walked down the White House colonnade to their news conference in the East Room. Later, they lunched on beef shortribs in the State Dining Room. At the news conference, Trump showed flashes of the pugnacious willingness to dispense with formality that helped him win the Nov. 8 election, registering his displeasure when a British reporter asked him what he had to say to those who are “worried about you becoming the leader of the free world.” “This was your choice of a question?” Trump said with a half smile. Then, nodding toward May as laughter erupted, he added: “There goes that relationship.” On ties with Moscow, Trump has long bucked establishment Washington thinking by voicing a belief that, as he said on Friday, it would be a “tremendous asset” to have a positive relationship with Russia. A long-time Putin critic, U.S. Senator John McCain, who like Trump is a Republican, urged Trump not to lift the sanctions, saying that he should “reject such a reckless course.” “If he does not, I will work with my colleagues to codify sanctions against Russia into law,” said McCain, a long-time Putin critic. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top U.S. elected Republican, told Politico of the sanctions that “I think they should stay.” Former NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen, now an adviser to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, urged caution against reversing sanctions without winning concessions from Moscow, saying that, “easing sanctions will only embolden Russia’s aggression in the region, putting the security interests of Ukraine and the United States in jeopardy.” The White House encounter between Trump and May was heavily scrutinized for signs on how the relationship would develop between the leaders of two key members of the NATO alliance, who are markedly different in style but who both owe their rise to power to a tide of anti-establishment feeling in their countries. “I’m not as brash as you might think,” Trump said at the news conference. “I’m a people person and I think you are too, Theresa. I think we’re going to have a fantastic relationship.” Trump, a wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV star, had never held public office when he was elected in November. May stepped in to lead Britain after the June referendum Brexit vote to leave the EU that prompted her Conservative predecessor, David Cameron, to resign. It was notable that Trump did not give much in the way of vocal support for NATO, which he has previously declared obsolete. It was left up to May to issue support for NATO in her opening remarks at their news conference, and to encourage Trump’s backing.”On defense and security cooperation, we are united in our recognition of NATO as the bulwark of our collective defense,” she said. “Today we’ve reaffirmed our unshakeable commitment to this alliance – Mr. President I think you confirmed that you are 100 percent behind NATO.”  (This version of the story has been refiled to clarify in 14th and 15th paragraphs on McCain’s remark on Trump and lifting of sanction; clarifying to show that comment “if he does not” refers to rejection of “a reckless course.” ",1
5942,Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Friday: Trump, scheduled to speak by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday, says he is in the early stages of considering whether to lift U.S. sanctions on Russia, but British Prime Minister Theresa May, other foreign officials and U.S. lawmakers say such a move would be premature. The United States’ and Mexico’s leaders speak by phone after relations between the two countries frayed further over Trump’s border wall plan, with the U.S. president calling the talk friendly but still demanding reworked trade and other ties. Nikki Haley, the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, pledges to overhaul the world body and warns U.S. allies that if they do not support Washington, then she is “taking names” and will respond. Trump signs an executive order he says will impose tighter vetting to prevent foreign terrorists from entering the United States. Trump says Syrian Christians will be given priority when it comes to applying for refugee status in the United States. Trump’s executive order taking away federal funding from “sanctuary cities” has an exemption for one of his favorite constituencies, the police, who would be protected from cuts. Opponents say that could be grounds for a legal challenge. Vice President Mike Pence fires up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists in Washington for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with Trump’s election. Pence reportedly tells Republicans a “full evaluation of voting rules” will likely be part of the Trump administration’s investigation into what the president claims is widespread voting fraud. Defense Secretary James Mattis orders cost-cutting reviews of two major aircraft programs, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 fighter jet and Boeing’s next-generation Air Force One presidential plane, according to Pentagon memos. Trump’s Cabinet is worth a combined $14 billion, and they have been catching flak in recent weeks for confessing an inability to keep track of their vast wealth. Trump’s move to revive the Keystone XL oil pipeline is part of his plan to boost U.S. drillers and create new U.S. jobs, but the project’s biggest winners may be Canadian. ",1
5943,"EPA confirms White House freeze on grants, contracts ends Friday","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said that a freeze  handed down by President Donald Trump’s White House on new contracts and grants that has led to fears of delays in toxic pollution cleanups would be completely reversed on Friday or at latest on Monday.  The freeze has led to widespread concerns in states and cities about potential delays in efforts to monitor and clean up toxic pollution, particularly lead pollution in drinking water, that would put the health of Americans at risk. The agency allocates nearly $4 billion annually on projects ranging from cleaning up polluted industrial sites to testing air and water for toxins. Doug Ericksen, a former Washington state senator who is the EPA’s new communications director, said in an email that $3.8 billion of the $3.9 billion in contracts and grants was cleared on Wednesday night. “The remainder should be cleared today. There might be a very small number left for Monday, but not likely.”  The EPA has not issued any news releases about ending the freeze, which has led to uncertainty.  On Thursday, a day after Ericksen said the vast majority of the contracts and grants were cleared, five Democratic senators, including Edward Markey and Tom Carper, wrote a letter to Trump “with alarm” urging him to “immediately reverse this troubling action.”     Ericksen said they should rest assured. “No projects are delayed or cut. None. Not sure how much more clear I can be,” he said in the email.  U.S. Representative Dan Kildee from Flint, Michigan, home to the lead poisoning crisis in drinking water, also wrote to Trump this week asking when the freeze would be lifted. An EPA spokeswoman told Kildee’s office that $100 million in congressional aid would not be affected by the freeze. But Kildee was uncertain whether contracts and grants centering on testing and expertise about the lead crisis would be delayed. A Kildee spokesman said on Friday that the congressman had still not gotten a written response to his letter from Trump or the EPA.  The EPA sent employees an internal memo late on Friday, seen by Reuters that said it was making progress in lifting the freeze, which it called standard practice during a transition. “As of today, we have completed review of our grant programs,” the memo said. “The review of contracts is nearly complete, with very few contracts still under review,” the memo said, without elaborating.  ",1
5944,Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator',"(Reuters) - Mexico’s wealthiest man Carlos Slim on Friday said Donald Trump was a negotiator, “not Terminator,” as he tried to calm his country’s fears that the U.S. president’s polices will wreck the economy.  In a rare news conference, Slim said he expected Trump’s “hyperactivity” to cool down with time, and that he was ready to help the country in any way possible, when asked if he would be willing to mediate between the two countries. ",1
5945,Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said in an interview on Friday that he has the right to impose a tax on imports from Mexico, but there were other options that could be “much more positive” for both countries. “It’s something that I have the right to do. It’s something I can impose if I want,” Trump said in an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network. But Trump, noting he had just spoken with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, said the two countries were “getting along actually very well.” “So I’m not against something like that but with respect to Mexico, something else could happen which would be much more positive for both Mexico and the United States,” Trump said. ",1
5946,Two Florida ports cancel plans to ink pacts with Cuba,"MIAMI (Reuters) - Two Florida ports have canceled plans to sign cooperation pacts with Communist-ruled Cuba after state Governor Rick Scott threatened to cancel their funding if they did business with the “Cuban dictatorship.” The news comes as Cuba watchers are looking closely for signs of how the United States’ fragile detente with Cuba will fare under President Donald Trump. Trump has threatened to scrap moves to normalize relations, one of former President Barack Obama’s signature foreign policy initiatives, if he doesn’t get “a better deal.” “Disappointed some (Florida ports) would enter into any agreement with Cuban dictatorship,” Scott wrote on Twitter on Wednesday. “I will recommend restricting state funds for ports that work with Cuba in my budget. Port authorities along the U.S. Southern coast are strong proponents of increased trade and travel with Cuba, and some have expressed interest in using Mariel, located on the northwest coast of the Caribbean island, as a transshipment hub. The Ports of Everglades and Palm Beach had been planning to sign agreements with Cuba during the visit of a Cuban trade delegation this week but said they decided to withdraw the deals. Port of Everglades spokeswoman Ellen Kennedy said this move would not impact trade with Cuba, which was conducted by tenants rather than the ports themselves. One of Port Everglades’ tenants, Crowley Maritime Corporation, has been exporting U.S.-made goods including poultry and medicine to Cuba since obtaining a license to do so from the Office of Foreign Asset Control in late 2001.  On Tuesday, Crowley also imported two containers of charcoal from Cuba, the first direct legal import from Cuba to the United States in more than half a century. Kennedy said the memorandum of understanding had been  designed to be a “good will gesture” to form a strong alliance with Cuban ports. Cuba and the United States have restored diplomatic ties and signed various cooperation agreements since Obama agreed with Cuban President Raul Castro in December 2014 to work to normalize relations. Obama, a Democrat, used executive orders to circumvent the longstanding U.S. trade embargo on Cuba and ease some restrictions on travel and business. The embargo can only be lifted by the U.S. Congress, which is controlled by Republicans. Trump, who can reverse Obama’s executive orders, has threatened to end the detente if Cuba does not make further political and other concessions, although he has not specified what these should be. ",1
5947,Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. President Donald Trump’s “America First” rhetoric and confrontational negotiating style have sparked frantic calls to the White House and Congress from diplomats and lobbyists concerned the United States no longer has their back. When word swirled through Washington on Thursday that Trump might be preparing to ease U.S. sanctions on Russia, worried European diplomats began calling the National Security Council and asking if the rumors were true, said a former U.S. official familiar with the situation. The White House officials could not answer their questions because they, too, have been kept in the dark, said the former official, who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.Trump’s new United Nations ambassador, Nikki Haley, sent another shiver through America’s allies on Friday, warning them that if they do not have Washington’s back, she is “taking names” and will respond. “Trump’s foreign policy is totally unpredictable,” said a senior official of the 28-nation European Union, which Trump has said is bound for a break-up. Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson “have said all the right things,” the EU official said. “But this could be like the Iraq war policy all over again, when we saw how a segment of government decides policy, not the secretary of state.” Another Western diplomat said foreign ambassadors were explaining their countries’ positions to Congress in the hope that they would find their way to the White House. Other countries are expanding their lobbying efforts. At the end of last year, Ukraine signed a $50,000-a-month lobbying contract with Haley Barbour, a former Republican chairman and Mississippi governor. In January, the government-run China Council for the Promotion of International Trade hired Husch Blackwell LLP, to lobby about the importation of stainless steel, according to records filed with the Department of Justice.  Some uncertainty is normal when a new U.S. president finds his footing and voice on foreign affairs and installs his people in policy-making slots. But in the week since his inauguration, Trump has sent a blizzard of conflicting signals, and key slots at the State and Defense departments and the NSC remain vacant. “We’re trying to figure out who is who,” one European diplomat said, referring to efforts to determine whether long-standing tenets of U.S. foreign policy still apply. One of President Trump’s first major meetings, with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, was canceled due to Trump’s demand Mexico pay for a border wall he plans to build. The two spoke by telephone on Friday after the cancellation. Trump said Wednesday he would back safe zones for refugees in Syria, but gave no indication how he would coordinate this with Turkey, Russia and allies in Europe and the Middle East. Presidential spokesman Sean Spicer’s suggestion the United States would stop China from taking over territory in the South China Sea and Trump’s Jan. 2 tweet that a threatened North Korean test of an intercontinental ballistic missile “won’t happen” could raise the chances of a military confrontation, Asian officials said. Some commentators say it’s too soon for allies to panic. “It is not appropriate to be too worried, but it is not appropriate not to worry at all,” said Fumiaki Kubo, a professor of American government history at the University of Tokyo. A senior official from a member of the Five Eyes nations that make up the world’s leading intelligence-sharing network said it was still important to keep intelligence channels open with Washington. The grouping comprises the United States, Australia, Canada, Britain and New Zealand. “We will continue to share intelligence with the Americans, who supply the majority of information that circulates among the Five Eyes. If we hold data back from them, they could decide to do the same to us, and then we would suffer much worse consequences.” But others suggested that the greater the uncertainty and the longer it lasts, the greater the chances of miscalculations by other nations that could harm U.S. interests. The high geopolitical anxiety is most evident in East Asia, where China’s ambitions are colliding with longstanding U.S. dominance in the Pacific. During his presidential campaign, Trump suggested Japan and South Korea, which rely on a U.S. security umbrella, should defend themselves or pay Washington more to do so. Defense secretary Mattis will make his first overseas trip next week to the two countries, a choice intended to send a “reassurance message,” a Trump administration official said. “This is for all of the people who were concerned during the campaign that then-candidate, now President Trump was skeptical of our alliances and was somehow going to retreat from our traditional leadership role in the region,” said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity. Yet Mattis has voiced sharply different opinions from Trump on key questions, including the value of the NATO alliance and the threat from Russia, and that has led officials in Tokyo and Seoul to wonder who speaks for U.S. policy. Trump took a call from President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan, which Beijing considers a rogue province, and has questioned Washington’s decades-old adherence to the “one China” principle. “China’s attitude at the moment is very cautious, but that does not mean weak,” said Shi Yinhong, who heads the Centre for American Studies at Beijing’s Renmin University and has advised the government. Allies, though, worry that instead of being based partly on shared values such as democracy, free trade, and the rule of law, their dealings with the United States might become transactional and start to resemble Trump’s real estate deals.”We are business people. We are not going to govern this country with diplomatic niceties; we are going to govern this country as a business,” said a Western diplomat, quoting a Trump advisor. ",1
5948,"No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration will not issue executive orders calling for a review of international treaties and U.S. funding of the United Nations and other international bodies “at this time,” a senior U.S. administration official said on Friday. The Trump administration was preparing executive orders that would review U.S. funding of the United Nations and other international organizations and certain forms of multilateral treaties, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. “We remain committed to supporting the useful and necessary work performed by such organizations and alliances, and look forward to continuing that support,” the official told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity. “While no executive orders on these subjects are expected at this time, this president and his administration intend to be watchful stewards of the American people’s interests and of the American taxpayer’s dollars,” the official added. It was immediately clear why the orders were being shelved. According to one draft executive order published by The Daily Beast, Trump wants a committee, including his secretary of state, attorney general and director of national intelligence, to carry out a one-year review of U.S. funding to international organizations with the aim of almost halving voluntary funding. The United States is the largest contributor to the United Nations, paying 22 percent of the $5.4 billion core U.N. budget and 28 percent of the $7.9 billion U.N. peacekeeping budget. These are assessed contributions - agreed by the U.N. General Assembly - and not voluntary payments. U.N. agencies, such as the U.N. Development Programme, the children’s agency UNICEF, the World Food Programme and the U.N. Population Fund, are funded voluntarily. The new U.S. ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, pledged on Friday to overhaul the world body and warned U.S. allies that if they did not support Washington then she is “taking names” and will respond. During her Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing this month, Haley said she did not back “slashing” U.N. funding. ",1
5949,U.S. Senate Leader McConnell opposes lifting Russia sanctions: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate’s Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Friday he opposes lifting any sanctions on Russia, a day before President Donald Trump is to have his first official telephone conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “These sanctions were imposed because of their behavior in Crimea, eastern Ukraine and now we know they’ve been messing around in our elections as well,” McConnell said in an interview with Politico on Friday. “If there’s any country in the world that doesn’t deserve sanctions relief, it’s Russia.” ",1
5950,Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 2:43 PM EST/1943 GMT,"(Reuters) - Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration on Friday: U.S.-BRITAIN Trump says he wants good relations with Russia and declined to say whether he was ready to lift sanctions on Moscow, which visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May said must stay in place. U.S.-MEXICO A day after Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto canceled a Washington trip, Trump says they had a friendly phone call but asserted he will renegotiate trade deals and other aspects of the countries’ ties because Mexico has “beat us to a pulp” in the past. The White House says that Trump and Pena Nieto recognized their differences on Trump’s plan to build a wall on the southern U.S. border but have agreed to “work these differences out.” Trump is poised to sign an executive order on Friday to temporarily halt refugees from some Muslim-majority nations from entering the United States, a White House official says. Trump’s executive order taking away federal funding from “sanctuary cities” has an exemption for one of his favorite constituencies, the police, who would be protected from cuts. But opponents say that could be grounds for a legal challenge. U.S.-RUSSIA Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin are likely to discuss the sanctions that Washington imposed on Russia over the conflict in Ukraine when the two leaders speak by telephone on Saturday, a senior White House aide says. U.S. Senator John McCain, addressing speculation about lifting sanctions, hopes the administration will reject that “reckless course” and calls Putin a murderer and thug.  Vice President Mike Pence fires up tens of thousands of anti-abortion activists in Washington for the 44th March for Life, celebrating a political shift in their favor with Trump’s election. U.S.-U.N. Nikki Haley, the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, pledges to overhaul the world body and warns U.S. allies that if they do not support Washington, then she is “taking names” and will respond. Trump’s move to revive the Keystone XL oil pipeline is part of his plan to boost U.S. drillers and create new U.S. jobs, but the project’s biggest winners may be Canadian. Vice President Mike Pence reportedly tells Republicans a “full evaluation of voting rules” will likely be part of the Trump administration’s investigation into what the president claims is widespread voting fraud. ",1
5951,House Speaker Ryan says U.S. sanctions against Russia should stay,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday the United States should keep its sanctions against Russia, amid speculation that President Donald Trump may lift the punitive measures imposed under former President Barack Obama. “I think Obama was late in putting them in place, so I think they should stay,” Ryan said in an interview with Politico. Ryan, the top Republican in the U.S. Congress, was responding to a question about comments by Republican Senator John McCain that if Trump lifted the restrictions, he would work to “codify sanctions against Russia into law.” ",1
5952,"Trump, Mexico's Pena Nieto agree to work out differences on wall","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday that President Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto recognized their differences on Trump’s plan to build a wall on the southern U.S. border but have agreed to “work these differences out.” “With respect to payment for the border wall, both presidents recognize their clear and very public differences of positions on this issue but have agreed to work these differences out as part of a comprehensive discussion on all aspects of the bilateral relationship,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
5953,U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens as Trump aide floats border tax idea,"PHILADELPHIA/MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The White House on Thursday floated the idea of imposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for a wall at the southern U.S. border, sending the peso tumbling and deepening a crisis between the two neighbors. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto announced on Twitter around midday on Thursday that he was scrapping a planned trip to meet with U.S. President Donald Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border. Later in the day, White House spokesman Sean Spicer sent the Mexican peso falling to its low for the day when he told reporters that Trump wanted a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports to pay for construction of the wall. Spicer gave few details, but his comments resembled an existing idea, known as a border adjustment tax, that the Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives is considering as part of a broad tax overhaul.  The White House said later its proposal was in the early stages. Asked if Trump favored a border adjustment tax, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said such a tax would be “one way” of paying for the border wall. “It’s a buffet of options,” he said. The plan being weighed by House Republicans would exempt export revenues from taxation but impose a 20 percent tax on imported goods, a significant change from current U.S. policy. “If you tax exports from Mexico into the United States, you’re going to make things ranging from avocados to appliances to flat-screen tvs, you’re going to make them more expensive,” Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray told reporters at the Mexican Embassy in Washington on Thursday night. Countries like Mexico would not pay such taxes directly. Companies would face the tax if they import products made there into the United States, potentially raising prices for American consumers. The idea is unpopular with retailers and businesses that sell imported goods in the United States. It also has met opposition from some lawmakers worried about the impact on U.S. consumers. Trump himself appeared to pan the idea in a Wall Street Journal interview last week, saying the House border adjustment provision was “too complicated.” Even after Trump’s comments, congressional Republicans have continued to discuss the issue with White House officials in an effort to bring them on board with the idea. Trump, who visited Republican lawmakers at their policy retreat in Philadelphia, told them he would use tax reform legislation to pay for the border wall. “We’re working on a tax reform bill that will reduce our trade deficits, increase American exports and will generate revenue from Mexico that will pay for the wall if we decide to go that route,” he said. Trump, who took office last week, views the wall, a major promise during his election campaign, as part of a package of measures to curb illegal immigration. Mexico has long insisted it will not heed Trump’s demands to pay for the construction project. He signed an executive order for construction of the wall on Wednesday. The move provoked outrage in Mexico. A planned meeting between Videgaray and U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly was canceled, a department spokeswoman said.  Videgaray said Mexico would work with Trump but that paying for the wall was out of the question. “There are things that go beyond negotiation,” he said. “This is about our dignity and our pride.” Pena Nieto, who had been under pressure to cancel the summit, tweeted on Thursday: “We have informed the White House that I will not attend the working meeting planned for next Tuesday with @POTUS.” Trump had tweeted earlier that it would be better for the Mexican leader not to come if Mexico would not pay for the wall. He said later the meeting was canceled by mutual agreement. Relations have been frayed since Trump launched his presidential campaign in 2015, characterizing Mexican immigrants as murderers and rapists. His trade rhetoric has hit the Mexican economy, causing consumers to rein in spending and foreign businesses to wait on new investments, according to the International Monetary Fund. Trump has vowed to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada and slap high tariffs on American companies that have moved jobs south of the border. Mexico ships 80 percent of its exports to the United States, and about half of Mexico’s foreign direct investment has come from its northern neighbor over the past two decades. The United States runs a $58.8 billion trade deficit with Mexico, according to the latest U.S. government figures. But Mexico is also the United States’ second-largest export market. ",1
5954,Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations: White House official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is poised to sign an executive order on Friday to temporarily halt refugees from some Muslim-majority nations, a White House official said. On a visit to the Pentagon, Trump will also sign executive orders on military readiness and on national security, the official said. ",1
5955,Trump says Syrian Christian refugees will be given priority,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday that Syrian Christians will be given priority when it comes to applying for refugee status in the United States. “If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible and the reason that was so unfair, everybody was persecuted in all fairness, but they were chopping off the heads of everybody but more so the Christians,” Trump said in an excerpt of an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network. Pew Research Center said last October 38,901 Muslim refugees entered the United States in fiscal year 2016 from all countries - almost the same number of Christian refugees, 37,521.  Trump was expected to sign an executive order on Friday that would temporarily halt refugees from some Muslim-majority nations, a White House official said. ",1
5956,Trump says evangelicals will love his Supreme Court pick: TV interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday that evangelical Christians would love his choice to fill an open seat on the Supreme Court, adding that he is pretty certain who it will be but “not 100 percent.” “I think the person I pick will be big, big,” Trump said, according to a partial transcript of a Christian Broadcasting Network interview set to air in full on Sunday. “I think evangelicals, Christians will love my pick.” Trump has said he would make his decision this week and announce it next Thursday. ",1
5957,Trump says he had 'very good' call with Mexico's Pena Nieto,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he had a “very good” phone call with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Friday and agreed to work to improve ties after a meeting between the two leaders was scrapped amid a dispute over funding Trump’s planned border wall. “We had a very good call. I have been very strong on Mexico. I have great respect for Mexico ... but, as you know, Mexico with the United States has out-negotiated us and beat us to a pulp through our past leaders. They’ve made us look foolish,” Trump told a news conference at the White House. Trump said the call was friendly and he looked forward to renegotiating the U.S. trade relationship with Mexico in the future. ",1
5958,"Mexico, U.S. agree not to talk publicly about wall payment","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s President Enrique Pena Nieto and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump on Friday agreed not to talk publicly for now about payment of the wall the American wants to build on the United States’ southern border and that he says Mexico should finance. In a statement, Mexico’s government said that during a phone call on Friday, the two had held “constructive and productive” talks and broached issues including the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and the flow of illegal arms and drugs across the border. “Regarding payment of the border wall, both presidents recognized their clear and very public differences of opinion on this sensitive subject, and agreed to resolve their differences as part of a comprehensive discussion on all aspects of the bilateral relationship,” the statement said.  “The presidents also agreed for now to not talk publicly about this controversial issue.” ",1
5959,McCain warns Trump not to lift sanctions on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, commenting on Friday on speculation that President Donald Trump may lift sanctions on Russia, said he hoped the administration would reject that “reckless course.” “If he does not, I will work with my colleagues to codify sanctions against Russia into law,” McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and one of the Republican party’s senior foreign policy voices, said in a statement. A decision by Trump to ease sanctions imposed on Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region could complicate efforts to win Senate confirmation of Rex Tillerson, Trump’s nominee for secretary of state. Tillerson worked with Russia’s government for years as a top executive at the energy giant Exxon Mobil, and has questioned the wisdom of sanctions against Russia that he said could harm U.S. businesses. In 2013, Putin awarded Tillerson an Order of Friendship award for his work in Russia. Tillerson had engineered a joint venture with Russian oil companies estimated to be worth many billions of dollars.  Many senators, mostly Democrats but also Republicans such as McCain, Lindsey Graham and Marco Rubio, have expressed concerns about Tillerson becoming secretary of state because of his ties to Russia.  However, all three announced this week that they would support Tillerson, virtually ensuring he would become the top diplomat. A reversal by Trump of sanctions could turn lawmakers against him. ",1
5960,Republican senator wants Russia sanctions put into law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Rob Portman, commenting on the possible lifting of sanctions on Russia by President Donald Trump, said on Friday lifting them for any reason other than a change of Russian behavior would send the world “a dangerous message.” Portman, a founder and co-chairman of the Senate Ukraine Caucus, said the Senate should work to put sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Ukraine into law. “We must stand by our allies in the region, including Ukraine,” the Republican said in a statement. ",1
5961,Britain's May says Queen Elizabeth invited Trump for state visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Britain’s Queen Elizabeth has invited U.S. President Donald Trump for a state visit later this year and he has accepted, British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday. May was speaking at a news conference in Washington during the first visit to the White House by a foreign leader since Trump’s inauguration a week ago.  ",1
5962,Bills targeting protests in U.S. states fuel free speech fears,"(Reuters) - Republican lawmakers in several central U.S. states are pushing bills that would crack down on demonstrations, drawing criticism from free speech campaigners and underlining the polarization over protests in the era of President Donald Trump. Bills have been introduced over the past month in states including North Dakota, Indiana and Iowa that would impose measures such as harsher penalties for demonstrators who disrupt traffic, and scrapping punishment for drivers who unintentionally strike protesters blocking their vehicles. The push for stricter laws comes as opponents of Trump have vowed to take to the streets to demonstrate against his policies on issues ranging from immigration to abortion and climate change. Hundreds of thousands of people took part in women’s marches on Jan. 21 in cities across the country. While the fate of the bills was not immediately clear, supporters say they sum up the frustration some people feel about protests that get in the way of their daily lives. “People are just kind of sick and tired of this garbage,” Nick Zerwas, a Republican state representative in Minnesota, said by telephone. “If you block a freeway, you ought to go to jail and when you get out, you ought to get the bill.” Zerwas has introduced two bills, one of which would increase the penalty for obstructing traffic to a gross misdemeanor, meaning offenders could face up to a year in jail and a $3,000 fine. The other would make protesters pay policing costs if their protests were deemed illegal or a nuisance by a court. In Iowa, Republican state senator Jake Chapman is the lead sponsor of a bill that would make it a felony to block traffic on roads with speed limits of 55 miles-per-hour (88 km) or more. Offenders would face up to five years in jail and a $7,500 fine. “People are really fed up with it,” Chapman said of the disruption caused by demonstrations.  He said his constituents were not against the protests as such, but that they did not want their travel affected. He said demonstrations should be held in “appropriate” places. Free speech advocates said the proposals are worrying.  “What’s happening is a truly alarming spread of state legislation that, if passed, will have the intent or impact of criminalizing peaceful protests,” said Lee Rowland, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union rights group.  The bills were “unconstitutional right out of the gate,” Rowland said, adding that protests should be seen as a “success of representative democracy,” not a problem to be solved. Gregory Magarian, a professor at Washington University in St. Louis School of Law, said the bills present a “major First Amendment problem,” referring to the section of the U.S. Constitution that guarantees the right to free expression. “They (the lawmakers) are putting their petty ideologies over the principles of free speech,” Magarian said. Defenders of the proposals, however, argue that they were formulated out of concern for public safety above all. One bill by Indiana Republican state senator Jim Tomes calls for police “to use any means necessary” to clear roads of people unlawfully blocking traffic no more than 15 minutes after law enforcement learns of the obstruction.  In an emailed statement, Tomes said he had no problem with protesters who apply for permits in advance. In North Dakota, where hundreds have been arrested during protests against a pipeline, a bill by Republican state Rep. Keith Kempenich would shield motorists from liability if they unintentionally hit a protester on a roadway, injuring or killing them.  Kempenich did not respond to requests for comment, but has said he introduced the bill after his mother-in-law was caught in a protest while driving.  “It’s shifting the burden of proof from the motor vehicle driver to the pedestrian,” he told the Bismarck Tribune.  ",1
5963,Trump says Mexico has taken advantage of U.S. 'for long enough',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico on Friday, saying it “has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough,” as a crisis over border security and trade deepened. “Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change NOW!” Trump wrote on Twitter.  On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration.      The White House also suggested on Thursday that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for the wall, sending the peso tumbling. Speaking about the scrapped summit, senior Trump aide Kellyanne Conway on Friday told Fox News that “the relationship was not imploded. This one meeting has been canceled and that was a mutual cancellation.” In a separate interview on CBS News, she said the tax was one funding possibility and waved off the chance of Mexican retaliation that could cost American jobs, telling CBS News: “They can do what they want.” “Mexico should pay for that wall because they get an awful lot from this country,” Conway told CBS. The White House has said its tax proposal is in the early stages.  A plan being weighed by House Republicans would exempt export revenues from taxation but impose a 20 percent tax on imported goods. The idea, known as a border adjustment tax, would be a significant change from current U.S. policy. Retailers and other businesses that sell imported goods are not keen on the idea, and some lawmakers have expressed concern about its impact on U.S. consumers.  “The costs for everything from groceries, to cars, to office supplies would go up by 20 (percent), making it harder for middle class families to pay for things they need every day,”     Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement.     ",1
5964,Trump spoke to Mexican president on Friday: White House official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump spoke by phone on Friday to Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, a White House official said, amid a simmering war of words over Trump’s plan to build a border wall. The official said the two leaders spoke for about an hour. ",1
5965,Pence says Trump probe to include review of voting rules: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration’s investigation into what the president has claimed is widespread voting fraud will likely include a “full evaluation of voting rules,” Vice President Mike Pence told fellow Republicans this week, the Washington Post reported on Friday. In video obtained by the Post, Pence told congressional Republicans in a private meeting that he expects “that the administration is going to initiate a full evaluation of voting rules in the country, the overall integrity of our voting system in the wake of this past election.” ",1
5966,"After talks, Mexico says at 'impasse' with Trump over wall payment","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico and the United States will be stuck at an impasse unless they solve U.S. President Donald Trump’s “unacceptable” demand of payment for a border wall, Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Friday. Fresh home from failed talks in Washington, Guajardo also expressed concern about Trump’s “unpredictability” and habits on Twitter. President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday canceled a scheduled visit to the United States next week following Trump’s insistence that Mexico “respect” the United States and pay for a new wall on the southern U.S. border.  “Sincerely, there is clear disagreement at the moment because of a campaign promise he made that from the Mexican perspective is unacceptable,” Guajardo told Mexican television network Televisa.  “It is serious, because it leaves us at an impasse until we find a mechanism to resolve it,” the minister said, adding that  Trump should not underestimate Mexico’s resolve on the issue.  “Mexicans are not going to pay.” He said communication with Trump’s team remained open.   The White House on Thursday floated the idea of imposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for a wall at the southern U.S. border, sending the peso tumbling and deepening the crisis between the two neighbors. Guajardo said the United States and Mexico could reach mutually beneficial improvements to the North American Free Trade Agreement if the issue of paying for the wall was resolved.   Trump had tweeted on Thursday that it would be better for the Mexican leader not to come to Washington if Mexico would not pay for the wall. Guajardo joined Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray in meetings with White House senior officials on Wednesday. He said that the meetings had been productive, but that Trump’s later tweet had forced Mexico to cancel due to the question of “dignity.”  “That unpredictability of reaction creates problems,” Guajardo said, referring to Trump’s Thursday tweet even as he praised a constructive attitude of other members of Trump’s team including Trump strategist Stephen Bannon.  “Their attitude to work, to plan, to see solutions is extraordinary, Believe me” Guajardo said.  Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico on Friday saying the United States’ southern neighbor had taken advantage of it long enough and demanding that “Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change NOW!” ",1
5967,"Factbox: Trump names executives, labor officials to manufacturing jobs council","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday said he was launching a manufacturing jobs initiative and named a group of U.S. business executives and labor union officials to help with the effort, the White House said in a statement. Participants include: Bill Brown, CEO of Harris Corp Michael Dell, CEO of Dell Technologies John Ferriola, CEO of Nucor Corp Jeff Fettig, CEO of Whirlpool Corp Mark Fields, CEO of Ford Motor Co Ken Frazier, CEO of Merck & Co Inc Alex Gorsky, CEO of Johnson & Johnson Greg Hayes, CEO of United Technologies Corp Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin Corp Jeff Immelt, CEO of General Electric Co Jim Kamsickas, CEO of Dana Inc Klaus Kleinfeld, CEO of Arconic Inc Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel Corp  Rich Kyle, CEO of Timken Co Thea Lee, Deputy Chief of Staff of AFL-CIO Andrew Liveris, Chief Executive of Dow Chemical Co Mario Longhi, CEO of U.S. Steel Corp Denise Morrison, CEO of Campbell Soup Co Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of Boeing Co Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors Inc Doug Oberhelman, former CEO of Caterpillar Inc Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing Kevin Plank, CEO of Under Armour Inc Mike Polk, CEO of Newell Brands Inc Mark Sutton, CEO of International Paper Co Inge Thulin, CEO of 3M Co Richard Trumka, President of the AFL-CIO Wendell Weeks, CEO of Corning Inc          ",1
5968,"U.N. tiptoes around Trump stance on torture, refugees","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations reaffirmed on Friday that torture is illegal and that refugees deserve protection, while ducking any direct criticism of remarks made by new U.S. President Donald Trump. Major human rights groups have denounced Trump’s stance on torture and warned against restoring a CIA secret detention program for interrogating terror suspects. Trump is also reviewing spending, including at the U.N., where the United States is the largest donor. “International human rights law is clear on the absolute prohibition on torture,” U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news briefing. Pressed repeatedly to comment on Trump’s remarks this week that torture “works”, Colville noted that prominent U.S. Senators including Republican John McCain, himself a torture victim, and Democrat Dianne Feinstein, who chaired an inquiry on the CIA program under former President George W. Bush, had spoken out. It was still very early days in terms of how the U.N. human rights office interacts with the new administration, he said.  “We have to work out strategically what is going to be effective.” The UNHCR was also tepid in its comments on Trump’s moves to restrict refugees. He is expected to sign an executive order that would include a temporary ban on all refugees, and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries. “Of course UNHCR believes that refugees should be offered assistance, protection, opportunities for resettlement, regardless of their race, religion or ethnicity,” UNHCR spokeswoman Vannina Maestracci said. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has temporarily halted trips by staff to interview refugees abroad ahead of a likely shakeup of refugee policy by Trump, two sources said on Thursday. During the election campaign, Trump decried former President Barack Obama’s decision to increase the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States over fears that some fleeing the country’s civil war might carry out attacks. Some 25,000 refugees were resettled in the United States between October and year-end under UNHCR’s program for the most vulnerable, Maestracci said. A host of U.S. federal government agencies are involved and extensive background checks are carried out, she said. “I think it’s fair to say that refugees coming into the United States to be resettled are some of the most vetted individuals entering the United States,” Maestracci said. ",1
5969,"Trump to speak with leaders of Russia, Germany, France: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will hold telephone calls with the leaders of Russia, Germany, and France on Saturday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in a tweet on Friday. The Kremlin earlier said Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump would speak. Separately, a source in Berlin said Chancellor Angela Merkel would talk with Trump, although Merkel’s spokeswoman declined to comment. French President Francois Hollande and Merkel held a joint news conference earlier on Friday. ",1
5970,"Exclusive: Expecting Trump action, U.S. suspends refugee resettlement interviews","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has temporarily halted trips by staff to interview refugees abroad as it prepares for a likely shakeup of refugee policy by President Donald Trump, two sources with knowledge of the decision said on Thursday. The decision effectively amounts to a pause in future refugee admissions, given that the interviews are a crucial step in an often years-long process. The DHS leadership’s decision to halt the interview trips was communicated to those involved in the U.S. refugee admission process on Wednesday, one of the sources said.  It means that though Trump has not yet ordered a temporary  halt to the refugee program, future admissions are likely to be delayed.  Trump is expected to sign an executive order that would include a temporary ban on all refugees, and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries. White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that Trump could sign several executive orders on Friday, but that the nature of those had not been decided yet. Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project at the New York-based Urban Justice Center, said she was informed of the decision to halt the overseas interviews by several people in and outside of government. Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which is part of the Department of Homeland Security and which conducts the interviews, said the agency had delayed “a number of upcoming trips” but that they had not been “officially canceled.” DHS officers regularly visit countries such as Jordan, Malaysia, El Salvador, Kenya and Ethiopia to interview refugees seeking to enter the United States. It is usually one of the last steps in the refugee resettlement process. Heller said the decision to halt the overseas interviews would cause delays in refugee processing even if Trump decides to maintain the refugee program or re-start it after a temporary closure. “In the past, when we’ve frozen the refugee program to re-examine security issues, it’s been really important to continue processing even if you can’t admit people, because processing times in this program can be two to three years,” Heller     said. During the election campaign, Trump decried former President Barack Obama’s decision to increase the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States over fears that those fleeing the country’s civil war would carry out attacks.  Obama approved allowing up to 110,000 refugees in the 2017 fiscal year, compared with 85,000 the prior year. Trump said during the election campaign that there was no proper system to vet refugees. In addition to the interviews, refugees hoping to be resettled in the United States undergo extensive security screening by multiple U.S. agencies as well as vetting by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. ",1
5971,Trump to seek quick progress with Japan's Abe on replacement trade deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will seek quick progress toward a bilateral trade agreement with Japan in place of a broader Asia-Pacific deal he abandoned this week, when Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the White House next month, an official in the Trump administration said on Thursday. “I see Abe’s visit being more about finding a follow-through, a replacement for TPP,” said the official, referring to the Trans-Pacific Partnership that Trump ditched on Monday. “Given the domestic political capital (Abe has) expended on TPP, there’s going to be an effort to work with him on a follow-on,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Trump, who took office last Friday, reiterated on Thursday he would strike numerous bilateral deals, as opposed to multilateral accords like the TPP. He said they would include clauses to allow a 30-day termination notice if the United States was not treated fairly. The TPP, which took years to negotiate among 12 countries,  has often been described as being, at its core, a deal between the United States and Japan, the world’s largest and third-largest economies respectively. Trump called it bad for American jobs, but proponents worry that abandoning the project could further strengthen China’s economic hand in the region. Japanese media have said Abe is expected to meet Trump in Washington on Feb. 10, although no official announcement has been made as to the timing of the trip. The administration official said it “was clear what the outlines and the contours” of a deal with Japan would be, but did not go into details. “I don’t know if there needs to be this protracted long-term negotiation, and there may be some initial steps that are implemented prior to an official Free Trade Agreement,” he said.  “It’s pretty clear what the problems are on the trade side and it’s pretty clear what the opportunities are. I don’t think it’ll be particularly difficult to get some movement on a couple of different aspects of the trade side relatively quickly.” The White House declined comment on the official’s remarks. “We look forward to Prime Minister Abe’s upcoming visit and a productive relationship with Japan,” a White House official said. Abe has touted TPP as an engine of economic reform and a counterweight to a rising China but said on Thursday it was possible Tokyo and Washington could hold bilateral free trade talks. “Japan will continue to stress to the U.S. the importance of the TPP but it is not totally unfeasible for talks on EPA (Economic Partnership Agreement) and FTA (Free Trade Agreement)” with the United States, Abe told parliament after being asked about trade talks between the two nations. Japan’s Kyodo news agency said Abe also suggested Japan would advocate retaining some form of tariffs on rice and four other key agricultural products in any trade negotiations with the United States. “We will thoroughly protect what we should protect...I want to carry out bilateral negotiations properly, based on the thinking that agriculture is the foundation of this country,” it quoted him as saying. ",1
5972,Sanctuary cities see legal holes in Trump's immigration orders,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s executive order directing federal agencies to take away funding from self-proclaimed sanctuary cities had one big exemption for one of his favorite constituencies: the police, who would be protected from cuts. But Trump’s opponents say that very exemption makes it much more likely that a judge could strike down that section of the order as unconstitutional. It is just one example of the legal arguments that cities, immigration groups and other opponents are readying as they prepare to fight an executive order signed by Trump on Wednesday that would cut federal aid to “sanctuary” jurisdictions that limit cooperation with federal immigration authorities. Lawyers for the potential challengers pointed to court rulings that said the federal government can only withhold funds to local jurisdictions if the money is directly tied to the behavior it objects to. The Trump administration cannot cut funds for sanctuary cities’ healthcare and education while preserving money for police, since those jobs relate more closely to immigration enforcement, said Richard Doyle, city attorney in San Jose, California. He said it was not clear whether existing federal funding or only future grants would be targeted.    Supporters of the new Republican president’s actions say that sanctuary cities ignore federal law and think the White House will be able to answer with a strong case in court. Federal law allows Trump to restrict public assistance “of any kind where an illegal alien could possibly benefit,” said Dale Wilcox, executive director of the Washington-based conservative Immigration Reform Law Institute.  The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In New York City, Mayor Bill de Blasio in a news conference said his chief legal officer would be in court the “hour” after any specific action to withhold money came through. “There is less here than meets the eye. This executive order is written in a very vague fashion,” said de Blasio, a Democrat. San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera, also a Democrat, said his office was still examining whether it could sue before Trump made any specific move to cut funds.  Trump’s order directed that funding be slashed to all jurisdictions that refuse to comply with a statute that requires local governments to share information with immigration authorities.  Omar Jadwat, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Immigrants’ Rights Project, said the cities can argue “they are fully in compliance with that statute,” since they do share information with federal authorities, but offer limited cooperation when it comes to turning over immigrants who are not convicted criminals. There could also be procedural snarls to implementing the cuts, lawyers who specialize in federal grants said. If the U.S. government seeks to cut off grants to a certain recipient, it must go through a complicated process known as “suspension and debarment,” and cities would have the right to appeal. “It’s fair to say that they don’t understand the scope and reach of federal grants law,” said Edward Waters, who heads the federal grants practice at the law firm Feldesman Tucker Leifer Fidell in Washington, referring to the Trump administration. The White House would also have to negotiate with states that are home to sanctuary cities. Nearly 90 percent of $652 billion the federal government handed out through more 1,500 separate grant programs in the most recent fiscal year went to states, not directly to cities, according to a Reuters review of federal spending data. If the Trump administration wanted to try to cut off Medicaid money to Chicago, for example, it would have to work through the state government of Illinois, which could pose an additional barrier, Waters said. Advocacy groups for immigrants’ rights said they are also preparing their own legal challenges to other aspects of two executive orders Trump signed on Wednesday, examining sections that deal with expanding detention of immigrants and changing how asylum requests are processed.  “All of our legal research is done, most of the complaints are all drafted,” said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, based in Los Angeles. She said litigation could be filed in the next days. ",1
5973,"Britain becoming U.S. vassal state, says French presidential hopeful Macron","PARIS (Reuters) - Britain is becoming subservient to a United States that will be extremely difficult to cooperate with judging by President Donald Trump’s “serious and worrying” first acts, French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron said on Friday. British Prime Minister Theresa May, who will hold talks with Trump later on Friday, wants a renewal of the “special relationship” between London and Washington at a time her conservative government redraws its relationship with Europe.  “Britain lived in an equilibrium with Europe,” Macron told France Culture radio. “But now it is becoming a vassal state, meaning it is becoming the junior partner of the United State.”  French opinion polls show Macron, a former investment banker running as an independent in this spring’s presidential election, closing in on the two frontrunners, conservative candidate Francois Fillon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen. Speaking about Trump, May joked on Thursday that “opposites attract” as she signaled a shift in foreign policy that will bring her position more in line with that of Trump.  Macron said Trump’s early policy moves suggested the United States might become a destabilizing force on the world stage.  “What’s happening today with Trump’s first statements and choices is extremely serious and worrying,” Macron said. “It’s firstly a choice that it will be an America that provokes... an America that destabilizes things that have been built for decades.” Macron has previously said he was sure Trump would maintain close ties with the European Union, but on Friday he appeared to concede this may no longer be the case.  “It signifies that the U.S. will no longer be in a position to co-organize globalization and be the world’s policeman with the European Union,” the former economy minister said. “The unpredictable choices, the outbursts and the inward-looking United States of Trump no longer guarantees Europe’s security.”    ",1
5974,Trump's hopes for Syria safe zones may force decision on Assad,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s push to create safe zones in Syria could force him to make some risky decisions about how far to go to protect refugees, including shooting down Syrian or Russian aircraft or committing thousands of U.S. troops, experts said. Trump said on Wednesday he “will absolutely do safe zones in Syria” for refugees fleeing violence. According to a document seen by Reuters, he is expected in the coming days to order the Pentagon and the State Department to draft a plan to create such zones in Syria and nearby nations. The document did not spell out what would make a safe zone “safe” and whether it would protect refugees only from threats on the ground - such as jihadist fighters - or whether Trump envisions a no-fly zone policed by America and its allies. If it is a no-fly zone, without negotiating some agreement with Russia Trump would have to decide whether to give the U.S. military the authority to shoot down Syrian or Russian aircraft if they posed a threat to people in that zone, which his predecessor, former President Barack Obama, refused to do.   “This essentially boils down to a willingness to go to war to protect refugees,” said Jim Phillips, a Middle East expert at the Heritage Foundation think-tank in Washington, noting Russia’s advanced air defenses. Trump promised during his campaign to target jihadists from Islamic State, and he has sought to avoid being dragged deeper into Syria’s conflict - raising the question of whether he might be satisfied by assurances, perhaps from Moscow, that neither Russian nor Syrian jets would target the zone. In Moscow, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Trump did not consult with Russia and warned that the consequences of such a plan “ought to be weighed up.” “It is important that this (the plan) does not exacerbate the situation with refugees,” he said.     Phillips and other experts, including former U.S. officials, said many refugees would not be satisfied by assurances from Moscow, while any deal with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who also is backed by Iran, might not go over well with America’s Arab allies. The Pentagon declined comment on Thursday, saying no formal directive to develop such plans had been handed down yet, and some U.S. military officials appeared unaware of the document before seeing it described in the media on Wednesday. “Our department right now is tasked with one thing in Syria, and that is to degrade and defeat ISIS,” said Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman. Trump’s call for a plan for safe zones is part of a larger directive expected to be signed in coming days that includes a temporary ban on most refugees to the United States and a suspension of visas for citizens of Syria and six other Middle Eastern and African countries deemed to pose a terrorism threat. During and after the presidential campaign, Trump called for no-fly zones to harbor Syrian refugees as an alternative to allowing them into the United States. Trump accused the Obama administration of failing to screen Syrian immigrants entering the United States to ensure they had no militant ties. Any safe zone in Syria guaranteed by the United States would almost certainly require some degree of U.S. military protection. Securing the ground alone would require thousands of troops, former U.S. officials and experts say. Anthony Cordesman, a military expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, cautioned that a safe zone inside Syria could become a diplomatic albatross that would force a Trump administration to juggle a host of ethnic and political tensions in Syria indefinitely. Other experts said jihadists could be attracted to the zone, either to carry out attacks that would embarrass the United States or to use the zone as a safe haven where militants could regroup.  Such a zone also would be expensive, given the need to house, feed, educate and provide medical care to the refugees. “I think these people really have no idea what it takes to support 25,000 people, which is really a small number, in terms of the (internally displaced) and refugees” in Syria, Cordesman said. The draft document gave no details on what would constitute a safe zone, where one might be set up and who would defend it.  Jordan, Turkey and other neighboring countries already host millions of Syrian refugees. The Turkish government pressed Obama, without success, to create a no-fly zone on Syria’s border with Turkey but now is at odds with Washington over its support for Kurdish fighters in Syria. ",1
5975,"'Opposites attract,' UK PM calls on Trump to renew special relationship","PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Joking that “opposites attract,” Prime Minister Theresa May called on President Donald Trump on Thursday to renew the “special relationship” between Britain and the United States and lead in a new, changed world. In the United States for what will be Trump’s first meeting with a foreign leader since he took office last week, May signaled a shift in foreign policy, bringing her position more in line with that of Trump. She urged the two countries and their leaders to stand united and confront new challenges, including the rise of economies in Asia that people fear could “eclipse the West,” the threat of Islamic extremism and a resurgent Russia. “So we - our two countries together - have a responsibility to lead. Because when others step up as we step back, it is bad for America, for Britain and the world,” May told members of Republican Party at their retreat in a speech often punctuated by applause from an enthusiastic crowd. “This cannot mean a return to the failed policies of the past. The days of Britain and America intervening in sovereign countries in an attempt to remake the world in our own image are over. But nor can we afford to stand idly by.” Her break with the interventionism that launched wars in Iraq and Afghanistan underscores a change in global politics.     It also fits with Trump’s move to put “America first” and scores well with voters in Britain whose feeling of being left behind by globalization helped fuel Britain’s vote to leave the EU last year that propelled May to power. Aware that Brexit will shape her legacy, May welcomed her early visit to the United States, a boost to her attempts to show that Britain can prosper outside the European Union despite criticism at home for cozying up to Trump. On her U.S.-bound flight, May concentrated on similarities with the U.S. leader, who some reporters suggested had a style in stark contrast to her more cautious, restrained approach. “Haven’t you ever noticed ... sometimes opposites attract?” she answered with a laugh. Eager to win favor — and a trade deal — with the new U.S. president to bolster her hand in the divorce talks with the European Union, May said both countries shared many values and that, contrary to his statements that NATO was “obsolete,” Trump had told her he was committed to the U.S.-led military alliance. May said she supported Trump’s “reform agenda” to make NATO and the United Nations “more relevant and purposeful than they are today,” and “many of the priorities your government has laid out for America’s engagement with the world.”  But there may be sticking points in Friday’s talks - May said she condemned the use of torture and would stick to UK policy, suggesting Britain may not accept intelligence that could have come from such methods that Trump could reintroduce. “We condemn torture and my view on that won’t change – whether I’m talking to you or talking to the president,” she said when asked what impact it would have if Trump brought back a CIA program for holding terrorism suspects in secret prisons. May will have navigate the middle ground carefully, wary of being criticized as too pro-Trump or alternatively as too negative toward a future trading partner.  She has threatened to walk away from the EU if she fails to get a good deal, and some critics say that could give other countries, like the United States, the upper hand in any talks.  And the EU might not take kindly to any overly friendly overtures to a president some of the bloc’s main leaders have voiced concern about. Some kind of trade agreement, though, is high on her list of priorities, despite Britain and the United States being at odds over genetically modified organisms, meat production and public procurement and May unable to sign deals until after Brexit. May says she will launch the divorce talks by the end of March by triggering Article 50 of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty, which gives up to two years to negotiate an exit deal. Only then can she agree with third countries. Both leaders should use the time to find areas where they could remove trade barriers, May said. “We’re both very clear that we want a trade deal.” ",1
5976,Trump says he wants to cut Navy submarines' price: Fox News interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States needs more submarines but he wants to buy them at a lower cost, resuming his push to get defense contractors to cut the prices they charge the Pentagon. “We’re lacking submarines and we’re going to build new submarines but the price is too high so I’m cutting the prices way down,” Trump said in an interview on Fox News to be broadcast later on Thursday. Two U.S.-based companies, General Dynamics Corp’s Electric Boat division and Huntington Ingalls Industries’ Newport News Shipbuilding, build the Navy’s nuclear-powered submarines. Neither General Dynamics nor Huntington Ingalls immediately responded to a request for comment. “We are working hard to drive down cost and are seeing the fruits of that labor,” a senior U.S. Navy official said in response to the Trump comments. “We have the most advanced submarines in the world - the more we buy, the more we will bring down the price,” the official said. Trump, who took office on Friday, has vowed to build up the military, which he says has become dangerously depleted. Since winning the November election, he has pressured U.S. defense contractors to reduce the cost of the products they sell to the Pentagon. In December, Trump received a pledge from the chief executive of Lockheed Martin to cut the cost of the F-35 fighter jet after Trump complained in a tweet about the plane’s price tag and said he would ask Boeing to offer a cheaper alternative. ",1
5977,Japan PM says it's not so easy to change Trump's mind on TPP,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday that it is not so easy to change U.S. President Donald Trump’s mind on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Trump will seek quick progress towards a bilateral trade agreement with Japan in place of the TPP deal he abandoned this week, when Abe visits the White House next month, an official in the Trump administration said on Thursday. ",1
5978,Mattis stresses commitment to NATO to German defense chief: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary James Mattis stressed the United States’ commitment to NATO in a telephone call with Germany’s defense minister on Thursday, the Pentagon said. Mattis assured German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen of “the United States’ enduring commitment to the NATO alliance,” the Pentagon said in a statement. It said Mattis discussed the importance of NATO in a separate call with French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian. In a call with Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman, Mattis underscored his “unwavering commitment to Israel’s security,” the Pentagon said. ",1
5979,Republican ideas for healthcare reforms could spell trouble for U.S. states,"SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s push to fulfill a campaign promise to replace Obamacare, his predecessor’s signature healthcare plan, with the help of a Republican-controlled Congress, could add to U.S. states’ financial strain. That is because a key component of the 2010 law allowed states to expand Medicaid, the government health insurance program for low-income Americans, and collect extra dollars that came with expansion. Thirty-one states and the District of Columbia chose to expand Medicaid enrollment through Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act. (Graphic - here) While Republicans have not agreed to specific plans, one idea gaining traction has been to convert the current system, in which states share the cost of Medicaid enrollees with the federal government, into fixed payments, or block grants, sent to the states. Trump’s nominee to run the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, U.S. Representative Tom Price, has long advocated such a plan. The Kaiser Family Foundation estimates a repeal of Obamacare and a cap on federal Medicaid spending, such as through a block grant or a per capita cap, could cut Medicaid funding by 41 percent over the next decade. That would likely handicap states’ ability to respond to larger enrollments during recessions.  “It will have clear implications for state budgets,” said Robin Rudowitz, the Washington-based associate director at Kaiser’s Program on Medicaid and the Uninsured. “States could raise revenue and spend less in other areas, but these are not easy choices to make.” The foundation is a nonprofit focused on health issues. Faced with inflexible federal funding, states might also decide to limit Medicaid eligibility or freeze new enrollment, reducing the number of people covered. In a letter to congressional leaders on Tuesday, the National Governors Association pleaded with lawmakers not to “shift costs to states.” New Jersey, one of many states struggling with ballooning public pension costs and modest revenue growth, expanded Medicaid under Republican Governor Chris Christie. That state could lose up to $3 billion in federal aid if the Affordable Care Act is repealed and have to spend $1 billion more from its budget, Democratic state lawmakers there said this week. Medicaid sits at the heart of the federal-state fiscal relationship. Over $330 billion in federal Medicaid dollars flowed to states in fiscal year 2016, accounting for more than half of all federal grants sent to state and local governments and the largest individual program, according to Standard & Poor’s. In 2015, the federal government paid about 60 percent of total Medicaid costs while states paid 40 percent. Medicaid enrollment also tends to spike during an economic downturn, just as state revenues are most strained, spurring the federal government to send more money to states. Despite calls from Trump to Republican lawmakers on Thursday for swift action on replacing Obamacare and on other priorities, changes will likely still take time to work out. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said the agenda would take more than 100 days and said the goal “is to get these laws done in 2017,” without guaranteeing an Obamacare replacement would be enacted by the end of December. With so many details still up in the air, public officials are hard-pressed to craft budgets that directly respond to their concerns. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio on Tuesday said his next budget would hold a record amount of money in reserve and seek at least $1 billion of savings citywide to compensate for “a huge amount of uncertainty” emanating from Washington.     In California, Medicaid enrollment jumped from nearly 8 million in 2012 to more than 14 million today, thanks in part to federal healthcare reforms.  In a letter earlier this month to U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Democratic California Governor Jerry Brown pleaded that Congress consider reforms that do not burden state budgets. “That would be a very cynical way to prop up the federal budget - and devastating to millions of Americans,” Brown wrote to the Republican congressman from California. However, Brown’s proposed budget this month did not include a contingency for a potential repeal of Obamacare or the threat of changes to the federal tax code. “Until there is a change in policy at the federal level, we will continue to budget under the current rules of the road,” said California Finance Department spokesman H.D. Palmer. ",1
5980,Trump tells Republican lawmakers: Enough talk. Time to deliver,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - President Donald Trump pushed Republican lawmakers on Thursday for swift action on a sweeping agenda including his planned U.S.-Mexican border wall, tax cuts and repealing the Obamacare law, despite tensions over timetables and priorities. Congressional Republicans were in Philadelphia for a three-day retreat to hammer out a legislative agenda, with the party in control of the White House, Senate and House of Representatives for the first time in a decade. “This Congress is going to be the busiest Congress we’ve had in decades, maybe ever,” Trump said in a speech to the lawmakers at a Philadelphia hotel. “Enough ‘all talk, no action.’ We have to deliver,” Trump added. But Trump did not hold an expected question-and-answer session with the lawmakers, and his speech veered into side issues such as predicting crowd size for an anti-abortion march in Washington, alleging American voting irregularities and touting winning Pennsylvania in the Nov. 8 election. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who initially hesitated in endorsing Trump last year and has criticized him on some issues, disputed the notion that congressional Republicans were not in synch with the New York businessman who was sworn in less than a week ago having never previously held public office. “We are on the same page with the White House,” Ryan said during a joint news conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “This is going to be an unconventional presidency,” Ryan added. “I think you know this by now. ... I think we’re going to see unconventional activities like tweets and things like that. I think that’s just something that we’re all going to have to get used to.” Trump pressed the lawmakers for action on repealing and replacing Democratic former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, even as Republicans scramble to devise a replacement plan, and lowering taxes on “all American businesses” and the middle class. For weeks, Republicans talked about formulating an agenda for the first 100 days of Trump’s presidency. In recent days, the talk has turned into a 200-day agenda for passing major legislation before the lawmakers’ August recess. “It’s going to take more than simply 100 days,” Ryan said. Ryan said that it is “our goal is to get these laws done in 2017,” without guaranteeing that a replacement for Obamacare and a tax reform bill would be enacted by the end of December.  McConnell said lawmakers will take up legislation to provide $12 billion to $15 billion to pay for Trump’s planned wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday for the wall to proceed, part of a package of measures aimed at curbing illegal immigration, although the action has tested already frayed relations with Mexico. House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy said the pace of legislative action may frustrate Trump. “President Trump comes from a different world,” McCarthy told reporters. “Out in the business community, he likes things done fast, and he’s going to continue to push them.” Thousands of anti-Trump protesters took to the streets in Philadelphia, a heavily Democratic bastion that is one of the cities that could be stripped of federal funds for protecting illegal immigrants under a Trump directive. Marchers carried signs including, “Fascist Pig,” “Protect My Health Care,” “Immigration Makes America Great,” “Planet Over Profit” and “Impeach Trump.” During his speech, Trump took time to explain his side of the story on Mexico’s president canceling a meeting next week because of Trump’s insistence that America’s southern neighbor eventually pay for the wall. Mexico has said it will not. Trump said a tax reform bill “will reduce our trade deficits, increase American exports and will generate revenue from Mexico that will pay for the wall, if we decide to go that route.” McConnell and Ryan did not say whether Congress would offset the wall’s cost by cutting other programs or simply add to huge budget deficits that Republicans have criticized for years. Ryan and McConnell also indicated congressional Republicans do not plan to modify U.S. law banning torture even as Trump considers bringing back a CIA program for holding terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons where interrogation techniques often condemned as torture were used. “I think the director of the CIA (Mike Pompeo) has made it clear he’s going to follow the law. And I believe virtually all of my members are comfortable with the state of the law on that issue now,” McConnell said. “Torture’s not legal,” Ryan said. “And we agree with it not being legal. In a highly unusual move for a visiting foreign leader, British Prime Minister Theresa May, who will see Trump in Washington on Friday, addressed the retreat, calling herself a “fellow conservative who believes in the same principles that underpin the agenda of your party.” She was loudly applauded for praising Trump’s victory. “Because of what you have done together, because of that great victory you have won, America can be stronger, greater, and more confident in the years ahead,” May said. ",1
5981,Trump would favor Senate rule change if Supreme Court choice blocked,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump would favor Senate Republicans changing voting rules to allow a simple majority of the Senate to approve his nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court if Democrats block his choice, he said in an interview airing on Thursday. “I would. We have obstructionists,” Trump told Fox News, referring to possible use of the so-called nuclear option that would overturn Senate rules requiring 60 votes to overcome a procedural hurdle, or filibuster, for Supreme Court nominees. There are currently 52 Republican senators in the 100-seat chamber. Trump plans next week to announce his choice to fill the vacancy caused by the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016. His nominee could restore the decades-long conservative majority on the court. Democrats are seething over the Republican-led Senate’s refusal last year to consider Democratic President Barack Obama’s nomination of appeals court Judge Merrick Garland for the lifetime post, an action with little precedent in U.S. history. Trump told Fox News anchor Sean Hannity that he had made his choice. “I have made my decision pretty much in my mind, yes. That’s subject to change at the last moment.” Among the front-runners are three conservative jurists: Neil Gorsuch, a judge on the Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; Thomas Hardiman, who serves on the Philadelphia-based 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals; and William Pryor, on the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. On Tuesday, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said he told Trump that Democrats would fight any nominee they consider to be outside the mainstream. Assuming all 52 Senate Republicans back Trump’s nominee, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell would either need to lure eight Democrats to his side or change the rules and ban the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations. Despite the nuclear option threat, Nan Aron, president of the liberal Alliance for Justice, which tracks judicial nominations, said in an email to Reuters that a Democratic filibuster “would still be far better than what Republicans did to Merrick Garland.” More than three years ago, Democrats used their then-majority in the Senate to ban filibusters against presidential nominees other than for the Supreme Court. The move came after Republicans blocked several key Obama nominees. Vice President Mike Pence told Republican lawmakers on Thursday that Trump would nominate a “strict constructionist” to the court, referring to the literal interpretation of the U.S. Constitution’s text without regard to changes in American society. ",1
5982,British lawmakers urge May to tackle Trump on climate change,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers have written to Prime Minister Theresa May, urging her to challenge U.S. President Donald Trump on his views on climate change when the two leaders meet on Friday. Trump has dismissed climate change as a “hoax” and vowed during his presidential campaign to pull the United States out of the 2015 Paris Agreement designed to curb greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming. “As one of the world’s largest emitters ... his approach to reducing emissions could determine whether we, in the UK and people round the world, experience or avoid the worst impacts of climate change,” the letter from the cross-party Environmental Audit Committee said. May is set to be the first foreign leader to meet the new U.S. President on Friday, with the talks expected to focus on trade. Environmental Audit Committee chair Mary Creagh said that May should use the opportunity to demonstrate Britain’s commitment to fighting climate change. “The Prime Minister has said she won’t be afraid to challenge the new President. So she should start by telling him climate change is not ‘a hoax’,” Creagh said. Scientists warn that rising global temperatures must be stalled to stave off the worst effects of climate change, including floods, droughts and rising sea levels. ",1
5983,U.S. consumer financial agency's backers seek to fight for it in court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two lawmakers and six consumer advocacy groups on Thursday sought to join a court case involving the U.S. consumer financial watchdog as worries that President Donald Trump will dismantle the agency reached a fever pitch. Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Representative Maxine Waters of California petitioned a federal court to be allowed to intervene on behalf of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in its appeal of a decision that its structure is unconstitutional. Meanwhile, six groups including U.S. Public Interest Research Group made a similar request. The ruling, that the president should be able to remove CFPB Director Richard Cordray at will, has been stayed pending appeal. Currently the director can only be fired for cause. The filings followed a request from state attorneys general to also be able to intervene in the case. Currently the whole U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is deciding whether to review the ruling in a case brought by mortgage servicer PHH Corp [PHH.N]. It could announce it will take the appeal, which most watchers expect, as early as next week.  Republicans want Trump to remove Cordray, saying the director has gone beyond his authority and provided cause to be fired. Trump has met with former Texas Representative Randy Neugebauer, a CFPB critic, indicating Trump is already seeking Cordray’s replacement.  Also, Republican Senator Deb Fischer, of Nebraska, recently introduced legislation to put a commission in charge of the CFPB, and there is a good chance it will become law. “There’s quite a lot of reasons to be concerned,” said Michael Burr, faculty director at University of Michigan’s Center on Finance. “It would be devastating to the very people who supported President Trump to attack and dismantle the CFPB.”  The CFPB, created in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law to guard individuals from fraud in mortgages, student loans and other financial products, does not need permission from the Justice Department to file cases in courts below the Supreme Court.  That means Trump may also ask the Justice Department to file a brief in opposition in the appeal, essentially setting two agencies against each other, said Mark Calabria, who studies the CFPB for the conservative Cato Institute.  ",1
5984,Trump to nominate 'strict constructionist' to Supreme Court: Pence,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told Republican lawmakers on Thursday that President Donald Trump would keep his promise to nominate a “strict constructionist” to the Supreme Court. Trump has said he will announce his nomination to the top U.S. court next week. “Strict construction” is a manner of interpreting the U.S. Constitution using a literal and narrow definition of language in the document without regard to changes that have occurred in American society since the 18th century document was written. Pence told lawmakers he hoped they would move quickly to confirm the Supreme Court nominee once a name is released. “President Trump has been reviewing that list” of potential nominees, he said. “I can already tip you off: President Trump’s going to keep his promise to the American people and he’s going to nominate a strict constructionist to the Supreme Court,” Pence said to applause. The nominee would possess a top-notch legal mind, he added. ",1
5985,"Trump moves ahead with wall, puts stamp on U.S. immigration, security policy","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday ordered construction of a U.S.-Mexican border wall and punishment for cities shielding illegal immigrants while mulling restoring a CIA secret detention program as he launched broad but divisive plans to reshape U.S. immigration and national security policy. A draft executive order seen by Reuters that Trump is expected to sign in the coming days would block the entry of refugees from war-torn Syria and suspend the entry of any immigrants from Muslim-majority Middle Eastern and African countries Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Yemen while permanent rules are studied. Less than a week into his presidency, Trump has moved aggressively to put his stamp on a range of policies, including steps to gut the healthcare system devised by his predecessor, and make clear that as president he is not turning toward more moderate positions than he took as a candidate. His directives on Wednesday signaled a tough action toward the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants already in the United States, most from Latin America, whom he already has threatened to deport. In a move critics called a slight to the integrity of American democracy, Trump also said on Wednesday he would seek a “major investigation” into what he believes was voter fraud in the November election, despite overwhelming consensus among state officials, election experts and politicians that it is rare in the United States.  “We are going to restore the rule of law in the United States,” Trump told an audience that included relatives of people killed by illegal immigrants at the Department of Homeland Security after signing two executive orders. The directives ordered the construction of a multibillion-dollar wall along the roughly 2,000-mile (3,200-km) U.S.-Mexico border, moved to strip federal funding from “sanctuary” states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants, and expanded  the force of American immigration agents. His plans prompted an outcry from immigrant advocates and Democratic lawmakers who said Trump was jeopardizing the rights and freedoms of millions of people while treating Mexico as an enemy, not an ally, and soiling America’s historic reputation as a welcoming place for immigrants of all stripes. “The border wall is about political theater at the expense of civil liberties,” said Christian Ramirez, director of the Southern Border Communities Coalition immigrant advocacy group. “It is not national security policy. Border communities are among the safest in the nation, and patrolling them with tens of thousands of heavily armed, poorly trained, unaccountable agents puts lives at risks. This will turn these communities into de facto military zones,” Ramirez said. The White House said the wall would stem the flow of drugs, crime and illegal immigration into the United States. “We are in the middle of a crisis on our southern border: The unprecedented surge of illegal migrants from Central America is harming both Mexico and the United States,” Trump said, adding: “A nation without borders is not a nation.” The immigration crackdown has sparked fear among so-called “dreamers,” whose parents brought them to the United States illegally and who received temporary deportation relief and work permits from President Barack Obama. Trump said the dreamers should not fear deportation. “They shouldn’t be very worried,” Trump told ABC News in an interview broadcast on Wednesday.. “Where you have great people that are here that have done a good job, they should be far less worried,” he said, adding: “We’ll be coming out with policy on that over the next period of four weeks.” House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan also said the “dreamers” should not be worried. “We’re focused on physical security of the border, we’re focused on those who are coming to do us harm from terrorist states and things like that,” he told MSNBC. Trump is also expected to order a review that could lead to bringing back a CIA program for holding terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons where interrogation techniques often condemned as torture were used during former Republican President George W. Bush’s administration, two U.S. officials said.  Trump’s actions could further test relations with Mexico. The wall plan has infuriated Mexicans. Trump’s policies, including his demand that the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada be renegotiated or scrapped, have put Mexico’s government on the defensive. Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto are due to meet next week. Pena Nieto said on Wednesday night that he “regrets and disapproves” of the push by Trump to build a new wall along the border. Officials in cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, Denver, Washington, San Francisco and Seattle offer some forms of protection to illegal immigrants. Billions of dollars in federal aid to those cities, often governed by Democrats, could be at risk under Trump’s move. In the ABC News interview, Trump said construction on the wall would start within months, with planning starting immediately, and that Mexico would pay back to the United States “100 percent” of the costs. Mexican officials have said they will not pay for the wall. The White House said Trump’s goal was to get the wall started as quickly as possible using existing government funds and then work with the Republican-led Congress on further appropriations. Trump made cracking down on illegal immigration a key element of his presidential campaign, with supporters at his rallies often chanting: “Build the wall.” The cost, nature and extent of the wall remain unclear. Trump last year put the cost at “probably $8 billion,” although other estimates are higher, and he said the wall would span 1,000 miles (1,600 km) because of the terrain of the border. Trump’s directives would end the practice known by critics as “catch and release” in which authorities apprehend illegal immigrants on U.S. territory but do not immediately detain or deport them. The directives also include hiring 5,000 more U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents used to apprehend people seeking to slip across the border and tripling the number of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents used to arrest and deport immigrants living in the United States illegally. They also create more detention space for illegal immigrants along the southern border to make it easier to detain and deport them. The intent of the proposals regarding refugees and immigrants from the seven Muslim-majority nations is to head off Islamist violence in the United States. The draft directive on immigration also suspends the U.S. refugee program for four months while determining whether permanent changes to the system are needed. ",1
5986,"Defying Trump, Twitter feeds for U.S. government scientists go rogue","(Reuters) - Rogue Twitter feeds voicing employee concerns at more than a dozen U.S. government agencies have been launched in defiance of what they say are President Donald Trump’s attempts to muzzle federal climate change research and other science. Representing scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency, NASA and other bureaus, either directly or through friends and supporters, the accounts protest restrictions they view as censorship since Trump took office on Jan. 20. Seizing on Trump’s favorite mode of discourse, the feeds reflect concern that the new president, a climate change skeptic, is out to squelch federally backed research showing that emissions from fossil fuel combustion and other human activities are contributing to global warming. “Can’t wait for President Trump to call us FAKE NEWS,” read one posting on the newly opened Twitter account @AltNatParkService. “You can take our official twitter, but you’ll never take our free time!” Reuters could not verify that all the accounts, which borrow the names and logos of their respective agencies, were being run by current federal employees of those agencies. The alternate National Park Service Twitter feed said it had passed control of its account to individuals outside the government to protect colleagues at the agency.  The introductory disclaimer borne by the @RogueNASA account was typical of many of the feeds, describing it as “The unofficial ‘Resistance’ team of NASA. Not an official NASA account.” It beckoned readers to follow its feed “for science and climate news and facts. REAL NEWS, REAL FACTS.” An administrator of an associated Rogue NASA Facebook page told Reuters the alternative site was being used as a platform by agency scientists and others who support them. In some instances, the alternate Twitter accounts were registered on behalf of employees by supporters, presumably to better safeguard their anonymity, as was the case for the unofficial Rocky Mountain National Park site. An individual contacted at the alternative Twitter feed for Mount Rainier National Park said: “It’s not about the people running the accounts. It’s about the movement it’s generated. We may never disclose our identity due to the current political ecosystem.” The swift proliferation of such sites followed internal directives several agencies involved in environmental issues have received since Trump’s inauguration requiring them to curb their dissemination of information to the public.     Last week, Interior Department staff were told to stop posting on Twitter after an employee re-tweeted posts about relatively low attendance at Trump’s swearing-in, and about how material on climate change and civil rights had disappeared from the official White House website. Employees at the EPA and the departments of Interior, Agriculture and Health and Human Services have since confirmed seeing notices from the new administration either instructing them to remove web pages or limit how they communicate to the public, including through social media. The resistance movement gained steam on Tuesday when a series of climate change-related tweets were posted to the official Twitter account of Badlands National Park in South Dakota, administered under the Interior Department, but were soon deleted. A Park Service official later said those tweets came from a former employee no longer authorized to use the official account and that the agency was being encouraged to use Twitter to post public safety and park information only, and to avoid national policy issues. Within hours, unofficial resistance, or rogue, Twitter accounts began sprouting up, emblazoned with the logos of government agencies, the list growing to at least 14 such sites by Wednesday afternoon. An account dubbed @ungaggedEPA invited followers to visit its feeds of “ungagged news, links, tips and conversation that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is unable to tell you,” adding that it was “Not directly affiliated with @EPA.” “Civil servants have a job to do and part of that job is to interpret the national parks and history behind it,” said a former official at the Interior Department, the parent agency of the National Park Service, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The former official said that while people outside the federal government could be involved in the rogue accounts, employees with whom the official communicated were supporting the feeds. “They bristle at any political involvement,” the former official said. “They’re taking that as an attack on their work. You have 75l,000 people feeling attacked. You’re going to play whack-a-mole trying to stop them. I don’t see this stopping.” The phenomenon was not limited to U.S. environmental and natural resource employees. They were soon joined by similar alternative Twitter accounts for various science and health agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Weather Service. Many of their messages carried Twitter hashtags #resist or #resistance. ",1
5987,Trump administration debates designating Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist group,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A debate is under way in the Trump administration about whether the United States should declare the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization and subject it to U.S. sanctions, according to U.S. officials and people close to President Donald Trump’s transition team. A faction led by Michael Flynn, Trump’s National Security Advisor, wants to add the Brotherhood to the State Department and U.S. Treasury lists of foreign terrorist organizations, the sources said. “I know it has been discussed. I’m in favor of it,” said a Trump transition advisor, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. The advisor said Flynn’s team discussed adding the group to the U.S. list of terrorist groups but said it was ultimately unclear when or even if the administration ultimately would go ahead with such a move. Other Trump advisors, as well as many veteran national security, diplomatic, law enforcement and intelligence officials argue the Brotherhood has evolved peacefully in some countries, according to officials and people close to Trump’s entourage. They worry that a U.S. move to designate the entire Brotherhood a terrorist group would complicate relations with Turkey, a key American ally in the fight against Islamic State, and where the Islamist-rooted AKP Party that dominates the Turkish government of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is in power. Tunisia’s Islamist Ennahda Party has also participated in democratic elections. The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, the country’s oldest Islamist movement, was designated as a terrorist organization in that country in 2013. It is not clear which faction within the U.S. administration has the upper hand, and Senator Ted Cruz and Representative Mario Diaz-Balart this month introduced legislation to add the Brotherhood to the terrorist list. There was no immediate comment from the White House. Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates among others have designated the group on their terrorist lists, and Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, described the Brotherhood an “an agent of radical Islam”, during his Senate confirmation hearing. U.S. criminal law prohibits people in the United States from knowingly providing “material support” to designated terrorist organizations, and members of such groups are banned from entering the United States.Some conservative and anti-Muslim activists have argued for years that the Brotherhood, which was founded in Egypt in 1928 and sought to establish a worldwide Islamic caliphate by peaceful means, has been a breeding ground for terrorists. Some branches of the Brotherhood, including the Palestinian group Hamas, have engaged in anti-government violence and provoked violent government reactions. Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of al-Qaeda, was once a member of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood. Other offshoots in Turkey and Tunisia have forsworn violence and come to power by democratic means. Muslim Brotherhood President Mohammed Mursi became Egypt’s first freely elected president in June 2012 in the aftermath of the ousting of long-time ruler Hosni Mubarak. An army takeover stripped Mursi of power in 2013 following mass protests against his rule. Hundreds of Islamists have since been killed and arrested. Sisi and Trump spoke by phone this week and the two leaders discussed ways to boost the fight against terrorism and extremism. A U.S. official who declined to be identified told Reuters there had been discussions at the State Department which looked at intelligence and information on the group in which it was thought “it would be difficult to justify legally, in terms of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood, to meet the criteria”. “It’s one thing to say one group’s ideology has been used to influence a terrorist organization and another thing to say that this group is a terrorist organization,” said the U.S. official. Following the Sept. 11, 2001, al Qaeda attacks on the United States, the George W. Bush administration launched investigations into the Brotherhood and related Islamist movements. After years of investigations, however, the U.S. and other governments, including Switzerland’s, closed investigations of the Brotherhood leaders and financial group for lack of evidence, and removed most of the leaders from sanctions lists. A British government review into Egypt’s outlawed Muslim Brotherhood published in December 2015 concluded that membership of or links to the political group should be considered a possible indicator of extremism but stopped short of recommending that it should be banned. ",1
5988,House lawmaker seeks more documents in FDA criminal office inquiry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top U.S. lawmaker accused the Food and Drug Administration on Friday of failing to hand over documents that would show whether its criminal office is fulfilling the critical mission of protecting public health. “The FDA’s long-overdue response leaves key questions unanswered about the performance and effectiveness of the FDA’s Office of Criminal Investigations,” House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden told Reuters in a statement. An FDA spokeswoman did not have an immediate comment. Walden’s comments come about four months after the congressional panel launched an examination into the criminal office and how it was managing cases involving food, drugs and devices. The review came after Reuters reported that FDA agents were concerned that managers, including former OCI Director George Karavetsos, were forcing them to pursue often toothless cases involving mislabeled foreign-imported injectable drugs, at the expense of cases with more potential to protect the public health. The agents said they had become the “Botox Police” and were spending hours chasing down doctors who purchased authentic versions of Allergan’s popular anti-wrinkle drug that were labeled for use in other countries. Those concerns came at a time when the office was seeing more than half its opened cases ultimately get closed without action, Reuters found. Reuters also reported on how the FDA permitted Karavetsos to relocate back to Florida in mid-2016 and run the OCI from its Miami office, even after the FDA had already paid more than $25,000 to move him to Maryland in 2015. The FDA did not meet the committee’s October deadline to provide written answers to questions until Jan. 19. The next day, Karavetsos departed to work for DLA Piper where he will represent drug and device industry clients. In its letter reviewed by Reuters, the FDA listed its investigative priorities and said that traditional metrics used to gauge success, such as arrests and convictions, cannot capture the impact of its public health mission. It also provided annual data on arrests, convictions, and the number of opened cases. However, it omitted preliminary-stage investigative numbers from the total number of cases opened each year, which makes the conviction rate appear higher, according to a side-by-side comparison. Walden said the FDA did not provide a performance plan, among other things. He also complained of redactions on a separate record, which according to a committee aide contained salary and compensation information for Karavetsos. ",1
5989,U.S. House tax chief says Trump border tax not singling out Mexico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A leading congressional Republican on tax policy said on Thursday that he does not believe President Donald Trump is suggesting that revenues to pay for a border wall would come from a tax imposed solely on imports from Mexico. “I don’t think they were singling out one country,” said House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, whose congressional panel is crafting tax reform legislation. “What I heard today from this president was ... that they would level the playing field for imports from around the world and level it with U.S. products here in America at the exact same rate,” he said in an interview with Fox News. ",1
5990,"Syria rebels await action from Trump on safe zones, Damascus silent","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian rebels urged President Donald Trump to fulfill a pledge to create safe zones in their country, but analysts doubted he would proceed with a step that could drag Washington deeper into war, hasten Syria’s fragmentation and risk conflict with Russia.  Trump told ABC News on Wednesday he “will absolutely do safe zones in Syria” for refugees fleeing violence and that Europe had made a mistake by admitting millions of refugees from Syria. President Bashar al-Assad’s opponents have long demanded safe zones to protect civilians who have fled government air strikes and bombardment of rebel-held areas. But reflecting uncertainties about the announcement, representatives of the insurgents voiced only cautious optimism. “We’ve seen no result on the ground from (U.S.) statements that were made six years ago. So therefore we await action before anything else,” said Fares al-Bayoush, a rebel commander in northwestern Syria. Qatar, which backs the rebels, welcomed Trump’s comments and “emphasized the need to provide safe havens in Syria and to impose no-fly zones to ensure the safety of civilians”. There was no immediate word from Damascus, but it is sure to oppose such a move as Assad has vowed to regain control of all Syria. Iran, which backs militias in Syria including Lebanon’s Hezbollah, would also oppose any U.S. intervention. Russia said it had not been consulted on Trump’s plan, warning that it should not “exacerbate the situation with refugees” and Washington should weigh up “all the consequences”.  The creation of safe zones would mark a major shift in U.S. policy. Former U.S. President Barack Obama resisted an idea that would require a commitment to defend such areas from the Syrian government or its foreign allies, including Russia. Trump appears to see safe zones as a way to stem the tide of refugees which he sees as a possible threat to U.S. security. But there are no obvious answers as to how the United States would avoid the problems that have prevented it establishing safe zones in Syria before, including the complication of policing such an area in a war zone dotted with armed groups. “At this stage this is very much in the realm of political maneuvering,” said Yezid Sayigh, a senior fellow and Syria expert at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut. “I don’t think it is signaling imminent U.S. action.” Trump could order the State Department and Pentagon to produce a plan that would also create “safe areas” in countries surrounding Syria where millions of refugees already live. The Syrian government hopes Trump will end U.S. support for the rebels fighting Assad and refocus U.S. policy solely on fighting Islamic State, perhaps in cooperation with Russia. Trump has indicated he will do both.   Almost six years of war has turned Syria into a patchwork of areas, some controlled by Assad, some by rebel groups and others by Kurdish militia or Islamic State militants. Previous discussion of safe zones in Syria has focused on rebel-held areas in the northwest stretching from Idlib province to the Euphrates river. Areas in the southwest at the border with Jordan have also been seen as a possibility. But the complications have grown since the Syrian opposition first called for safe zones, including the deployment of Russia’s air force to Syria.  Defending a safe zone from attack by the Syrian government or its Russian and Iranian-backed militia allies would inevitably lead to an escalation, which is one of the reasons Obama had avoided this path in the first place, Sayigh said.  Another big challenge would be how to police the area to maintain its neutral status as a safe zone, he added. While much of Trump’s Syria policy remains unclear, Syrian Kurds, who have generally avoided conflict with Assad, look set to remain central to U.S. strategy. The Syrian Kurdish YPG militia controls swathes of northeast Syria, where conflict with the government is rare and the U.S. air force mounts regular air strikes against IS targets. Syrian Kurdish autonomy in northern Syria alarms Turkey, which fears it could increase separatist sentiment among its Kurdish minority. Kurdish groups already govern northern Iraq, where the establishment of a no-fly zone in 1991 helped them on their way to autonomy from Baghdad. The YPG has links to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a designated terrorist groups in Turkey.     Growing Kurdish influence in northern Syria largely explains why Turkey launched a major incursion into Syria last year, helping insurgents from the Free Syrian Army drive both Islamic State and Kurdish militia away from the border. The operation dubbed “Euphrates Shield” has created what Turkish officials call a safe zone that is 100 km (62 miles) long. This week, a new Turkish-trained Syrian police force deployed in the town of Jarablus in that strip of territory. Turkey, which hosts 2.8 million Syrian refugees, has long advocated safe zones in Syria.  But underlining the caution with which foreign governments are viewing Trump’s comments, Turkey said it was waiting to see the outcome of a “study” requested by Trump. Aid agencies in the region are concerned. Karl Schembri, Regional Media Adviser in the Middle East for the Norwegian Refugee Council, said that from the group’s  experience, “we know that militarily enforced ‘safe zones’ rarely work and can actually put civilians at more risk”.       ",1
5991,EPA aims to end Trump's freeze on contracts and grants on Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Environmental Protection Agency has told several lawmakers it aims to end late on Friday a freeze on grants and contracts that had been ordered by the White House, congressional aides said. The freeze has led to widespread concerns in states and cities about whether there would be delays in efforts to monitor and clean up toxic pollution, particularly lead pollution in drinking water, that would put the health of Americans at risk. The Trump administration on Monday asked the EPA to temporarily freeze grants, contracts and interagency agreements pending a review. The EPA allocates $4 billion in contracts annually on projects ranging from cleaning up polluted industrial sites to testing of air and water quality. The concerns were acute in Flint, Michigan, where children for years have been exposed to dangerous levels of lead in drinking water. After Representative Dan Kildee, whose congressional district includes Flint, and Michigan’s two U.S. senators wrote to President Donald Trump asking whether programs would be delayed, the EPA told them that grants to clean up the water would be uninterrupted. Congress last year approved $100 million to clean up water in Flint.   The EPA told some lawmakers it was continuing to award environmental program grants and revolving-loan fund grants to states and tribes and was “working quickly to address issues related to other categories of grants,” aides said. But Flint and other cities exposed to lead poisoning remain concerned about testing.  “The people of Flint also rely on other EPA contracts to conduct independent water testing and provide expertise when it comes to ensuring water quality,” said Mitchell Rivard, a Kildee spokesman, who was waiting for news from the EPA and Trump about those programs. An official from another Midwestern city that has suffered lead poisoning, speaking on condition of anonymity, said local politicians had asked the EPA if programs would be slowed but had received no answers. A former EPA head of grants said the freeze was troubling because it showed a “total lack of communication about it with states, tribes and communities.” “They’re supposed to be EPA’s partners in keeping people safe and health, so they should have been consulted, or at least warned,” said Karl Brooks, a former acting assistant administrator at the agency. If every polluted community has to push politicians to write letters to the EPA, the agency “will be spending most of its time answering congressional letters and not getting lead out of water or mercury out of our air,” he said. ",1
5992,Several senior State Department officials leave posts: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has accepted the resignations of two top State Department officials effective on Friday, a step entirely within the new president’s rights but an abrupt departure for the diplomats, officials said on Thursday. Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy and acting Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Thomas Countryman both plan to leave their posts by Friday, the officials said. Turnover is the rule, rather than the exception, among the top officials in the U.S. government when the White House changes hands from one party to another, in this case from Democrat Barack Obama to Republican Donald Trump. In his first week in office, Trump has illustrated stark policy differences from Obama on trade and immigration. On Monday, Trump formally withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and on Wednesday he ordered construction of a wall on the border with Mexico and threatened to punish U.S. cities shielding illegal immigrants. Political appointees chosen by the president and confirmed by the Senate were obliged, as usual, after Trump’s Nov. 8 election victory, to submit letters of resignation to give the new president the opportunity to name his own people to the jobs. Kennedy and Countryman were recently told their resignations had been accepted effective Friday, leaving their bureaus - one of which handles the department’s management and the other which oversees arms control - in the hands of more junior officials. Gregory Starr, Assistant Secretary for State for Diplomatic Security and Michele Bond, Assistant Secretary for Consular Affairs, are also leaving, officials said, though it was not clear under what circumstances or whether they were asked to step down by Friday. Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State, former Exxon Mobil Corp chairman Rex Tillerson, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate, leaving the agency in the hands of number three official Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon. The departures were discussed at State Department Thursday morning meetings and caused some unease, in part because at least two of the officials had been asked to go by Friday.  “It’s not two weeks’ notice,” said one official who spoke on condition of anonymity. However, the department itself stressed that turnover is the norm when a new political party comes to power. “Of the officers whose resignations were accepted, some will continue in the Foreign Service in other positions and others will retire by choice or because they have exceeded the time limits of their grade in service,” acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement. It did not provide a detailed breakdown of whose resignations were accepted or when they were leaving. At least one media report suggested that the departures  amounted to a mass resignation, but several U.S. officials said this was not the case. “It’s not a mass protest or a show of indignation,” said one senior U.S. official. A former senior Obama administration official said there were no plans at the National Security Council for a mass resignation and that recent conversations there with Trump’s inner circle had been viewed as productive and encouraging. The State Department departures amounted to a “huge brain drain,” the former official said, adding that their collective experience would be difficult to recover. However, a current State Department official rejected this view, saying that while Kennedy, in particular, was seen as an institution, he could certainly be replaced. “Everybody is (acting) like it is a big apocalypse. He has large shoes to fill, but the culture of the State Department is about change and moving around every few years,” said the official. “It’s not like the building is going to fall apart.” ",1
5993,"ICRC, jurists join rebuke of Trump torture remarks, 'black site' reports","GENEVA (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) have joined global human rights groups in their rebuke of U.S. President Donald Trump for condoning torture. Trump told ABC television in an interview on Wednesday that he thought waterboarding “worked” as an intelligence-gathering tool but would defer to his cabinet on whether to use it in interrogations. Two U.S. officials said also on Wednesday that Trump may order a review that could lead to bringing back a CIA program for holding terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons. “These practices of torturing detainees and ‘disappearing’ them in black sites are serious crimes which must never be repeated,” Ian Seiderman, Legal and Policy Director of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) said in a statement. ICRC spokesman Ewan Watson said: “For any political leader to advocate torture is very worrying indeed. Experience has shown that using torture doesn’t work, it only grows hatred.” Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Reprieve, a British-based group which represented scores of Guantanamo detainees, have also issued rebukes. Seiderman told Reuters TV that Trump, as commander-in-chief of U.S. forces, “has already signaled to those in the field that may have a propensity to engage in such practice that it is OK with the leader.  “He is also sending a very unfortunate signal to other states and other countries, when the leader of the U.S says it is OK, then maybe they will think it is OK”. According to a document published in the Washington Post, Trump may be planning to revoke Obama directives including one guaranteeing ICRC access to all detainees in U.S. custody. The Trump administration has denied it came from the White House.  ICRC officials have visited security detainees in U.S. custody in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo in Cuba. Their findings on conditions and treatment are shared only with detaining authorities.  In 2004, a leaked ICRC report detailed U.S. mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison near Baghdad, including keeping them naked for days in darkness. It said the mistreatment “in some cases was tantamount to torture”.  An international scandal ensued, fueled by explicit photos taken by U.S. soldiers who had abused prisoners. The ICRC has had a long and constructive dialogue with U.S. authorities on issues linked to detention and armed conflict, ICRC spokeswoman Anna Nelson said.  “We plan to continue visiting detainees held by the U.S. authorities, monitoring their treatment and conditions of detention, and engaging confidentially with the authorities on these important issues,” she said.  Torture is forbidden under U.S. and international law, and by pacts such as the U.N. Convention against Torture and the Geneva Conventions. ",1
5994,Trump's plan to halt 'catch and release' of migrants could hit a wall,"GUADALUPE, Mexico/TORNILLO, Texas (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s plan to end the policy of “catch and release” - where illegal immigrants are caught and then freed pending hearings - could hit a wall, immigrant advocates warn, and not the one he is planning to build on the Mexican border. “OK, Mr Trump, you don’t want them released, show me where you are going to hold them - show me the building,” said Ruben Garcia, the director of Annunciation House, a Roman Catholic charity in El Paso, Texas, that gives shelter to migrant families.  Garcia’s group received more than 400 migrants released by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement just between Monday and Wednesday, the day Trump announced tougher measures to curb illegal immigration. “They are releasing them not because they want to do catch and release, but because detention centers don’t have enough space,” said Garcia. That underscores one potential problem of ending the practice of “catch and release” - almost half the immigrants apprehended by U.S. officials are now Central American families or children, and only a tiny number of detention spaces are available for those categories of immigrants. Trump did announce plans to increase the number of family detention centers, but establishing them will take time and could face legal challenges, legal experts on immigration said.   A Reuters review of U.S. Customs and Border Patrol data shows an accelerating trend of Central American families who hand themselves in at the border and are released while awaiting deportation or a decision on an asylum request. In the last three months of 2016, the number of people - almost all of them families and children - who handed themselves in to agents along the U.S.-Mexican border rose by a quarter versus the same period the year before, CBP data shows.  Agents apprehended a total of 136,670 people crossing the Mexican border, the highest number since 2008, and 48 percent of those were unaccompanied children or families with children.  Nearly 45,000 parents with children were apprehended in the October-December quarter, but the border currently has beds for only around 3,300 people in this category of immigrants, mostly at the Karnes and Dilley detention centers in Texas, according to ICE data from 2016. Because most of the families are from Central America, they cannot immediately be turned around and sent back to Mexico. Lack of space in detention centers for parents with children means that almost all such migrants, who are mostly fleeing poverty and violence in Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, are fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet, given a court date and released. Many end up requesting asylum, a process that can take five or more years to be resolved, immigration lawyers say. Even without requesting asylum, it can take years to deport families through the United States’ bunged-up immigration courts. Trump could expand a policy practiced under former President Barack Obama of using military bases to temporarily house more immigrants. The Fort Bliss base in El Paso has housed thousands of children since September, for example. He could also explore ways to refit other existing facilities to help handle the flood of families. Building more detention centers like Karnes and Dilley will take longer. They also typically face legal challenges by civil rights lawyers concerned about the living conditions in them. Trump could also seek to expand an Obama program aimed at increasing the number of Central American asylum seekers who make their initial claim from their home country. In the long term, he could ask Mexico to let immigrants make the asylum claims from there, although ties between the two countries are now seriously frayed because of Trump’s vow to force Mexico to pay for a wall on the southern U.S. border. Garcia, the shelter director, acknowledged that if Trump was finally successful in opening thousands more detention spaces for families, that would slow the numbers coming.  “The word would spread that the probability they will be locked up and put on a plane had become much higher,” Garcia said. Central Americans are usually deported from the United States on flights back to their home countries. While the number of “turn-ins” - those who hand themselves in to U.S. authorities - are highest around McAllen, Texas, the jump has been particularly noticeable in the El Paso sector of the border with Mexico. Here, 60 percent of the immigrants apprehended between October and December were children or families. For years a quiet spot on the immigration map, El Paso saw 5,200 families apprehended in the period, nearly three times as many compared to the same period a year ago, and 1,972, or double, the number of unaccompanied children. U.S Border Patrol agent Jose Romero has observed the trend first-hand along the tall, rust-colored fence punctuated with rural border crossings stretching some 40 miles (65 km) from El Paso to beyond Tornillo, Texas. “A lot of the traffic we are seeing right now is family groups ... coming across and they are looking for an agent right away to turn themselves in,” Romero said, calling it a change from the past, when more people were trying to sneak in undetected. “They want to be apprehended.” The fence, finished in 2010, ends abruptly near pecan orchards and irrigation ditches on the Texan side, across the Rio Grande from Mexico’s drug war-torn Valle de Juarez, a  cotton-farming region now littered with burned-out homes. Last February, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Obama’s secretary of commerce, Penny Pritzker, opened a major new border crossing from Tornillo on the Texan side, to Guadalupe on the Mexican side, hoping to boost trade between the countries. By November, truck traffic was still light across the bridge. Instead, ICE opened a temporary holding center, with 500 places in white tents on the asphalt on the U.S. side of the bridge, to help process some of the surging numbers of migrant families apprehended by U.S. officials in the surrounding area. ",1
5995,Trump wants border tax to pay for wall with Mexico: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump wants a new 20 percent tax on all imports from Mexico to pay for a wall on the southern U.S. border, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday. No details were available on how the tax would work, but Spicer said Trump wanted it to be part of a tax reform package that the U.S. Congress is contemplating. ",1
5996,Trump names temporary chairs for U.S. labor agencies,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has appointed Republican members of two federal labor agencies to serve as their acting chairs, an early signal of a shift to more business-friendly policies. The National Labor Relations Board on Thursday said Trump had named Philip Miscimarra to the temporary role, one day after the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission announced that Victoria Lipnic had been named acting chair of the commission. The NLRB oversees union elections and enforces a federal law protecting workers’ rights to organize. The EEOC enforces federal laws prohibiting employment discrimination. Under former President Barack Obama, both agencies were the target of fierce criticism from business groups and Republican officials.  Miscimarra and Lipnic, both Obama appointees, will temporarily replace Democrats who had chaired the agencies until Trump’s permanent replacements are confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The EEOC and NLRB chairs make staffing decisions and have a key role in updating guidelines and setting agency priorities. The EEOC currently has one vacancy, and the NLRB has two. Despite being Obama appointees, Lipnic and Miscimarra have routinely broken with their Democratic colleagues.  Miscimarra’s many dissents in NLRB cases since his appointment in 2013 helped lay the foundation for claims by the business community that under Obama, the board baldly favored unions rather than promoting a balance between labor and management. In 2012, Lipnic dissented in a landmark EEOC case in which the commission ruled for the first time that discrimination against gay workers is a form of unlawful sex bias. She also objected to guidelines on pregnancy discrimination released by the commission in 2014, and regulations published the following year that made it easier for workers to sue for age discrimination. Lipnic, who worked at the U.S. Department of Labor under President George W. Bush before joining the EEOC in 2010, said in a statement that she was honored by the appointment. “I believe equal employment opportunity is critical to all Americans and to how we define ourselves as a nation,” she said. Miscimarra in a separate statement said his goal was “to foster stability and to apply the National Labor Relations Act in an even-handed manner that serves the interests of employees, employers and unions throughout the country.” ",1
5997,Philadelphia Fox affiliate suspends TV host for Conway remark: media," (Editors Note: Attention to language that may be offensive to some readers in paragraph two) By Laila Kearney (Reuters) - A Fox-affiliated Philadelphia morning show host has been suspended after using a word considered offensive on live television to describe the Trump administration’s Kellyanne Conway, local media reported on Thursday. Good Day Philadelphia’s Mike Jerrick was discussing Conway’s use of the term “alternative facts” on Tuesday with co-host Alex Holley and guests when he said the Trump aide was “good at bullshit.” The group laughed at the remark before Holley apologized to the show’s audience. Jerrick, who did not appear on Fox 29’s “Good Day” on Wednesday or Thursday, has been suspended from the show for an indefinite period, Philadelphia Magazine reported, citing the host. Jerrick and Conway could not immediately be reached for comment. Fox Television Stations said in a statement that it had addressed the incident, but it offered no details. “This is not in line with FOX Television Stations guidelines,” the statement said. A spokeswoman with the broadcast group declined to say whether Jerrick had been suspended. Jerrick, who has also hosted the nationally syndicated Fox talk show “The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet,” wrote on Instagram late on Wednesday: “Night off. Why not. Always a good fight.” The post was followed by more than 150 comments, some from people who said they would boycott Fox until Jerrick’s return. The “alternative facts” remark drew widespread criticism on social media and has been credited with a spike in sales of George Orwell’s “1984” novel about a dystopian future where people are forced to simultaneously accept contradictory versions of the truth. Conway was responding to accusations that the Trump administration was fixated on the size of his inauguration crowds, saying: “We feel compelled to go out and clear the air and put alternative facts out there.” ",1
5998,U.S. Border Patrol Chief Morgan asked to leave agency,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Border Patrol Chief Mark Morgan has been asked to step down as the agency moves toward tougher enforcement of immigration laws under the Trump administration, a Department of Homeland Security official told Reuters on Thursday. Morgan, a longtime former Federal Bureau of Investigation official, is expected to leave his post by the end of the month, a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection said.  President Donald Trump announced a broad plan to crack down on border security on Wednesday, including directing the construction of a wall along the border with Mexico.  The border patrol union, which endorsed Trump’s presidential campaign and applauded his executive orders, had been critical of Morgan for supporting former President Barack Obama’s plans to safeguard certain undocumented immigrants from deportation.  The executive board of the National Border Patrol Council called Morgan arrogant and a “disgrace to the Border Patrol” in an opinion piece published by conservative website Breitbart News on Nov. 30. Unlike many border patrol officers, Morgan did not climb the chain of command within the agency but spent most of his career with the FBI. Acting U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan issued a statement thanking Morgan for his service.  “On behalf of the men and women of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Border Patrol, I want to thank Mark Morgan for his unwavering dedication to our border security mission, and recognize his life-long career in service to the nation,” the statement said.  ",1
5999,Trump says he will work against illegal voting,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - President Donald Trump told Republican lawmakers on Thursday he would work against illegal voting, continuing to insist it is a problem in the United States despite a consensus among officials that voter fraud is rare. “We ... need to keep the ballot box safe from illegal voting,” Trump said at a party retreat in Philadelphia. “We are going to protect the integrity of the ballot box and we are going to defend the votes of the American citizen. So important.” Trump said on Wednesday he would seek an investigation into illegal voting after being repeatedly challenged over his assertions that he lost the popular vote in the Nov. 8 election to Democrat Hillary Clinton due to voter fraud. He has not offered evidence to support the claim. ",1
6000,Trump says meeting with Mexican president would have been 'fruitless',"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday that his now-scrapped meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto would have been “fruitless” if Mexico will not agree to treat America “with respect.” “The President of Mexico and myself have agreed to cancel our planned meeting for next week,” Trump told Republican lawmakers gathered in Philadelphia for a retreat. “Unless Mexico is going to treat the United States fairly - with respect - such a meeting would be fruitless. And I want to go a different route,” said Trump, who wants to build a wall on the southern border of the United States. He says Mexico will pay for it but Mexico insists it will not. ",1
6001,Trump says plans lots of bilateral trade deals with quick termination clauses,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he would strike numerous bilateral trade deals, as opposed to multilateral accords like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and they would include clauses to allow a 30-day termination notice. “Believe me, we’re going to have a lot of trade deals,” Trump told a gathering of Republican lawmakers. “If that particular country doesn’t treat us fairly, we send them a 30-day termination, notice of termination.” ",1
6002,"U.S. federal employee 'gag orders' may be illegal, lawmakers warn Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior Democratic lawmakers on Thursday called on the White House to lift orders barring government agency employees from communicating with the public and Congress, saying such restrictions may violate federal laws. Congressmen Elijah Cummings of Maryland, ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey, ranking member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, sent a letter to White House counsel Donald McGahn asking for immediate action to address the administration’s “gag orders on federal employees that prevent them from communicating with Congress.  “We urge you to immediately rescind all policies on employee communications that do not comply with the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act and other federal statutes,” they wrote in the letter dated on Thursday.  Employees at the Environmental Protection Agency, the Interior Department, the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services have seen directives from the newly minted leadership that limit how they communicate to the public, according to multiple sources. [L1N1FE5FE] At a news conference on Tuesday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the White House had not ordered such directives. “I don’t think it’s a surprise we’re going to review the policies, but I don’t have any info at this time,” Spicer added. The letter from Cummings and Pallone asked U.S. President Donald Trump to issue a statement “making clear to all federal employees that they have the right to communicate with Congress and that he and his Administration will not silence or retaliate against whistleblowers.” ",1
6003,White House says looks to reschedule meeting with Mexico's president,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that it would look for an opportunity to reschedule President Donald Trump’s meeting with Mexico’s president after Enrique Pena Nieto canceled a visit next week. “We will look for a date to schedule something in the future. We will keep the lines of communication open,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said. ",1
6004,U.S. State Dept cites standard practice in resignations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Thursday that the outgoing administration in coordination with the incoming one had requested “all politically appointed officers submit letters of resignation” as is standard practice. “Of the officers whose resignations were accepted, some will continue in the Foreign Service in other positions and others will retire by choice or because they have exceeded the time limits of their grade in service,” a statement by acting State Department spokesman, Mark Toner, said. ",1
6005,Trump weighs next executive orders on national security: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is considering several more executive orders concerning national security that could be issued as early as Friday but has not yet made decisions on their scope or sequencing, the White House said on Thursday. Drafts of executive orders on a series of issues have leaked recently, but White House spokesman Sean Spicer declined to comment specifically on what was under consideration.’ “I think the president sometime later today will be presented with some options by his senior team and decide whether or not they meet his intent and whether or not all of them are ones that he wants to go either by the end of this week or into next week,” Spicer told reporters traveling with Trump to Philadelphia, where the president will meet with Republican lawmakers. Responding to questions about reports that Trump was looking at reducing the U.S. role in the United Nations and other international institutions, Spicer said Trump was reviewing all federal government spending, in the United States and abroad. “I’m not ready to make any announcements on funding or action on any of those institutions,” Spicer said. Asked whether Trump was considering executive action to bring back a program to hold terrorism suspects in secret overseas “black site” prisons, Spicer declined to comment. “There is a question of what he wants and whether or not those documents represent his current thinking, what his desires are. There’s inputs that can be shared with individuals or with the White House or with staff, it doesn’t necessarily reflect the president’s current thinking,” he said. Trump plans to sign an executive order later on Thursday ordering an investigation into U.S. voter fraud, which repeated studies have shown is rare and isolated. On Friday, he intends to visit the Pentagon where he will participate in a ceremonial swearing-in of new Defense Secretary James Mattis, and meet with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and others to get assessments on a broad range of national security issues. “There’s a lot of issues that he continues to be updated on on a daily basis, from a national security standpoint, from military hot spots, whether it’s Syria, our efforts there or our efforts to fight ISIS - other threats that we face, whether it’s the Middle East or South China Sea,” Spicer said. “But he’s going to continue to get briefed and have a discussion on their assessment of the current national security situation.”  Trump will also hold a press conference on Friday with British Prime Minister Theresa May, his first meeting with a foreign leader at the White House, Spicer said. The president had planned to meet with U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch and U.S. Representative Kevin Brady on trade issues later on Thursday, but that meeting was postponed, Spicer said. ",1
6006,Mexico says cancelling Trump summit would fuel uncertainty,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A possible cancellation of a meeting planned next week between Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump would fuel uncertainty, Mexican Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Thursday. “That’s correct,” Meade said on Mexican radio when asked if a cancellation of the meeting would fuel uncertainty. Earlier, Trump said on Twitter Pena Nieto should cancel his upcoming visit to Washington if Mexico refuses to pay for the border wall the American wants to build along the border. ",1
6007,Republicans lay out plans for Obamacare repeal,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - U.S. Republican leaders on Wednesday laid out plans for repealing Obamacare by spring, followed by funding the building of a border wall and reforming the tax code by late summer, as lawmakers launched an effort to unify behind a legislative strategy. But Republicans gathered in Philadelphia for a three-day retreat showed little fervor for President Donald Trump’s calls to investigate what he believes was large-scale voter fraud in the Nov. 8 election. On Wednesday night, several hundred protesters crammed into the street near the hotel where Trump is scheduled to speak to congressional Republicans on Thursday to demonstrate against his agenda. “Philly hates Trump!” and “No hate, no fear, refugees are welcome here,” were among the demonstrators’ chants. Police said they were expecting a larger turnout of protesters on Thursday when both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence address the Republican gathering. Trump said on Wednesday he would seek a voter fraud probe, although there is overwhelming consensus among state officials, election experts and politicians that such fraud is rare in the United States. At the closed-door retreat, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan laid out a plan of legislative action including repeal of the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law known as Obamacare, by March or April, followed by appropriations for a border wall with Mexico and overhauling the tax code by August, one Republican source said. Republicans have majorities in both the House and Senate.  A senior House Republican, Representative Diane Black, said key House committees would take votes within the next two weeks on draft legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. “Then we expect that probably toward the latter part of February, or the first part of March, that we should be ready to go with the final reconciliation bill” to repeal Obamacare, she told reporters. Representative Chris Collins, a New York Republican who was an early Trump backer, said on MSNBC that lawmakers were told at the retreat that they would write legislation “in the next two months” to help pay for the border wall that Trump signed directives to build. On the issue of tax reform, Ryan, speaking to MSNBC, said: “Our goal is to get this done by the end of summer, which is for Congress quite fast.”  While there is Republican enthusiasm about the idea of swift action against Obamacare and on taxes, the challenge for Trump and congressional Republicans will be getting lawmakers to coalesce around specific plans. Trump won in November because he secured the most votes in the state-by-state Electoral College system, but he lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million ballots. Irked by that large figure, he has blamed voter fraud, without citing evidence, and called for an investigation. Senator John Thune of South Dakota, chair of the Senate Republican Conference, saw little need for a probe. “I’ve not seen any evidence to that effect, but if they want to take that issue up, that’s a decision obviously that he can make,” Thune told reporters. “All I can say is what I’ve said before, and that is that we’ve moved on, the election’s over with, we had a decisive winner in our constitutional system, and we’re ready to go to work,” he said. U.S. Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state, chair of the Republican conference in the House of Representatives, took a wait-and-see attitude toward Trump’s demand for a probe. “It’s very important that people have confidence in the elections and the outcome of those elections. And I’ll wait until I see more of what he’s proposing before I comment on what his action is going to be,” she said. British Prime Minister Theresa May will also join lawmakers in Philadelphia on Thursday and is expected to discuss plans for a possible U.S.-U.K. trade deal. ",1
6008,Trump names Cheryl LaFleur acting chairman of FERC,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday named Cheryl LaFleur as the acting chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), according to a statement released by the FERC. LaFleur has been a member of the commission since 2010 and has served as the acting chairman before, from November 2013 to July 2014 and as the Chairman from July 2014 to April 2015, the FERC noted. ",1
6009,"Chelsea Manning criticizes Obama, draws Trump's ire","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. military intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning on Thursday questioned Barack Obama’s legacy after the former Democratic president commuted her sentence last week, and she called for “an unapologetic progressive leader” to fight for minorities’ rights. While not mentioning U.S. President Donald Trump by name, Manning wrote in Britain’s the Guardian that “after eight years of attempted compromise and relentless disrespect in return, we are moving into darker times” and urged Democrats not to compromise.  Trump responded in a tweet, calling her a traitor and criticizing the decision to release her.  “Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!” Trump wrote.      Manning had been sentenced to 35 years in prison after   committing the biggest breach of classified information in American history in 2010 by handing over U.S. government secrets to anti-secrecy group Wikileaks.   In one of his final actions before leaving office last week, Obama commuted Manning’s sentence to about seven years, allowing it to end on May 17. Republicans, including Trump’s spokesman, criticized the commutation as a dangerous precedent for leakers. Obama has defended the move, saying Manning had served a tough sentence and that justice had been served. He also said it was unrelated to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange’s pledge to accept extradition to the United States, where there is an open criminal investigation into the group’s activities, if Manning was freed. Wikileaks, in its own tweet on Thursday, rejected Trump’s assertion as “wrong,” noting that Manning was found not guilty of the most serious charge, aiding the enemy.  Manning, formerly known as U.S. Army Private First Class Bradley Manning, was born male but revealed after being convicted of espionage that she identifies as a woman. She has struggled to cope as a transgender woman in a men’s military prison and last year twice tried to kill herself. In her Guardian piece, she did not directly acknowledge Obama’s commutation. Instead, Manning said the former president compromised too much and left a “vulnerable legacy” with “very few permanent accomplishments.”  She raised concerns about worsening healthcare, increased criminalization of racial minorities and “queer and trans people,” and she urged political progressives to prepare to dig in and push for “change at every level.”  “The one simple lesson to draw from President Obama’s legacy: Do not start off with a compromise. They won’t meet you in the middle. Instead, what we need is an unapologetic progressive leader.”  ",1
6010,Young girl who tweeted from Aleppo asks Trump to help Syrian children,"LONDON (Reuters) - The seven-year-old Syrian girl who gained a global following last year with her Twitter updates from Aleppo has written an open letter to U.S. President Donald Trump asking him to help other children her war-torn country. Bana Alabed drew some 363,000 followers after she joined the micro-blogging site in September where she uploaded messages and pictures of daily life in Aleppo on the @AlabedBana handle, an account managed by her mother Fatemah. Last month, the young girl and her family were evacuated from the rebel-held eastern part of the city following a government offensive. They arrived in Turkey, where they met President Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey has supported rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. On her own @FatemahAlabed Twitter account, Fatemah posted a picture of the handwritten letter where the young girl introduces herself to Trump as “part of the Syrian children who suffered from the Syrian war”. “...Can you please save the children and people of Syria? You must do something for the children of Syria because they are like your children and deserve peace like you,” the letter reads. “If you promise me you will do something for the children of Syria, I am already your new friend.” Britain’s BBC quoted Fatemah as saying Bana penned the letter before Trump’s inauguration last Friday. In the letter, Bana also talks about losing friends in the nearly-six-year conflict and her new life outside Syria. “Right now in Turkey, I can go out and enjoy. I can go to school although I didn’t yet. That is why peace is important for everyone including you,” she said. “However, millions of Syrian children are not like me right now and suffering in different parts of Syria. They are suffering because of adult people.” On Wednesday, Trump said he “will absolutely do safe zones in Syria” for refugees fleeing violence, without giving further details. His comments came after Russia, Turkey and Iran on Tuesday backed a shaky truce between Syria’s warring parties.   ",1
6011,"Trump summit with Mexico's Pena Nieto still on, 'for now'","MEXICO CITY, (Reuters) - A summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Mexican counterpart Enrique Pena Nieto next week is still on “for now”, Mexico’s foreign minister said on Wednesday, despite pressure at home to scrap it over objections to a border wall. Earlier in the day Trump signed new executive orders, including one authorizing a wall on the U.S. southern border, just as a Mexican delegation led by Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray arrived at the White House for talks.  The timing caused outrage in Mexico, with prominent politicians and many on social media seeing at as a deliberate snub to the government’s efforts to engage with Trump, who has for months used Mexico as a political punching bag. “The meeting between the two presidents in Washington next Tuesday is still confirmed,” Videgaray said. “The meeting, for now, is going forward,” he said.  President Enrique Pena Nieto said in a recorded message that he “disapproves” of Trump’s order on the border wall and in response ordered Mexico’s fifty U.S. consuls to extend legal help to citizens living in the United States. “Wherever there is a Mexican migrant who needs our help, we should be there,” he said. One source with knowledge of the government’s thinking said the measure was intended to clog U.S. immigration courts with legal objections to deportations. The courts already face a backlog of half a million cases. Videgaray said some “positive elements” resulted from the talks, including a blunt acknowledgment by Trump of the U.S. role in supplying illegal arms to Mexico. He also referred to Trump’s public comments that he wanted to see a strong Mexican economy. Videgaray said it had been “a day of contrasts,” adding that his delegation’s talks with senior White House aides lasted eight hours. Speaking as Trump gave orders to start work on the wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-km) border with Mexico, two-time presidential runner-up and leftist opposition leader Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said the announcement was an insult to his country and called for international legal action. “I respectfully suggest that the government of Mexico presents a lawsuit at the United Nations against the U.S. government for violation of human rights and racial discrimination,” Lopez Obrador told a crowd of supporters north of Mexico City. A former mayor of the capital, Lopez Obrador has led several early opinion polls ahead of the July 2018 election, and last week he announced plans for a tour of major U.S. cities in February to drum up support among Mexican-Americans. Trump’s broadsides against Mexico have put Pena Nieto under rising domestic pressure. His approval ratings are at the lowest level of any Mexican president in years. The American’s threats to tear up a joint trade deal and impose hefty border taxes on Mexican goods have also battered the peso. But his comments on Wednesday that he wanted to see a strong Mexican economy lifted the currency to a three-week high. ",1
