id,title,text,label
16032,Bahrain court sentences 10 men on terrorism charges,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A Bahraini court sentenced 10 men to life imprisonment and revoked their citizenship on charges of forming a terrorist cell and plotting attacks, the Bahraini Public Prosecution said on Tuesday. The men were accused of receiving training in military camps in Iran and Iraq in the use of arms and bombs to carry out terrorist attacks in Bahrain, the prosecution said in a statement. Bahrain, a small island state linked to Saudi Arabia by a 25 km (15 mile) causeway, is strategically important to the West as it hosts the U.S. Fifth Fleet. It has a Shi ite Muslim majority population but is ruled by a Sunni royal family. The government, citing years of deadly bombing and shooting attacks against its security forces, says it faces a militant threat backed by arch-foe Iran. On Monday Bahrain s Public Prosecution said it had sentenced 19 unnamed defendants to prison terms for contacts with a banned party it says is backed by Iran and involved in militant attacks. Critics accuse Bahrain of clamping down on dissent, a charge the government rejects.  ",1
16033,"New Cyprus talks must offer clarity to Turk Cypriots, official says","NICOSIA (Reuters) - Talks on the reunification of Cyprus should resume only if the  political status  of Turkish Cypriots is addressed should the new talks fail, a senior Turkish Cypriot official said. Outlining positions likely to be rejected outright by Greek Cypriots, Ozdil Nami, the chief Turkish Cypriot negotiator, said the Turkish Cypriots needed assurance that their political status would be spelled out if the talks failed. Cyprus was split by a Turkish invasion in 1974 that followed a Greek-inspired coup. Northern Cyprus is now a Turkish Cypriot state of about 300,000 people that is recognised only by Turkey. For Greek Cypriots, who run the island s internationally recognised government which represents the whole island in the European Union, any recognition of the north without reunification is out of the question.   We as the Turkish Cypriot side would insist that the new process, whatever it is going to be, would have to bring clarity to the status of the Turkish Cypriots in international fora,  Nami told Reuters in an interview. Asked to clarify, Nami said:  It would have to spell out what our political status be, should the Greek Cypriot side once again say  no . Either  no  to taking a deal to referendum, or going to a referendum and saying  no .  Pressed further on whether that meant Turkish Cypriots should be accorded some form of recognition if a new initiative sank because of Greek Cypriot recalcitrance, he said:  Exactly . Talks to unite Cyprus collapsed in July, ending one of the most promising negotiations to resolve the long-running conflict, which is a source of tension between Greece and Turkey and hampers Ankara s hopes of joining the EU.   Each side blamed the other for scuppering a deal that would have seen the island united under a two-zone federal system. With a slight shift of present boundaries, northern Cyprus would have become a  constituent state  of the new federal system.  This political ambiguity hovering about our heads for almost 50 years must end,  said Nami, whose office lies a short distance from the green line controlled by the United Nations that splits the Cypriot capital, Nicosia. Since 2003, several crossing points have opened along a 180-km (116 mile) ceasefire line patrolled by the UN. Thousands of people cross daily from one side to the other. Largely peaceful - apart from serious incidents in 1996 in which several people died - both sides say the status quo is not acceptable.   We need to change the status quo, it is mutually agreed,   Nami said.  We either change it by finalizing a federal settlement, or we change it some other way. In both scenarios, in a mutually agreed way.   A year after the checkpoints opened, Greek Cypriots rejected a UN reunification blueprint that critics said ran roughshod over the rights of thousands of people uprooted in the 1974 conflict. Proponents called it a realistic, workable alternative reflecting realities on the ground. Turkish Cypriots had voted in favor of the blueprint.  No one can convince the Turkish Cypriots to once again engage in negotiations that will be hostage of a Greek Cypriot  no ,  Nami said.   Nami, a former Turkish Cypriot foreign minister, said he sensed  huge fatigue  in his community and that he believed the same applied on the Greek Cypriot side.  I think in order for us to have a credible process we must be able to tell our people this process will have a specific end period, at the end of which, a decision will be taken,  he said.  Otherwise it will be extremely difficult to have the public support necessary behind the process.  ",1
16034,Iran seen as winner after Iraq's Kurds lose referendum gamble,"ERBIL (Reuters) - There are no winners among Iraq s Kurds, just weeks after Kurdish president Masoud Barzani gambled away his people s autonomy in a defiant independence referendum.   The losing bet has come at a steep price for everyone involved.  Barzani has had to give up the presidency, his Kurdish political foes have angered their popular base, and the Kurdish people, who overwhelmingly voted to break away from Iraq, feel further than ever from their lifelong dream of independence.    The ultimate winner, analysts say, is Iran, widely believed to have backed and orchestrated Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in his Oct. 16 offensive to recapture Kurdish held-areas, including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.   The Iranians outwitted the Americans; they were the driving force behind the deal to hand over Kirkuk,  said Hassan Shaaban, a political commentator and rights activist in Baghdad.   The balance of power has been transformed in the north of Iraq, exposing the limited hand the Kurds have to play in future negotiations. It has also exposed the dominant role Iran played in transforming the fate of the Kurdish region.  Iran is poised to exploit the political aftermath, pushing to move the centre of power from the regional capital Erbil, where the Barzanis and the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) have dominated, to its Kurdish allies in the city of Sulaimaniya.  Iran was always one step ahead on the referendum,  said Renad Mansour, an Iraq expert at the Chatham House think-tank. They knew Barzani was never going to postpone the vote, he said, adding:  The U.S. was left scrambling while the Iranians were plotting.  A senior Iranian official said Tehran had advised Barzani against the referendum but he would not listen.  We tried to stop this referendum because it was not in their interest. But unfortunately Mr Barzani miscalculated his social base among Kurds and went ahead with the vote,  Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran s National Security Council, was quoted as saying by Mehr news agency on Tuesday.   Iranian Major-General Qassem Soleimani has for years been allied to the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), the main rival of Barzani s KDP. But the referendum has drawn the powerful Iranian commander even closer to Kurdish politics, and shown how far Iran s reach has extended beyond the central government in Baghdad.   Ahead of the vote, Soleimani warned Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq to withdraw their forces from Kirkuk or face a  fiery  onslaught by Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed fighters, according to Kurdish and Iraqi officials.   The warning prompted Kurdish Peshmerga fighters to withdraw from most areas, and deepened the split between Barzani s power base in Erbil, and the rival Talabani clan in Sulaimaniya, long allied with Iran.  Iraqi politicians have voiced concern about the growing influence of Iran, despite praising Abadi for reining in Kurdish ambitions.   We feel worried seeing the octopus arms stretching deeper in the north,  said Ahmed Asi al-Obeidi, a Sunni tribal sheikh and a member of Kirkuk s tribal council.   We all have seen the problems Iranian meddling has caused in other parts of Iraq, including mainly Sunni areas, and if the same amount of interference is repeated in Kurdish areas, then the worst is coming and instability will prevail.   Addressing his people, demoralized by humiliating territorial defeats, Barzani said on Sunday that he would step down, just one month after the vote he championed in the face of regional and international opposition.   He accused his enemies of committing  high treason  in surrendering Kirkuk to Iraqi forces without a fight, while his rivals have directed the same accusation against him for holding the referendum in the first place.   The vote and its ensuing political and military retribution from Baghdad - backed by Iran and Turkey - demolished the position of relative strength the Kurds had enjoyed for years.   The blame has been placed on Barzani s shoulders, both by his political opponents, notably the rival Talabani clan allied to Iran, and his Western allies, who were angered by his insistence on holding the vote against their advice.   On Sunday, Kurdish lawmakers agreed to divide Barzani s presidential powers between parliament, the judiciary and the government, in the absence of imminent presidential elections and a named successor.   Barzani remains head of the KDP, which dominates parliament and government, and will still sit on the High Political Council, an opaque non-governmental body which emerged after the referendum. He will thus retain his ability to influence policy.    Barzani could therefore mitigate the mounting political chaos. But his position instead highlights the lack of clarity over who is in charge as crucial negotiations with Baghdad get underway over the region s future.   Dominant since he became president in 2005, Barzani has consolidated the power of his office, and boosted his family members  political profiles.   Before the referendum, Barzani s son Masrour was his likely successor, but he has been damaged by his backing for the vote.   Instead, Nechirvan Barzani, Masoud s nephew and the regional prime minister, has moved to the fore. He has gained some of Barzani s newly devolved presidential powers, and maintained ties with the Kurdish opposition, making him a more palatable candidate to mend regional fences. He also enjoys a close relationship with Turkish president Tayyip Erdogan.   On Monday, the United States commended Barzani for stepping down and said it would  actively  engage with Nechirvan, and his deputy, Qubad Talabani, a member of the rival political faction with whom he maintains a good relationship.  Who emerges as the next leader of the Kurdistan Regional Government is anything but straightforward. In addition to an intra-Kurdish compromise, the influence of Baghdad and Iran will have to be considered.   Senior Kurdish officials from both the KDP and PUK say their best bet is to present a united front in negotiations with Baghdad. But that now seems all but impossible.   Iraqi forces, including the Iran-backed Shi ite militias, now control border crossings in the north, vital trade routes for the Kurds. The military capitulation in Kirkuk was a crushing blow to the Kurds, both morally and financially, halving the region s oil export revenue overnight.    Now the Talabanis are facing their own succession crisis, following the death of former president Jalal Talabani.   Iran saw the disintegration of their Kurdish ally in Talabani,  said Mansour, who added Iran needed a clear successor to ensure its continued influence.   Another set of sons and nephews are vying for leadership in the aftermath of the referendum. But the PUK base has expressed more widespread disappointment with how their leadership handled the Kirkuk crisis.   We were betrayed by our leaders in Kirkuk, who stopped us from fighting the (Iraqi Shi ite) militias,  said a PUK-allied Peshmerga commander who asked not to be identified for fear of retribution.  They sold us to Iran for their own benefit.  For a graphic on Iaq's Kurdish zone, click tmsnrt.rs/2yXRWcI ",1
16035,Police arrest Japanese man after body parts found in apartment,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man was arrested on Tuesday after parts of a dismembered body were found in a picnic cooler in his apartment, police said, although media reports said parts of as many as nine bodies may have been discovered. Police made the grisly find in the apartment in Zama, a city just outside Tokyo, after investigating the disappearance of a 23-year-old woman earlier this month. The woman was seen on security camera footage walking with a man near the apartment, media reports said. A police spokesman said Takahiro Shiraishi, 27, was arrested on suspicion of abandoning a body, although it was not clear whose body it was.  Some body parts were found in a picnic cooler, covered with cat litter,  the spokesman said. It was not immediately clear if the suspect had entered a plea or had legal representation.  Kyodo news agency said the unidentified woman posted a message on Twitter saying she was looking for somebody who would die with her. Police declined to comment on media reports about how many bodies were found in the house. Japanese media said there were at least nine - eight women and a man. ",1
16036,Belgium PM says did not invite ousted Catalan leader to Brussels,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Carles Puigdemont, the Catalan president ousted by Spain, did not come to Belgium on invitation of the country s government, Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said on Tuesday, adding that he would be treated as any other EU citizens. Puigdemont held a press conference in Brussels saying he accepted the snap election called by the central government in Madrid but called for judicial guarantees before returning to Spain.  The Belgian government has not taken a single step to encourage Mr. Puigdemont to come to Belgium,  the office of Prime Minister Charles Michel said in a statement.  The Belgian government has repeatedly called for a political dialogue to solve the crisis in Spain, in the framework of national and international order,  it added. ",1
16037,Support for an independent Catalonia rises to three-year high: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - Support for the creation of an independent state of Catalonia rose to an almost 3-year high in October according to an official regional survey published on Tuesday.  Some 48.7 percent of Catalans believe the Spanish region should be independent, according to the poll from Centre d Estudis d Opinio, up from 41.1 pct in June and the highest since December 2014.  The poll was based on 1,338 interviews taken between Oct. 16 and Oct. 29. ",1
16038,"Blast hits Afghan capital Kabul, numerous casualties","KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide bomber in the Afghan capital Kabul killed as many as eight people and wounded many others, most of whom appeared to be workers leaving their offices at the start of the evening rush hour, witnesses and officials said on Tuesday. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack in Wazir Akbar Khan, a heavily fortified area of the city which houses numerous foreign embassies and government buildings. A Reuters television team counted eight people who appeared to have been killed, besides several wounded at the scene, which was shrouded in smoke from the explosion. All the casualties appeared to be Afghan civilians. A public health official said three dead and 15 wounded had been taken to city hospitals but a security official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said at least seven people had been killed and 21 wounded.  The scene of the attack was covered in smoke and dust but I saw seven or eight vehicles loaded with dead and injured people coming out of the area,  said Ali Nazari, the manager of a nearby travel agency. The explosion came at a time of heightened security in Kabul following a series of attacks in October, including one on a Shi ite mosque in the city that killed more than 50 people and a separate attack on an army training facility that killed at least 15 soldiers. Security had already been stepped up considerably following a devastating truck bomb attack outside the German embassy on May 31 that killed at least 150 people, with a series of barriers and checkpoints across the central area of the city. But a Kabul police spokesman said the blast appeared to have been caused by a suicide bomber on foot. The target of the attack was not immediately clear but as well as foreign embassies, the area contains a defense ministry department dealing with foreign relations and several private businesses, including a barber and a travel agency. Afghan and Western security officials have said in recent days that they expected more attacks in Kabul in response to pressure being exerted on the Taliban and other insurgent groups by increased U.S. air strikes. In recent months, the U.S. has stepped up its campaign of air strikes as part of a new strategy aimed at reversing gains made by the Taliban and forcing the insurgents to seek peace talks with the Afghan government. Western officials say the campaign has inflicted significant casualties on Taliban fighters in the provinces but say the battlefield losses may push the insurgents to attack Kabul and other high profile targets.  ",1
16039,Kenya opposition leader proposes 'People's Assembly',"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya opposition leader Raila Odinga said on Tuesday he would use pickets and petitions to protest last week s presidential poll and convene a  People s Assembly  to try to improve governance but made no mention of challenging the result.  We will guard our right to dissent by exercising it,  Odinga said in a long-awaited television address. He emphasized that he wanted to limit his protests to well-recognised, legal avenues. ",1
16040,Blast in Afghan capital causes numerous casualties,"KABUL (Reuters) - A blast in the Afghan capital Kabul on Tuesday caused numerous casualties, Reuters witnesses and Afghan officials said. A Reuters television team saw at least eight people who appeared to have been killed, besides several wounded at the explosion site in the city s Wazir Akbar Khan area. A public health official said three dead bodies and 10 wounded had been taken to city hospitals. ",1
16041,Islamic state claims responsibility for blast in Afghan capital Kabul,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed responsibility for an explosion in Afghan capital Kabul on Tuesday which killed multiple people, the Sunni militant group s Amaq news agency said. The attack was  a (suicide) mission using an explosive vest in the diplomatic Wazir Akbar Khan neighborhood in the city of Kabul,  it said. ",1
16042,Turkish mayor says forced to quit in Erdogan purge of local government," (Refiles October 30th story to add dropped name in third paragraph) ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish mayor announced on Monday he had quit his post and left President Tayyip Erdogan s ruling AK Party after pressure and threats  beyond unbearable , becoming the sixth mayor in recent weeks to fall victim of a purge of local government. Ahmet Edip Ugur, mayor of the northwestern province of Balikesir, became the first mayor to speak out against the purge, declaring at a news conference that democracy in Turkey was broken and at one point breaking into tears.  There is no corruption, no irregularity, no failures on my side...but despite this, there are pressures and threats coming all the way into your home and to your family. This is beyond unbearable,  Ugur said, adding that he had no ties to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Ankara accuses Gulen s network of engineering a failed military coup last year. Gulen denies involvement. Since that attempted putsch, Erdogan has carried out a wideranging purge of Turkish society, from the military and police to the judiciary and academia. More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from jobs. Erdogan says the action is necessary to root out subversive elements loyal to Gulen and to maintian stability in Turkey. Ugur said he was  sorry, hurt, but in peace , before breaking into tears. Ugur s resignation followed those of the high profile Istanbul and Ankara mayors. Melih Gokcek, a staunch Erdogan loyalist who has been mayor of Ankara for 23 years and won five consecutive elections, quit on Saturday.  I leave my post of mayor upon orders from our leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan,  Gokcek said in a televised speech.  This is not because I think I m unsuccessful, tired or for some other reason. I am solely realising the request of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who I believe will make my country a leading nation.  Four other AK mayors have stepped down since September, including Istanbul Mayor Kadir Topbas, on orders from Erdogan, who says he is seeking a renewal of the AK Party he founded and which has governed Turkey since 2002. ",1
16043,EU's Barnier is ready to speed up Brexit negotiations,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, said on Tuesday that he was ready to speed up negotiations with Great Britain.  Barnier said that the agenda and dates for the next round of Brexit talks would be set  in next few hours or days . ",1
16044,Tension rises as Australia starts to dismantle Papua New Guinea detention center,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian private security on Tuesday vacated an asylum seeker detention center in Papua New Guinea (PNG) ahead of its planned closure, detainees said, leaving about 600 refugees and asylum seekers barricaded inside and refusing to move. Detainees are defying attempts by Australia and PNG to close the controversial Manus Island center, saying they fear violent reprisals from the local community if they move to a transit center. Despite threats that water and power supply to the camp would be cut by 5 p.m. (0700 GMT), asylum-seekers told Reuters after the deadline that half the camp still had power at 10.30 p.m. (1230 GMT), along with access to water.  The Manus center has been a key part of Australia s controversial  Sovereign Borders  immigration policy. The country refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them in camps in PNG and Nauru in the South Pacific. Lawyers for some of the 600 men filed a last-minute lawsuit in PNG to prevent the camp s closure and allow the men to be relocated to a third country. A ruling is expected on Wednesday. The detainees were left alone for the first time in more than four years after camp staff all left on Tuesday morning, Sudanese refugee Abdul Aziz told Reuters.  The water and electricity are still on but we are vulnerable now after the staff left us all alone,  Aziz said. The camp s impending closure is part of an Australian government plan to push refugees and asylum seekers to return to their home country, settle in PNG or move elsewhere, so dismantling part of the costly and controversial offshore detention program. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers. Detainees have consistently raised concerns over how they are treated by locals and authorities in PNG, a country that ranks 154th out of 185 on the United Nation s Human Development Index. Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton refused to comment on the departure of the Australian-employed security staff on Manus, but said the camp s closure would proceed.  All have been informed for a considerable period of time that there is safe and secure alternate accommodation where health and other services will be maintained,  Dutton said in an emailed statement. Australia has already said it would spend up to A$250 million ($195 million) to house the men for the next 12 months. Just under 200 men have already been moved.  The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of refugees as part of a refugee swap deal. Asylum seekers said several unidentified local men had arrived at the camp and taken away furniture from common areas. Videos images shot by the refugees and sent to Reuters show vans loaded with furniture departing, though it is not clear where the vehicles were from. Conditions for the refugees were unbearable, said Nick McKim, a senator with the Australian Greens Party who is on Manus.   I can only describe what is happening on Manus now as a humanitarian emergency,  McKim told Reuters.  It is 31 degrees Celsius (88 Fahrenheit) today and drinking water will be cut off.  PNG has sent paramilitary services to oversee the closure.  PNG s High Court ruled last year that the Manus center, first opened in 2001, was illegal. Most of the detainees come from war-torn countries such as Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. Australia s tough offshore detention policies are backed by its two biggest political parties, although community opinion is divided.  I would be absolutely terrified to be in that situation and I cannot understand why the government just simply will not say enough is enough ... we need to bring them here to Australia,  said refugee advocate Dr Barri Phatarfod, who joined in a small protest against refugee policies in Sydney on Tuesday. ",1
16045,German FDP leader presses Greens to compromise on immigration,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Greens need to compromise on immigration policy if talks on forming a new governing coalition are to succeed, the leader of the Free Democrats (FDP) said, putting the chances of a deal at 50-50. Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to form a coalition with the FDP and Greens after her conservatives lost support to the far right in a federal election last month. The three-way alliance is untested at national level.  I still see the biggest differences with the Greens,  FDP leader Christian Lindner said of immigration policy in an interview with the Rheinische Post newspaper.  Germany is at the limit of what the majority are ready to provide in humanitarian aid,  he said, adding that  realism cannot be sacrificed in a readiness for coalition.  The three parties found common ground in areas of social policy and digital infrastructure during talks on Monday, but remained far apart on issues of immigration, fiscal and climate policies that divided them last week. Lindner said the Greens did not represent the majority of Germans on the issue of family reunification - allowing foreigners to join loved ones granted asylum in Germany. That is one of the most contentious issues in the coalition talks. All the parties are eager to show the public they are taking measures to prevent a repeat of 2015, when Merkel s decision to welcome people fleeing wars and persecution led to the largest influx of asylum seekers in the post-war years. But the Greens may not accept a conservative plan to suspend the right to family reunions for asylum seekers who have only been granted so-called subsidiary protection, starting in March 2018. The Greens say that would hamper integration. Those given subsidiary protection are given one-year visas that can be renewed, because it is deemed their home country is not safe. But they do not have full refugee status that would give them the right to stay.  In the first phase, we haven t come close to solutions to conflicts,  Lindner said of the exploratory talks on a  Jamaica  coalition, so called because the parties  colors match those of the Jamaican national flag.  Therefore, I still see the chances for Jamaica at 50-50.  European reform is another area of contention between the three party groups. The FDP welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron s push for European integration and would like more security cooperation, Lindner said, but he resisted closer budget and fiscal ties.  We would like to facilitate investment in the euro area. If there is a lack of money for that, we can talk. But joint liability, common risks - whether for national debt or deposits at our savings banks, cooperative banks or private banks - there is no room for maneuver there for the FDP,  he said. ",1
16046,Seven Rohingya refugees drown as crossing to Bangladesh ends in grief,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Four Rohingya Muslims, a man, woman and two children, drowned when a small wooden fishing boat carrying dozens of refugees fleeing ethnic violence in Myanmar capsized off the Bangladesh coast on Tuesday, police said. Residents of the coastal strip south of the Bangladesh port of Cox s Bazar fished 37 survivors out of the water and 11 have been admitted to hospital in a critical condition, said police officer Mohammad Abul Khair of the area s Ukhiya police station. The boat had keeled over in choppy seas as rain fell. According to survivors they had paid 50,000 kyat ($37) to be taken to Bangladesh, having abandoned their homes in Buthidaung, in the strife-torn north of Myanmar s Rakhine State. In a separate incident at the southernmost tip of the Cox s Bazar district, three Rohingya infants drowned as they slipped from their mothers  clutches when the boat bringing them from Myanmar reached the Bangladesh shore, police official Main Uddin Khan of the region s Teknaf police station told Reuters. The babies, aged between three and 10 months, were lost in the waves pounding the beach. The bodies of two were found on Monday evening, and the third on Tuesday. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to neighbouring Bangladesh since the military in predominantly Buddhist Myanmar launched a counter-insurgency operation after attacks on security posts by Rohingya militants in late August. United Nations officials have described the Myanmar military s action as  ethnic cleansing , an accusation that Myanmar denies. Around 200 Rohingya refugees have drowned since late August, while making the perilous sea and river crossing to the safety of predominantly Muslim Bangladesh.  ",1
16047,"Sacked Catalan leader Puigdemont says accepts snap election, not seeking asylum","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Tuesday said he accepted the snap elections called by Spain s central government in Catalonia and he was not seeking asylum in Belgium at a press conference given in Brussels. Puigdemont said he was not trying to escape from justice after the state prosecutor recommended charges for rebellion and sedition be brought against him. He did not clarify how long he would stay in Belgium, adding he would return to Catalonia when given  guarantees  by the Spanish government.  ",1
16048,"Kremlin: Syria, oil high on Putin's agenda on trip to Iran on Wed","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will discuss the Syria crisis and energy cooperation with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Iran s top authority supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei when he visits Tehran on Wednesday, the Kremlin said on Tuesday.  Syria-related issues will be on the agenda of the Russian-Iranian bilateral talks,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He did not elaborate.    Putin will also hold trilateral talks with Rouhani and lham Aliyev, the president of Azerbaijan, during his working visit to Tehran, Peskov said. ",1
16049,"China, South Korea agree to mend ties after THAAD standoff","SEOUL/BEIJING (Reuters) - Seoul and Beijing on Tuesday agreed to move beyond a year-long stand-off over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, a dispute that has been devastating to South Korean businesses that rely on Chinese consumers. The unexpected detente comes just days before U.S. President Donald Trump begins a trip to Asia, where the North Korean nuclear crisis will take center stage, and helped propel South Korean stocks to a record high. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system had angered China, with South Korea s tourism, cosmetics and entertainment industries bearing the brunt of a Chinese backlash, although Beijing has never specifically linked that to the THAAD deployment. Beijing worries the THAAD system s powerful radar can penetrate into Chinese territory.  Both sides shared the view that the strengthening of exchange and cooperation between Korea and China serves their common interests and agreed to expeditiously bring exchange and cooperation in all areas back on a normal development track,  South Korea s foreign ministry said in a statement. Before the THAAD dispute, bilateral relations flourished,  despite Beijing s historic alliance with North Korea and Seoul s close ties with Washington, which includes hosting 28,500 U.S. troops. China is South Korea s biggest trading partner.  At this critical moment all stakeholders should be working together to address the North Korea nuclear challenge instead of creating problems for others,  said Wang Dong, associate professor of international studies at China s Peking University.  This sends a very positive signal that Beijing and Seoul are determined to improve their relations.  As part of the agreement, South Korean President Moon Jae-in will meet Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries in Vietnam on Nov. 10-11. South Korea recognized China s concerns over THAAD and made it clear the deployment was not aimed at any third country and did not harm China s strategic security interests, China s foreign ministry said. China reiterated its opposition to the deployment of THAAD, but noted South Korea s position and hoped South Korea could appropriately handle the issue, it added.  China s position on the THAAD issue is clear, consistent and has not changed,  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a daily briefing in Beijing. The thaw is a big relief for South Korean tourism and retail firms as well as K-pop stars and makers of films and soap operas, which had found themselves unofficially unwelcome in China over the past year. In South Korea, a halving of inbound Chinese tourists in the first nine months of the year cost the economy $6.5 billion in lost revenue based on the average spending of Chinese visitors in 2016, data from the Korea Tourism Organization shows. The spat knocked about 0.4 percentage points off this year s expected economic growth, according to the Bank of Korea, which now forecasts an expansion of 3 percent. The sprawling Lotte Group, which provided the land where the THAAD battery was installed and is a major operator of hotels and duty free stores, has been hardest hit. It faces a costly overhaul and is expected to sell its Chinese hypermarket stores for a fraction of what it invested. A spokesman for holding company Lotte Corp expressed hope that South Korean firms  activity in China would improve following the announcement. An official at Seoul s presidential Blue House, who declined to be named given the sensitivity of the matter, said improvements for South Korean companies would come slowly. Shares in South Korean tourism and retail companies rallied nonetheless, with Asiana Airlines gaining 3.6 percent and Lotte Shopping up 7.14 percent. The benchmark Kospi index hit a record for a third straight day, gaining 0.9 percent. China has grown increasingly angry with North Korea s ongoing pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of United Nations sanctions, even as it chafes at U.S. pressure to rein in its isolated ally. The recent deterioration in ties between China and North Korea may have contributed to Tuesday s agreement, the Blue House official said. Pyongyang has undertaken an unprecedented missile testing program in recent months, as well as its biggest nuclear test yet in early September, as it seeks to develop a powerful nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States. The head of NATO on Tuesday urged all United Nations members to fully and transparently implement sanctions against North Korea.  North Korea s ballistic and nuclear tests are an affront to the United Nations Security Council,  NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said in Tokyo, where he met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Separately, a South Korean lawmaker said North Korea probably stole South Korean warship blueprints after hacking into a local shipbuilder s database last April. Expectations had been growing for a warming in the frosty bilateral ties following this month s conclave of China s Communist Party, during which Xi cemented his status as China s most powerful leader after Mao Zedong. Earlier this month, South Korea and China agreed to renew a $56 billion currency swap agreement, while Chinese airlines are reportedly planning to restore flight routes to South Korea that had been cut during the spat. Tuesday s agreement came after high-level talks led by Nam Gwan-pyo, deputy director of national security of the Blue House, and Kong Xuanyou, assistant foreign minister of China and the country s special envoy for North Korea-related matters. ",1
16050,Beijing seen poised for fresh South China Sea assertiveness,"HONG KONG/BEIJING (Reuters) - China has quietly undertaken more construction and reclamation in the South China Sea, recent satellite images show, and is likely to more powerfully reassert its claims over the waterway soon, regional diplomats and military officers say. With global attention focused on North Korea and Beijing engrossed in its Party Congress, tensions in the South China Sea have slipped from the headlines in recent months.     But with none of the underlying disputes resolved and new images reviewed by Reuters showing China continuing to develop facilities on North and Tree islands in the contested Paracel islands, experts say the vital trade route remains a global flashpoint.          Some expect China to land its first deployments of jet fighters onto its runways in the Spratly islands in coming months, while regional military officers say it is already using the new facilities to expand naval and coast guard deployments deep into Southeast Asia.  They ve built these extensive facilities and both Chinese civilian and PLA experts have always made it clear that when the strategic time is right, they re going to start using them more fully,  said Bonnie Glaser, a China security expert at Washington s Center for Strategic and International Studies.  I think it is a question of when, rather than if, China will start to assert its interests more forcefully in the South China Sea ... and that is likely to be at a time of China s choosing,  Glaser told Reuters. Rival claimant Vietnam, meanwhile, is nearing completion of reclamations and an extended runway on its base on Spratly Island, the satellite images show. The build-up of the Spratlys symbolizes China s growing assertiveness over the South China Sea during President Xi Jinping s first term and was highlighted in his address to the Communist Party Congress this month.  Construction on islands and reefs in the South China Sea has seen steady progress,  Xi told the Congress. The issue is likely to come up during U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to Asia, which begins this week.  We remain concerned about tensions in the South China Sea, in particular those caused by land reclamation and militarization of disputed outposts and the willingness of some to resort to coercive tactics to assert their claims,  said Michael Cavey, a spokesman for the U.S. State Department.  We have consistently called on China, as well as other claimants, to refrain from any further land reclamation, construction of new facilities, and militarization of the disputed features.    Responding to Reuters  questions, Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang reiterated the islands were irrefutably Chinese territory.  You can t say that the construction on our islands and reefs in the South China Sea and the building of necessary defensive facilities is an expansion of military deployments,  he said.  We believe that at present the situation in the South China Sea is generally good, and all relevant parties should work hard together to protect the peace and stability of the South China Sea.  China s ambassador to Washington, Cui Tiankai, said on Monday the United States should not try to  interfere  in regional efforts to resolve disputes in the South China Sea.    For a graphic on Spratly Islands, click here China has been seeking to soothe fellow claimant the Philippines and accelerating talks with the wider ASEAN grouping, amid concerns in Washington about the long-term security of the waterway through which some $3 trillion in trade a year passes. In a speech in Singapore earlier this month, the most senior U.S. military chief in the region said even while Washington pushed Beijing for help on North Korea, it would still hold China accountable for actions that countered international rules and norms.  We also want Beijing to do more to stop provocative actions in the East China Sea and the South China Sea, where the Chinese are building up combat power and positional advantage in an attempt to assert de-facto sovereignty over disputed maritime features,  Admiral Harry Harris, commander of the U.S. Pacific Command, said. China claims much of the area through its controversial nine-dash line, which overlaps rival maritime claims by Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei. A recent study by the U.S. government-linked RAND Corp weighing the risks of a conflict between the United States and China moved the South China Sea up its list of potential flashpoints. Placing it above Taiwan but below the Korean peninsula, the  study notes the waterway has  become the unanticipated focal point of U.S.-Chinese ... rivalry . While the Pentagon has embarked on more regular freedom-of-navigation patrols, or FONOPS, to challenge Beijing s claims, some analysts believe Washington is struggling to counter China s creeping domination of the area.  China appears to be pursuing a well-thought out and long-term strategy to achieve dominion over the South China Sea while America responds with ad hoc tactical maneuvers,  said Ian Storey, a South China Sea expert at Singapore s Yusof Ishak Institute.  FONOPS are tactics not strategy, and they have not made China rethink its plans for the South China Sea one iota.  Ni Lexiong, a naval expert at the Shanghai University of Political Science and Law, said there was little need for China to dramatically increase deployments now, but much depended on the actions others.  As long as others don t intentionally go and provoke clashes, things will be fine,  he added.  The issue is that some countries, like the United States, go and stir things up.  ",1
16051,Sri Lanka says keen for early conclusion of China trade deal,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Sri Lanka is keen to reach agreement soon on a free trade deal with China, its foreign minister said on Tuesday, describing Beijing as a close friend and ally, despite strong local opposition to some major Chinese-invested schemes. In July, Sri Lanka signed a long-delayed $1.1 billion deal to lease its southern Hambantota port to China, ignoring an appeal by opposition parties to debate the pact in parliament. The $1.5-billion port, close to the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a key role in China s  Belt and Road  initiative, has been mired in controversy since a Chinese firm agreed to take an 80 percent stake in it. The pact signed last year sparked widespread public anger, as Chinese control of the port, which included a plan for a 99-year lease of 15,000 acres (23 sq miles) to develop an adjacent industrial zone, provoked fears it could be used by Chinese naval vessels. Sri Lanka Foreign Minister Tilak Marapana told a reception in Beijing to mark the 60th anniversary of establishing diplomatic ties that the two countries  friendship went back centuries.  Sri Lanka is very keen to reach an early conclusion to the free trade agreement with China in the near future that would expand more trade avenues for both countries,  Marapana said.  China has been a reliable and important partner in our drive towards economic development and Sri Lanka is appreciative of the country s commitment and assistance,  he added, without mentioning any specific projects. As one of the first countries to help in Sri Lanka s post-war reconstruction after the 2009 end of its 26-year civil war, China s ties with Sri Lanka have unnerved India, traditionally the island nation s most important partner.     By 2014, Chinese navy submarines were also docking in Colombo, raising alarm in New Delhi and prompting a push by the administration of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to claw back influence in the region.  Sri Lanka is deeply appreciative of China for being a true and trusted friend and ally during our times of need,  Marapana said. ",1
16052,Spain's Constitutional Court cancels Catalonia declaration of independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Constitutional Court has blocked Catalonia s declaration of independence made by the regional parliament on Friday, a court spokeswoman said on Tuesday.  Hours after Catalonia s parliament voted on a unilateral declaration of independence, the Spanish government dissolved the parliament, fired the government and set a date for regional elections Dec. 21. ",1
16053,"Xi, top China party officials, make symbolic visit to Shanghai","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Days after taking over as China s leader in 2012, Xi Jinping led other top Communist Party officials to Beijing s National Museum to visit an exhibit on party history entitled  The Road to Rejuvenation . The museum trip telegraphed what would become  one of Xi s overarching policy priorities in the next five years. On Tuesday, less than a week after being anointed for a second term as party chief at a twice-a-decade party congress, Xi and the other men at the pinnacle of the party made a rare joint visit to China s financial capital, Shanghai, where they paid homage to the party s birthplace and founding fathers. Official photos showed the men at the site of the first party congress in 1921, gazing solemnly at a relief sculpture of the party s original leaders and standing around a wooden meeting table.  This is an important symbolic gesture,  said Willy Wo-Lap Lam, an adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.  It s a reinstatement of the commitment of the party in this so-called  new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics  that they would stick to original values of the founding fathers. That means definitely no move away from orthodox Marxism, orthodox Maoism. No taking up of Western values.  The visit brought parts of the city of 25 million people to a standstill as police blocked roads and highways around the Xintiandi area, home to the modest grey brick building that hosted the first congress. State television showed Xi leading the six other Politburo Standing Committee members, fists raised, in a symbolic retaking of the Communist Party oath. The men then travelled to Jiaxing, in eastern Zhejiang province, visiting a replica of the  Red Boat  on the South Lake - another historic site of the Communist Party s founding.  The Communist Party was born here,  state television showed Xi saying.  These are the roots of the party.  At the congress that ended last week - the party s 19th - Xi consolidated his grip as China s strongest leader in decades, promoting allies and getting his name and signature political platform enshrined in the party charter. Xi is not the first general secretary of the party to try to send a message with a well-publicised trip early in his tenure. Hu Jintao, his predecessor, sought to cultivate a  man of the people  image starting with a visit one month after becoming party chief in 2002 to the town of Xibaipo, a one-time revolutionary base. In December 2012, a month after Xi became party chief, he made a low-key but widely watched trip to Shenzhen, the southern city was where late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping jumpstarted economic reforms in the early 1990s. The visit to Shanghai on Tuesday may also send another message, Lam said. The city had been synonymous with the political patronage network of 91-year-old former president Jiang Zemin, who attended the congress.  At the weekend, Xi promoted ally Li Qiang to the role of Shanghai party chief, the city s top job. Li is not from the city, nor has he built his career there.  In January another Xi man from elsewhere, Ying Yong, was appointed mayor. Traditionally, the city s party chief or mayor, or both, have hailed from Shanghai or worked up the ranks there. Having two outsiders is a break with the past.  It shows indirectly that the Shanghai faction under Jiang Zemin has ceased to be a force to be reckoned with,  Lam said.  Now, it s Xi Jinping bringing his own people.  ",1
16054,Spain's Supreme Court begins rebellion proceedings against Catalan lawmakers,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Supreme court has begun processing rebellion charges raised against Catalonia s parliament speaker Carme Forcadell as well as other senior lawmakers from the region, a court spokesman said on Tuesday. Spain s state prosecutor on Monday called for rebellion and sedition charges to be brought against Catalan leaders over their push to separate from Spain. ",1
16055,Spanish prosecutor accuses sacked Catalan leader of rebellion,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor accused sacked Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Monday of rebellion and sedition as the former regional president traveled to Belgium with other members of his ousted administration and hired a lawyer there. As Madrid began direct rule of Catalonia, Attorney General Jose Manuel Maza called for charges of rebellion, sedition, fraud and misuse of funds to be brought against Catalan leaders who organized an illegal referendum on independence from Spain. The Oct. 1 vote in the prosperous region with its own language and culture has triggered Spain s biggest crisis in decades. On Friday, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy dismissed Catalonia s secessionist government, called a regional election for Dec. 21 and said the central government would take direct control. That process began smoothly on Monday as employees ignored calls for civil disobedience and turned up for work, while secessionist parties agreed to stand in the December poll.  A senior Spanish government official said on Monday that Puigdemont had traveled to Belgium. He drove to the French city of Marseilles to catch a flight to Belgium with five other members of his sacked administration, Spanish media reported. Belgian lawyer Paul Bekaert, whose website says he is involved in a human rights organization, said he had taken on Puigdemont as a client but would not confirm whether he was working with him on a political asylum claim.  I can confirm Carles Puigdemont has appointed me as his legal representative, as he is currently in Belgium,  Bekaert told Reuters.  At the moment there are no specific dossiers I am preparing for him.  Bekaert told Belgian broadcaster VTM that Puigdemont had not fled Catalonia, was not hiding and would make a public appearance in Brussels on Tuesday.  After what he described as an hour-long meeting in his office in western Belgium, the lawyer - who quoted his experience with asylum and extradition cases, as well as with Spain - said his client was in high spirits, driven by  strong support among his backers in Catalonia .  Some of the most prominent ousted Catalan leaders, including Puigdemont and Vice President Oriol Junqueras, had said they would not accept their dismissal.  But their respective parties, PdeCat and Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya, said on Monday they would take part in the election called by Rajoy, a tacit acceptance of direct rule from Madrid. The regional parliament canceled a meeting for Tuesday, another signal lawmakers accepted they had been dismissed. A call for widespread civil disobedience from the main civic groups behind the secessionist campaign failed to attract many followers. Public-sector workers such as teachers, firefighters and the police mostly started work as normal on Monday and there was no sign of widespread absenteeism. A trade union, Intersindical-CSC, which had called for a general strike in Catalonia, said on Monday it had canceled it. Other regional leaders did not turn up to their offices, although some of their staff did.  One of 140 senior officials appointed directly by the outgoing government described the situation as  normal  and said he had not yet received any letter of dismissal.  We civil servants want everything to be normal. Things have to carry on. The day-to-day work still has to be done,  he said. Some 200,000 public-sector workers receive salaries paid by the Catalan region, and 100,000 others in the region rely directly on the Madrid government. Hundreds of thousands of supporters of a unified Spain marched on Sunday in one of the biggest shows of force yet by the so-called silent majority that has watched as regional political leaders push for Catalan independence. Two opinion polls showed support for independence may have started to wane. A Sigma Dos survey published in El Mundo showed 33.5 percent of Catalans were in favor of independence, while a Metroscopia poll published by El Pais put that number at 29 percent. That compared with 41.1 percent in July, according to an official survey carried out by the Catalan government. Opponents of secession largely boycotted the Oct. 1 referendum, when participants voted overwhelmingly for independence on a turnout of 43 percent. Spain s interior ministry named a new chief for the regional police on Saturday, who has insisted that the 17,000 officers of the force should remain neutral. The force has already withdrawn protection for dismissed regional government members, who were also left without their official cars. Their portraits were removed from the walls of public buildings. The government s move to impose direct rule received the backing of several influential Catalan business lobbies, which called on firms to stay in the region. The chaos has prompted an exodus of businesses from Catalonia, which contributes about a fifth of Spain s economy, the euro zone s fourth-largest. Credit ratings agency Fitch said on Monday the escalation of tensions in Catalonia significantly worsened the outlook for Spain s economic growth and could prompt negative action on the country s rating. ",1
16056,Tunnel collapse may have killed 200 after North Korea nuclear test: Japanese broadcaster,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A tunnel at North Korea s nuclear test site collapsed after Pyongyang s sixth atomic test in September, possibly killing more than 200 people, Japanese broadcaster TV Asahi said on Tuesday, citing unnamed sources familiar with the situation. Reuters has not been able to verify the report. About 100 workers at the Punggye-ri nuclear site were affected by the initial collapse, which took place around Sept. 10, the broadcaster said. A second collapse during a rescue operation meant it was possible the death toll could have exceeded 200, it added. Experts have said a series of tremors and landslides near the nuclear test base probably mean the country s sixth and largest blast on Sept. 3 has destabilized the region, and the Punggye-ri nuclear site may not be used for much longer to test nuclear weapons. ",1
16057,MSF says closing most cholera centers in Yemen as epidemic wanes,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) is closing most of its 37 cholera treatment centers in Yemen, saying the epidemic appears to have peaked. Some 884,368 suspected cholera cases have been recorded in the war-torn country in the past six months, including 2,184 deaths, according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization (WHO). The case fatality rate is now 0.25 percent.  The number of cholera cases reported in MSF treatment centers has significantly decreased since the peak of the outbreak. As a result, the medical organization is closing the majority of its cholera treatment centers or reducing their capacity,  MSF said in a statement late on Monday. Some 567 new patients sought treatment for suspected cholera at MSF s centers in nine governorates of Yemen during the second week of October, down from 11,139 at the peak in the third week in June, it said.   Only 9 percent of patients admitted by MSF last week needed to be hospitalized and a limited number of patients have symptoms that correspond with the cholera case definition (acute watery diarrhea with or without vomiting),  it said.  The remaining cases are believed to be due to other pathogens.  Ghassan Abou Chaar, MSF head of mission in Yemen, said:  The cholera outbreak is not over but it is no longer our medical priority in Yemen. However, this should not eclipse the dire health situation of millions of Yemenis who are unable to access basic primary healthcare.  Civil war in Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people since it began in March 2015. Yemen s war pits the armed Houthi movement that controls the capital against the internationally-recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, which is backed by a Saudi-led coalition that has launched thousands of air strikes to restore him to power. Cholera epidemics usually subside once the disease passes through a population, but aid agencies say the Yemen epidemic lasted longer and spread wider than they initially expected because of the war s toll on health care. U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock said on Sunday that an aid effort by the World Health Organization, United Nations Children s Fund UNICEF, the International Committee for the Red Cross (ICRC) and other agencies had managed to  largely contain the devastating cholera epidemic , but warned it could flare up again without urgent investment in health, water and sanitation. ICRC said last month that the humanitarian situation in Yemen is a  catastrophe , and cholera cases could reach a million by the end of the year. Alexandre Faite, head of the ICRC delegation in Yemen, said at the time that the  health sector is really on its knees in Yemen ... the health staff is on its knees as well because they are not paid.   Preventable illnesses and deaths are increasing in Yemen, and this can be partly attributed to the salary crisis,  MSF said, noting that doctors, nurses and other public health workers had not been paid in 13 months. ",1
16058,Serbia's president eyes early parliamentary vote,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic is considering calling the third snap parliamentary elections since 2014 to further cement his Progressive Party s (SNS) grip on power, he said late on Monday. Vucic, a ultranationalist firebrand during the Yugoslav wars of 1990s who a decade later has become committed to joining the European Union, said  people in the SNS are overwhelmingly for elections.   The party is considering holding the parliamentary vote alongside local elections due to take place in the capital Belgrade early next year.   There are serious arguments (in favor),  Vucic said in a live interview with Belgrade-based Pink TV.  To avoid splitting elections and to prepare the country for European Union entry ... as new elections would offer us an uninterrupted time until 2022.  He did not say when the vote would take place.      An alliance led by Vucic s SNS won a comfortable majority of 131 deputies in the 250-seat parliament in 2016 and further consolidated power through a coalition with the Socialists that were led by late strongman Slobodan Milosevic during the Balkan wars of the 1990s. Vucic won in a landslide in a presidential election in April, handing his post of prime minister to hand-picked technocrat Ana Brnabic.  But his rule is facing discontent from public sector employees and pensioners over austerity measures imposed under a three-year 1.2 billion euro ($1.4 billion) IMF loan deal that has stifled spending and growth.  Although it enjoys backing in rural Serbia, Vucic s party is less popular in Belgrade which accounts for almost a quarter of total electorate in the 7.2 million-strong Serbia.  Serbia which wants to join the EU by 2025, must first seek to reconcile its pro-Western integration bid with keeping close ties with Russia, its traditional Slavic and Orthodox Christian ally.   It must also normalize ties with Kosovo, the predominantly ethnic Albanian former southern province, which declared independence from Serbia in 2008.  ",1
16059,Spain's cabinet to hold special meeting at 1700 GMT,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s cabinet will hold a special meeting at 6 p.m. (1700 GMT), the government said on Tuesday without giving any further details. ",1
16060,Turkey PM confirms Iraqi government in control of main land border,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iraq s central government has taken over control of the main land crossing into Turkey from the autonomous Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Tuesday. Yildirim also said that Turkey had agreed to open another border gate with Iraq, as part of a route that would lead to the city of Tal Afar, some 40 kilometres west of Mosul and home to a predominantly ethnic Turkmen population.  Habur border gate has been handed over to the central government as of this morning,  Yildirim told members of his ruling AK Party in parliament.  The current route, heading down to Kirkuk will continue. We will start to put into action another border gate through Tal Afar in the short term, in agreement with the Iraqi government.  ",1
16061,France's Macron accepts invite to visit Russia: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron has accepted an invitation to visit Russia and may fly in next year for an economic forum, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday, the RIA news agency reported. RIA cited Lavrov as saying Macron might attend the annual St Petersburg International Economic Forum. ",1
16062,Philippine military kills escaping Islamist militant in Marawi,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine troops on Tuesday killed a pro-Islamic State gunman in the southern city of Marawi, a military official said, eight days after the government declared the end of hostilities. Soldiers have focused on securing Marawi against surviving militant fighters since ending five months of operations against Islamic State-inspired militants who seized control of parts of the city in May, in a bid to win a foothold in the region. The conflict displaced about 350,000 residents and killed more than 1,100 people, mostly militants, stirring concern that the southern Philippines is becoming Islamic State s hub in  Southeast Asia.     The military engaged in a gunfight with one of the suspected remaining gunmen in the main battle area, after foiling his bid to escape, army spokesman Colonel Romeo Brawner said.  We still have to put in troops, because there s a possibility for stragglers,  Brawner told a news conference in Marawi.  In the main battle area, there are many possible hiding spots.  Indonesians, Malaysians and Middle Easterners were among the fighters who flocked to Marawi to support the Islamic State s emirate in Southeast Asia. Thousands of Marawi residents have started returning home, only for some to find dwellings ransacked. Brawner said an army official and five more personnel were detained in barracks after being charged with looting. The main battle area in downtown Marawi remains off limits, pending the removal of booby traps and unexploded ordnance. ",1
16063,U.N. picks Norwegian for Myanmar role as tensions simmer over Rohingya crisis,"YANGON (Reuters) - The United Nations named a new interim U.N. resident coordinator for Myanmar on Tuesday, appointing Knut Ostby of Norway to take over the humanitarian role at a time of growing strains with the Myanmar government over the handling of the Rohingya crisis. The appointment of a temporary placeholder was expected after Myanmar blocked an upgrade of the U.N. country chief position. Myanmar s de facto leader, Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, has told diplomats in private meetings that she is frustrated with the United Nations, particularly its human rights arm. Ostby, who has served with the United Nations in a number of hotspots, including Afghanistan and East Timor, will replace Renata Lok-Dessallien, who has completed her term. Some 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh after ethnic violence erupted in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state in late August. Rights monitors and Rohingya refugees say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have forced them to flee their homes. U.N. investigators interviewing Rohingyas living in refugee camps near Cox s Bazar said on Friday they had gathered testimony pointing to a  consistent, methodical pattern  of killings, torture, rape and arson. The fact-finding team, led by former Indonesian attorney general Marzuki Darusman, said the death toll from the Myanmar army s crackdown following Rohingya insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 was unknown, but  may turn out to be extremely high . The U.N. team, which was established by the U.N. Human Rights Council in March, renewed its appeal for access to Rakhine state and for talks with the Myanmar government and military to  establish the facts . In the early stages of the crisis, the United Nations described the military campaign as  ethnic cleansing , an accusation rejected by Myanmar, which says its military was engaged in counter-insurgency operations against Rohingya militants behind a series of attacks on security posts. Suu Kyi has said the refugees can return, but thousands  continue to arrive in Bangladesh. Myanmar, an overwhelmingly Buddhist country with small Christian and Muslim minorities, is struggling to emerge from decades of military rule, and Suu Kyi s democratically elected government is engaged in a peace dialogue with members of various armed ethnic groups. ",1
16064,Turkey's Erdogan takes legal action after lawmaker calls him 'fascist dictator',"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan filed a criminal complaint against a prominent opposition lawmaker on Tuesday, one of Erdogan s lawyers said, after the deputy called the Turkish leader a fascist dictator. In blistering criticism of Erdogan, the spokesman for the main opposition Republican People s Party, Bulent Tezcan, attacked what he said was a  fearful atmosphere  in Turkey. Erdogan s lawyer, Huseyin Aydin, said on Twitter:  We have filed a legal petition concerning Bulent Tezcan with the Ankara chief prosecutor s office for the crime of insulting the president.  Aydin also posted photos of the petition.  The suspect s statements are part of a new campaign against our president and cannot be interpreted as an isolated incident,  the petition said, saying such a campaign had also been launched ahead of last year s attempted coup. In a speech on Monday in the western city of Tekirdag, criticizing local judicial authorities, Tezcan had said:  If you try to scare people and to create a fearful atmosphere by showing legal words as illegal ones we will not be deterred.  His comments appeared to be in defense of the local mayor, a CHP member, who was questioned by authorities this month after he reportedly called Erdogan a  dictator  at a party congress.  I don t know if our mayor said that or not. I, here in Tekirdag, say it now:  Erdogan is a fascist dictator ,  Tezcan said. His comments prompted a swift backlash from Erdogan s office and lawmakers from his ruling AK Party, with Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin saying his  hate speech is an example of disgrace for the main opposition . Insulting the president is a crime punishable by up to four years in prison in Turkey. Lawyers for Erdogan, who has dominated Turkish politics for more than a decade, have filed more than 1,800 cases against people including cartoonists, a former Miss Turkey winner and school children on accusations of insulting him. Following the failed coup of July 15 last year, Erdogan said he would drop outstanding suits, in a one-off gesture. Nonetheless, rights groups and some Western governments have voiced concern that Turkey is sliding toward authoritarianism. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs and more than 50,000 jailed pending trial on suspicion of links to the failed coup. Erdogan says such measures are necessary to ensure stability and defend Turkey from multiple security threats. ",1
16065,China says position on THAAD system in South Korea has not changed,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s foreign ministry said on Tuesday that China s position on the deployment in South Korea of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system is consistent and has not changed. China has repeatedly opposed the deployment, but earlier on Tuesday Beijing and Seoul agreed to work swiftly to get relations back on track following a year-long standoff over THAAD. ",1
16066,"China considers three-year jail terms for disrespecting national anthem, flag","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s largely rubber-stamp parliament is considering jail terms of up to three years for people who disrespect the national anthem or flag in public, while an existing anthem law will be applied in Hong Kong, state media said on Tuesday. Xi Jinping has ushered in new legislation aimed at securing China from threats both within and outside its borders since taking over as president in 2013, as well as presiding over a sweeping crackdown on dissent and free speech. China passed a new law in September mandating up to 15 days in police detention for those who mock the  March of the Volunteers  national anthem, a law that also covers the Chinese territories of Hong Kong and Macau. Parliament is now looking at whether to amend China s Criminal Law to include criminal penalties for disrespect of the national anthem, including intentionally distorting the lyrics or tune, Xinhua said. The tougher penalties also apply to desecration of the national flag, or emblem, including burning, defacing or trampling on it in public, the report said. That, too, had previously been punishable by up to 15 days  detention. A draft amendment has been submitted for deliberation at a bi-monthly session of parliament s standing committee, which started on Monday.  Violators in this regard may face punishments of up to three years of imprisonment, according to the draft,  it said. It was not clear when the amendment might be passed but it could be at the end of the week, when parliament s standing committee closes its current session. The National Anthem Law, which went into effect on Oct. 1, will also be included in an annex of Hong Kong s Basic Law, or mini constitution, Xinhua added, though it s not clear if that will include three-year jail terms.    The national anthem law has fueled concern in Hong Kong, whose residents have grown nervous over China s perceived encroachment of the city s autonomy following such events as the disappearance of booksellers who later emerged in mainland Chinese custody. In 2015, Hong Kong football fans booed the Chinese anthem during a World Cup qualifier, prompting a fine for the territory s football association from world body FIFA.  In recent years, incidents of disrespecting the national anthem had occurred in Hong Kong, challenging the bottom line of the principle of  one country, two systems  and social morality and triggering rage among Chinese including most Hong Kong residents,  said Zhang Rongshun, deputy head of parliament s Legislative Affairs Commission, according to Xinhua.  It is urgent and important to apply the national anthem law in Hong Kong, in a bid to prevent and handle such offences.  The Asian Football Confederation on Tuesday warned the Hong Kong Football Association about their fans  behavior at a match against Malaysia on Oct 10. in Hong Kong, where some booed the national anthem.    ",1
16067,Indonesian police kill two 'terrorists' on eastern island,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian counter-terrorism police killed two militants suspected of having links with a pro-Islamic State network in a shootout on the eastern island of Sumbawa, officials said on Tuesday. Authorities in the country with the world s largest Muslim population are trying to stamp out the spread of radical Islamist ideologies. Its elite counter-terrorism unit, Detachment 88 or  Densus 88 , has notched a string of recent successes against Jemaah Ansharut Daulah (JAD) network, a loose organization of radicals loyal to Islamic State. The two militants killed on Sumbawa were suspected members of JAD.  Police said the shootout occurred when counter-terrorism forces ran into a group of four militants while conducting a surveillance operation in a mountainous area near the city of Bima. The two other militants managed to escape.  They had several weapons, different caliber bullets and survival gear,  said national police spokesman Setyo Wasisto. Militants have been traveling between Bima and Poso, on Sulawesi island.  Counter-terrorism operations have decimated the militant group on Sulawesi, and police said there were signs that the militants were turning their attention to Bima.  There is a strong link between the radical group in Poso and Bima. People have been going back and forth and people have received orders to carry out actions in Bima,  Wasisto said. Last week police said eight men were arrested in Riau province, on the central eastern coast of Sumatra, and one man in South Sulawesi province - all of them were suspected of having links to JAD. ",1
16068,Thailand's political activity ban stays for now: PM,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s military government on Tuesday said it will not yet lift a ban on political activity, despite a general election scheduled for next year and growing pressure from political parties to lift it. The ban on political party gatherings has been in place since the military seized power in a 2014 coup but there have been growing calls from all political groups to end the ban. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha cited persistent political divisions and mud-slinging as reasons why the ban should stay.  We will not lift the ban today but don t be frustrated,  Prayuth told reporters after a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday.  Today we are still speaking evil. You must stop this so that everyone is at ease,  Prayuth said, urging all sides to put aside their differences. Earlier this month, Prayuth said Thailand would hold a general election in November 2018 - the news was largely welcomed by investors in Southeast Asia s second-biggest economy. There has been little opposition to junta rule since 2014, partly because authorities have arrested and jailed dozens of critics. The government had said that parties needed to wait until after the funeral of Thailand s late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who was cremated last week, for a decision on when normal political life will resume. Tensions have been festering in Thailand since 2006 when a coup removed then-Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Since then, the country has witnessed bouts of unrest including deadly street protests. Thailand is divided broadly between those who align themselves with Thaksin and his sister, former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, whose government was removed in the 2014 coup, and the elite in the capital Bangkok. Thaksin is credited by some as being the first Thai prime minister to tap into the potential of the rural electorate. But he made many enemies among the elite who accuse him of corruption - which he denies. Both Thaksin and Yingluck live abroad. Yingluck fled Thailand in August ahead of a verdict against her in a negligence trial for which she was later found guilty and sentenced to five years in prison. Thaksin fled to avoid a 2008 jail corruption sentence. Politicians from major parties were upset about the decision not to lift the political activity ban on Tuesday.  I want the junta to show some sincerity about the election by lifting the ban,  Sunisa Lertpakawat, a member of Thaksin s Puea Thai Party, told Reuters.  We haven t got much time.  ",1
16069,"North Korea hacked Daewoo Shipbuilding, took warship blueprints: South Korea lawmaker"," SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea probably stole South Korean warship blueprints after hacking into Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co Ltd s (042660.KS) database in April last year, a South Korean opposition lawmaker said on Tuesday.  North Korea has often been implicated in cyber attacks in South Korea and elsewhere but Pyongyang has either ignored or denied accusations of hacking.   We are almost 100 percent certain that North Korean hackers were behind the hacking and stole the company s sensitive documents,  Kyung Dae-soo of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party told Reuters by telephone.  Daewoo Shipbuilding has built several South Korean warships, including an Aegis-class vessel and submarines. It was most likely North Korea had obtained blueprints for these, he said.  The hacking was discovered by a division under South Korea s Ministry of Defence in charge of investigating cases of cybercrime, said Kyung, who received a briefing on the investigation.  How sensitive and classified the seized documents were was not known as that was not disclosed by the investigative team, he added.  A spokeswoman for Daewoo Shipbuilding said she was unaware of the issue until early Tuesday and the company was in the process of confirming the details of Kyung s remarks.  The investigative team came to the conclusion North Korea had hacked Daewoo Shipbuilding because the hacking method was very similar to other attacks that North Korea was thought to be behind, Kyung said.  Hackers in North Korea are believed to have been responsible for a recent cyber heist in Taiwan - the latest in a string of hacks targeting the global SWIFT messaging system.  Earlier this month, another South Korean lawmaker had said North Korean hackers had stolen a large number of classified military documents, including South Korea-U.S. wartime operational plans.  And British authorities said last week they believed North Korea was behind the  WannaCry  ransomware attack in May that disrupted businesses and government services worldwide, including the National Health Service in England.  ",1
16070,New Zealand PM says ban on foreign home buyers to start early 2018,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday a ban on foreigners buying existing homes would begin in early 2018, but the restrictions would not apply to Australians. Ardern campaigned in the recent New Zealand election to restrict foreign buyers to reduce demand, while the country tackles what her Labour party says is a housing crisis left unresolved by the previous National administration.  We are determined to make it easier for Kiwis to buy their first home so we are stopping foreign speculators buying houses and driving up prices. Kiwis should not be outbid like this,  said Ardern in an emailed statement, using the colloquial term for New Zealanders. The politically sensitive housing crunch has seen prices rise more than 50 percent nationally in the last decade. In the city of Auckland, prices have almost doubled in that period. The central bank sees fast-rising prices as a major economic risk. The ban would not apply to Australians, Ardern said, given New Zealanders are exempt from home ownership restrictions in  neighboring Australia, where many New Zealanders live. Ardern told reporters that legislation would be introduced in parliament by Dec. 25. The restrictions were being fast-tracked so that Labour would not have to renegotiate foreign investment provisions in the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) deal, after a long series of talks to revive the agreement since the United States pulled out in January.  The TPP currently requires its 11 member states to give foreign investors equal treatment to locals unless there are specific exemptions. New Zealand had no such grounds for an outright ban on overseas investment in housing, but its Overseas Investment Act is exempted from the trade deal.  By adding housing to that legislation, Labour will be able to go ahead with the ban without having to request any changes to the TPP when ministers meet on the sidelines of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Vietnam next week to finalize the agreement. Ardern said that New Zealand would instead focus on renegotiating rules allowing investors to sue member countries included in the TPP, though she acknowledged it would be difficult to get large changes so late in negotiations. Some government figures show the number of home sales including foreigners is only around 3 percent, though Labour has criticized that data and says it excludes many types of owners, including those who purchase property through trusts.   It is very important that we preserve these rights for New Zealand,  Trade Minister David Parker told reporters. ",1
16071,NATO chief urges full implementation of North Korean sanctions to counter global threat,"TOKYO (Reuters) - NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg urged all United Nation members on Tuesday to fully and transparently implement sanctions against North Korea, which he said has emerged as a global threat able to fire ballistic missiles as far as Europe and North America.  North Korea s ballistic and nuclear tests are an affront to the United Nations Security Council,  North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said in a joint announcement in Tokyo, where he met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  They pose a global threat which requires a global response,  Stoltenberg said. Pyongyang has undertaken an unprecedented missile testing program in recent months, as well as its biggest nuclear test yet in early September. Stoltenberg s trip to Tokyo comes ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s first official visit to Asia, which starts in Japan on Sunday. Talks about North Korea are expected to dominate a trip that will include a stop in Beijing, where Trump is expected to pressure China s leadership to act more decisively against Pyongyang. China is North Korea s major ally and trading partner.  Rather than dialogue it is necessary to cause North Korea to change policies by raising the pressure to the maximum,  Abe said in a joint announcement with Stoltenberg. Trump has warned North Korea it would be totally destroyed if it threatened the United States with ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons. North Korea stoked tensions last week when it reiterated a threat to conduct an atmospheric nuclear test over the Pacific Ocean in a demonstration of its nuclear capability. ",1
16072,Japan to launch crackdown on asylum seekers: Yomiuri,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will curb asylum seekers  rights to work and detain any not deemed refugees or who have made multiple applications, the Yomiuri daily reported on Tuesday, in a move to further tighten one of the developed world s toughest refugee systems. From as early as mid-November, Japan will only allow those it regards as bona fide refugees the right to work. The Justice Ministry estimates that the new rule will effectively deny the right to work for more than 10,000 asylum seekers a year who don t qualify for refugee status, the Yomiuri said, without citing sources.Others, including those who fail to qualify as refugees in initial checks and multiple asylum applicants, will be held in detention centers after their permission to stay in Japan expires, the report said. At present, asylum seekers with valid visas receive renewable permits allowing them to work in Japan while their refugee applications are reviewed - a system the government says encourages people to seek asylum in order to work.  We are looking at policies, including that in the (Yomiuri) article. We haven t decided whether to put it into action,  said Yasuhiro Hishida, a Justice Ministry official overseeing  refugee recognition.  Japan accepted just three refugees in the first half of 2017 despite a record 8,561 fresh asylum applications, and only 28 in 2016. Human Rights Watch in January described the country s record on asylum seekers as  abysmal . The prospect of the crackdown drew criticism from Japan s most prominent refugee organization, which said that asylum seekers would struggle to make ends meet without work permits.  It s essential that minimum living conditions are ensured while people apply for asylum,  said Eri Ishikawa of the Japan Association for Refugees.  The world s third biggest economy has remained unwelcoming to immigration despite a shrinking, aging population that has exacerbated the worst labor shortages in four decades and drags on an already slow economic growth. Japan s reluctance to accept foreign workers and refugees is in contrast to the policies of other industrialized countries, and has forced labor-hungry industries including construction and manufacturing to rely on asylum seekers with work permits. Immigration remains a controversial subject in Japan, where many pride themselves on cultural and ethnic homogeneity.  Almost six in 10 Japanese think diversity of ethnic groups, religions and races makes their country a worse place, a poll this month by the Pew Research Center showed.  ",1
16073,"China, South Korea agree to get relations back on track","BEIJING (Reuters) - China and South Korea have agreed to get their relations back onto a normal track at an early date, China s Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday, following high level talks between the two countries. Both countries attach great important to their ties, the ministry said in a statement. ",1
16074,"Singapore minister says he, and his colleagues, all prepared to become next PM if called upon","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - One of the contenders to be Singapore s next leader, cabinet member Chan Chun Sing, on Monday said he and his colleagues had an obligation to be ready to take on the job. In rare comments about succession by a public official, Chan said whoever took over was unlikely to drastically change the government s policy direction.  All of us have to be prepared to do the job when called upon,  Chan, a former army chief, told journalists at a Foreign Correspondents Association of Singapore briefing, when asked if he would like the job of prime minister.  In Singapore, leadership is a responsibility to be borne, not a position to be sought,  he said, citing a comment previously made by Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan.  Chan, 47, who holds the title of minister in the prime minister s office, is one of a handful of men mentioned as potential successors to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, who has said he is ready to step down in a couple of years. Singapore news media have cited Chan as one of a number of  contenders to succeed Lee.  Lee, who is the eldest son of Singapore s founding father Lee Kuan Yew, has said the new leader is probably already in the cabinet, but a clear choice has yet to emerge. Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam, also mentioned as a potential successor, has repeatedly said he does not want the job. The Singapore media and political analysts say Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat and Education Minister Ong Ye Kung are also in contention.  Questions about succession in the wealthy Southeast Asian city state - which has been governed by the People s Action Party since independence in 1965 - came into focus when Lee, who has twice survived cancer, took ill during a televised speech last year and stumbled at a podium. Doctors subsequently said there were no serious concerns. Lee Kuan Yew s successor, Goh Chok Tong, was identified at least five years in advance while the current leader, who first entered politics in 1984, was also groomed for the position long before he took office in 2004.  Chan entered politics in 2011 after serving more than two decades in the Singapore Army, retiring as a major-general.  (This story has been corrected to make it clear that Chan was talking about his colleagues as well as himself) ",1
16075,Jakarta closes hotel targeted by Islamists for alleged vice,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s capital has shut a hotel and spa complex for alleged vice, city officials said on Monday, after Islamist groups in the Muslim-majority country had urged Jakarta s governor to act on a campaign pledge to shut the premises.       The Alexis Hotel, whose website describes it as a  dreamland for men , became embroiled in the city s recent election when the new governor, Anies Baswedan, promised in a televised debate to shut it and accused his predecessor of only acting against more downmarket venues offering vice and drugs. Edy Junaedi, head of the Jakarta Capital Investment and One-stop Integrated Services (PTSP) agency, confirmed by telephone on Monday that the hotel s permit had not been renewed.  In a letter, the city government said it had decided not to extend the permit after  information circulating in media about forbidden activities , adding that it was required to prevent any immoral and illegal activities. Islamist groups had previously sent a letter to authorities demanding the hotel be closed, but later called off a proposed protest rally outside the venue for security and technical reasons, state news agency Antara said.  The hotel did not immediately respond to a request for comment and its owner could not be reached.  Media quoted Baswedan as saying the city would take firm action against any businesses conducting  immoral practices .  The governor faced criticism after winning April s Jakarta election with the support of Islamist groups who had agitated for months against his opponent and former governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama - an ethnic Chinese Christian - whom they accused of blasphemy against Islam. Purnama demolished Jakarta s sprawling Kalijodo red-light district in 2016 as part of a nationwide crackdown on prostitution and also closed a number of notorious Jakarta nightclubs over drug use.   Though illegal in Indonesia, prostitution is rampant in most  cities, and the decision to close the Alexis comes as groups like the hardline Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), which has a history of raiding nightclubs and bars, want Baswedan to impose a more  Islamic lifestyle  on the city of more than 10 million. Novel Bamukmin, head of FPI s Jakarta chapter, has said the group would  push  Baswedan s administration to gradually close down bars and clubs in a city known for a freewheeling nightlife because  It s immoral and...not Islamic culture . Sandiaga Uno, Baswedan s deputy, has said the administration would consider setting up  sharia-inspired  or sharia-compliant entertainment spots similar to those in Abu Dhabi or Dubai. (This story has been refiled to correct year in ninth paragraph to 2016, not 2006) ",1
16076,"Magnitude 7.0 undersea quake hits near New Caledonia, no tsunami","(Reuters) - A major undersea earthquake of magnitude 7.0 struck close to New Caledonia in the South Pacific on Tuesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said. The quake, which was at a shallow depth of 9.3 miles (15 km)below the seabed, did not trigger a tsunami, according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii and the Joint Australian Tsunami Warning Centre.The epicenter was located 73 miles (117.48 km) east of the town of Tadine, on the Loyalty Islands, part of France s New Caledonia territory. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. A spokesman for the government in Noumea, the New Caledonia capital, and staff of two hotels contacted by Reuters said they did not feel the quake. ",1
16077,"Fake news hurts trust in media, mainstream outlets fare better: poll","LONDON (Reuters) - Controversies over fake news have damaged trust in media in the United States and elsewhere, but the impact is far worse for social media and online-only outlets than it is for traditional print and TV outlets, a survey has found. The research and data company Kantar, in a survey of 8,000 people in the United States, Brazil, Britain and France, found that newspapers, magazines and TV news outlets had retained a greater measure of public trust than digital specialists had. In the United States, mainstream media have reported on the online spread of fabricated stories aimed at helping Donald Trump win the presidency last year. Meanwhile, Trump has accused the mainstream media itself of producing fake news. Overall, 58 percent of those surveyed said that as a result of becoming aware of fake news they had less trust in social media news stories about politics or elections. For mainstream media, the figure was 24 percent.  The efforts to brand  mainstream news media  as  fake news  have largely failed,  Kantar said. The survey drew a link between depth of coverage and trust levels. The findings showed that a much higher proportion of people rated magazines, TV news channels, radio and newspapers highly for in-depth commentary and analysis, than did so for social media news.  News audiences are far from dumbing down. They demand serious content and the provision of this type of content will help deepen the nature of consumer relationships with news organizations offline and online,  the survey said. Kantar said its analysis showed usage of the expression  fake news  had surged in mainstream news around the time of the U.S. presidential election in November 2016, and had peaked on Trump s first day in office in January this year. However, there was a lack of consensus and clarity on the definition and origin of fake news.  Asked what that expression meant, 58 percent of respondents said it referred to stories deliberately fabricated by a mainstream news organization. Forty-two percent said it described stories put out by someone pretending to be a news organization. Of the four countries surveyed, Brazil had the highest proportion of people who believed fake news had influenced the outcome of elections in their country, at 69 percent. In the United States, the figure was 47 percent.  The term  fake news  has been used by the U.S. president so frequently that it comes as no surprise that U.S. audiences are more aware of its impact,  the survey said.  In Brazil, however, although a national election has not been held since 2014, a series of corruption scandals have likely raised news audience sensitivity to political news.  ",1
16078,Wife of Chechen accused of Putin assassination plot shot dead near Kiev,"KIEV (Reuters) - The Ukrainian wife of a Chechen man accused by Russia of plotting to kill President Vladimir Putin was shot dead outside Kiev on Monday in an attack that also wounded her husband, Ukrainian interior ministry officials said. Amina Okuyeva and Adam Osmayev were in a car that was shot at from bushes near a railway crossing on the outskirts of the capital, interior ministry advisors Anton Gerashchenko and Zoryan Shkiryak said in separate posts on Facebook. The attack follows a vehicle bombing in Kiev last Thursday, in which two people were killed and three wounded, including Ihor Mosiychuk, a member of the populist opposition Radical Party. Okuyeva had links to Mosiychuk, having once worked for him in an advisory role.  As a result of the injuries she sustained, Amina died. Adam Osmayev was wounded, but will live. I just spoke to him on the telephone,  Gerashchenko said. The incident is the second attempt this year on the life of Osmayev, from Russia s mainly Muslim Chechnya region. In June, he survived an attack by a gunman, who was in turn shot and wounded by Okuyeva. Gerashchenko and Shkiryak did not suggest a motive for the latest incident.  Mosiychuk has blamed Russia for last week s bombing, while Ukrainian police have said Russian involvement is one of the possible motives being investigated. Russia has dismissed the accusations as a product of anti-Russian sentiment in Ukraine.  Relations between Kiev and Moscow collapsed in 2014 after Russia seized Ukraine s Crimea peninsula and backed a pro-Russian separatist insurgency in eastern Ukrainian regions. Russian authorities accuse Osmayev of being part of a 2012 plot by Islamist rebels to kill Putin with a bomb in central Moscow. Osmayev and Okuyeva are well-known figures in Ukraine, having served as volunteers for the Ukrainian military in the fight against pro-Russian rebels. Moscow has fought two wars with separatists in Chechnya  since the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union. The region is now broadly under the control of Moscow, but Chechens are known to have fought both for the pro-Russian rebels and for the Ukrainian army in the conflict in eastern Ukraine. Since fighting broke out in the east in 2014, the number of incidents involving explosives outside the conflict zone has increased. There has been a spate of vehicle bombings over the past 18 months in Kiev, the capital, and elsewhere, but investigators have failed to find those responsible. ",1
16079,British government extends Northern Ireland talks deadline,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The British government on Monday extended by 24 hours a deadline for Northern Ireland s political parties to re-establish a devolved regional executive and avoid London setting the region s annual budget for the first time in a decade.  The pro-British Democratic Unionist Party and the Irish nationalist Sinn Fein party made progress in talks on Monday and they will continue talking on Tuesday, the British government s minister for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire said.   In the light of this, I believe it is right to defer the assessment on whether to introduce legislation to Parliament this week to enable an executive to be formed,  Brokenshire said in a statement.  The parties will recommence talks in the morning and I will reassess the position tomorrow night,  he said, adding that the British government would consider  certain additional requests  made by the parties.        Brokenshire had earlier indicated that if there was no deal by the end of Monday it would move to pass an annual budget for the region to ensure essential services are funded.  A budget set by the British government would be a major step towards direct rule from London for the first time in a decade, which observers have warned could destabilize a delicate political balance in the region.  The DUP and Sinn Fein have shared power for the past decade in a system created following a 1998 peace deal which ended three decades of violence in the province. But Sinn Fein in January pulled out complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner.  Talks between Sinn Fein and the DUP have stalled in recent weeks, in large part over proposals to improve the rights of Irish language speakers. Ahead of the talks, Sinn Fein regional assembly member Conor Murphy said the government could only be reformed  on the basis of equality, rights and respect , which would require concessions from the DUP.   While the DUP also said it wanted to see the executive re-established, ahead of the talks it called for London to bring forward the budget  to bring a measure of good government to Northern Ireland . Neither party spoke to assembled media on the state of the talks on Monday evening.  The outcome of talks was not expected to have an impact on the DUP s agreement to support British Prime Minister Theresa May s government in the British parliament. ",1
16080,Court orders Nigeria to pay $288 million to 1967 war victims,"ABUJA (Reuters) - A court on Monday ordered Nigeria to pay 88 billion naira ($288 million) in damages to victims of the 1967 civil war for failure to fully de-mine and clear the land of other weaponry after the end of hostilities.  The ruling calls on the government to pay 50 billion naira directly to war victims in 11 states and put 38 billion naira toward de-mining and the construction of schools, courts, churches and mosques in the affected areas.  A judge for the Economic Community of West African States Court of Justice ruled that there remain  large quantities  of live bombs deprived communities of farmland since the civil war ended in 1970.      Sovereign states do not have to respect the court s rulings and there is no framework for making them binding. The office of President Muhammadu Buhari did not immediately comment on the ruling.  A million people died in the 1967-70 civil war over the short-lived Republic of Biafra. ($1 = 305.3000 naira) ",1
16081,Chile's Pinera says spending plan would cost $14 billion,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile s frontrunning center-right presidential candidate, Sebastian Pinera, on Monday unveiled a $14 billion, four-year spending plan focused on proposed reforms to the country s tax and pension systems and new investments in infrastructure and hospitals. The former president, who governed from 2010 to 2014, said he would pay for his proposals by cutting  unnecessary  government spending and simplifying the tax code to encourage investment and boost growth and the country s coffers. Recent opinion polls show Pinera, 67, with a wide lead over his seven rivals in the Nov. 19 first-round election. Pinera would also beat his two closest contenders, leftists Alejandro Guillier and Beatriz Sanchez, in a runoff if no candidate receives at least 50 percent of the vote, according to pollster CEP last week. Guillier, the frontrunner on the left, has yet to put a pricetag on his proposals, which track the policies of outgoing center-left President Michelle Bachelet. Sanchez has proposed a $13.4 billion plan of deeper social and economic reforms, paid for in part by a tax on the  super-rich.  The 67-year-old Pinera, a billionaire who has campaigned on a program of fiscal austerity, is benefiting from disenchantment with Bachelet, whose program of progressive reforms coincided with a downturn in the price of copper, which can account for as much as 15 percent of gross domestic product in Chile, the world s top producer.  Half of the financing for my program will come from reallocations drawn from ineffective government programs ... and a reduction of unnecessary spending in the public sector,  Pinera said in a 124-page paper detailing his proposals. Pinera s plan to reform the pension system would cost about $3 billion and include new subsidies to raise pensions for women and the middle class, as well as incentives to encourage workers to retire later, Pinera said in the document. The current retirement system, introduced in the 1980s during Augusto Pinochet s dictatorship, was historically seen as a model by many economists, but it has been criticized in recent years on a number of fronts, including what many see as insufficient payouts. Pinera, a businessman-turned-politician, has also called for a $2.7 billion overhaul of Bachelet s tax reform, to provide  more certainty and incentives for saving and investment,  as well as $3 billion of investment in hospitals and infrastructure.  ",1
16082,British government extends northern Ireland talks deadline,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The British government on Monday extended by 24 hours a deadline for Northern Ireland s main political parties to reach agreement on re-establishing a devolved regional executive and avoid London setting the region s annual budget directly.  The pro-British Democratic Unionist Party and Irish nationalists Sinn Fein will continue talks on Tuesday aimed at restoring a power-sharing government, the British government s minister for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire said in a statement.  He said progress had been made in talks on Monday and that he would reassess the position on Tuesday evening before deciding if London would move to impose a budget for the first time in a decade.   ",1
16083,Czech Babis gains possible support in bid for minority government,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech billionaire Andrej Babis gained possible support on Monday for his bid to form a minority government with his ANO movement when the small Communist party said it could  tolerate  the prospect. ANO won nearly three times as many votes as its closest competitor in a parliamentary election this month when voters shunned traditional parties but fell short of a majority in the lower house. Since then, the other eight parties that won seats have refused cooperation with ANO with the exception of the SPD, a far-right, anti-European Union party that is not a preferred coalition partner for Babis. The businessman ran on an anti-establishment platform and pledged to fight political corruption but he faces potential fraud charges himself. The ANO has 78 seats in the 200-seat lower house and is considering forming a minority government but it must win a confidence vote with a simple majority of those present. The head of the far-left Communist party (KSCM) said he could tolerate a minority cabinet as a way out of the impasse.  It is a question of how much the government s program would fit us, to tolerate this government,  KSCM chairman Vojtech Filip told Czech Television.  I am not saying we will support it, I am speaking about tolerance.  KSCM with its 15 seats would have to leave the lower house during a confidence vote thus lowering the threshold ANO would need to win. President Milos Zeman, who will meet with Babis on Tuesday, told Czech Radio a minority government would be a good option. Most parties shun Babis and his ANO party because of the fraud charges. Police say he hid ownership of a farm and conference center near Prague in 2008 so he could qualify for a 2 million euro EU subsidy normally meant for small businesses. Babis denies wrongdoing and says the charges were politically motivated. ** For a GRAPHIC of election results: tmsnrt.rs/2vO4hPW ",1
16084,Britain moves to tackle abuse in a bastion of tradition: parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - There will be zero tolerance of sexual harassment in Britain s parliament, the government said on Monday, toughening rules after allegations of abuse at the 800-year-old institution fueled demands for reform. After sexual abuse allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein prompted hundreds of thousands of women and men to share stories about inappropriate behavior, Britain s parliament - a bastion of tradition - has been no exception.     Prime Minister Theresa May has ordered an investigation into a report that one of her ministers asked a female secretary to buy sex toys and the opposition Labour Party has suspended one of its lawmakers while it looks into his comments and behavior. The growing scandal could damage May if there are further allegations against members of her Conservative Party as it relies on a small Northern Irish party for a majority in parliament.  On Monday, May made a rare appearance in parliament to sit beside leader of the House of Commons Andrea Leadsom as she set out the government s plans to tackle sexual harassment, including measures to enforce a code of conduct and to set up an independent grievance procedure.  We absolutely are determined to get a grip on this,  Leadsom told parliament, outlining government plans for a  zero-tolerance  approach. But critics said measures should go further and tackle the culture in parliament, where some female politicians said power was concentrated in lawmakers  hands and wielded often unchecked over more junior workers.   There is obviously a problem, it s a good thing that it s been exposed,  Labour lawmaker Harriet Harman said.  No one should have to work in the toxic atmosphere of sleazy sexist or homophobic banter.  The allegations against Weinstein - who denies all accusations of non-consensual sex - has prompted discussion of sexual harassment around the world. Last week, Labour lawmaker Jared O Mara was suspended for reportedly making slurs against a woman he dated and other comments, and at the weekend, Mark Garnier, a junior trade minister, was reported by the Mail on Sunday newspaper to have asked his secretary Caroline Edmondson to buy sex toys and called her  sugar tits . On Sunday, May ordered an investigation and wrote to the speaker for advice on changing the culture in parliament, where aides, researchers and secretaries are dependent on their employers, the lawmakers.  She is deeply concerned at the recent media reports regarding the alleged mistreatment of staff by some members of parliament,  May s spokesman told reporters.  She has been clear that any unwanted sexual behavior is completely unacceptable in any walk of life and she strongly believes it s important that those working in parliament are treated properly and fairly.  But in a sign the scandal may widen, British media carried unconfirmed reports that parliamentary aides have drawn up a list of other allegations of inappropriate behavior in parliament. The list could not be confirmed by Reuters.  Are you on the list?  one male member of parliament asked another on Monday in the presence of a reporter, to nervous laughter.     ",1
16085,Major Venezuelan opposition parties to boycott local polls,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Three of Venezuela s largest opposition parties vowed on Monday to boycott mayoral polls later this year in protest at an election system they say is biased in favor of President Nicolas Maduro s ruling socialists. The multi-party Democratic Unity coalition has had a tough 2017, first failing to bring down Maduro in four months of protests that led to 125 deaths, then losing surprisingly to the Socialist Party in a gubernatorial election earlier this month.  That has left the opposition weakened and divided, and Maduro strengthened, despite growing foreign pressure on his government over alleged rights abuses and corruption, and an unprecedented economic crisis that has millions skipping food. Three heavyweight movements in the opposition - Justice First, Popular Will and Democratic Action - announced on Monday they did not trust the government-leaning election board sufficiently to participate in the municipal polls in December.  Justice First leader Julio Borges, who also heads the opposition-led congress, said authorities cheated in the 2013 presidential election, denied Venezuelans a recall referendum last year, and rigged the Oct. 15 gubernatorial vote.  So instead of going into another  manipulated  vote, the opposition should focus on demanding reforms to the election board in anticipation of next year s presidential poll, he said.  The objective remains getting Nicolas Maduro out of power, and in this struggle, the world is with us,  he told reporters.  To the surprise of some, the Democratic Action party also joined the boycott. Its candidates won four governorships in October s vote and then infuriated many opposition supporters by swearing loyalty to a pro-Maduro legislative superbody.  Opposition supporters have been split over participating in elections this year. Some say it is the only way to show they are a majority and undermine Maduro, while a growing number argue there is no point in fighting a  dictator  via a system rigged in his favor.  They are pinning their hopes on international action, including U.S. sanctions against Maduro s government.  Maduro, whose personal popularity has plunged since his 2013 election due to food shortages and runaway inflation, said  sabotage  and  insurrection  were being planned against the mayoral votes.  I declare myself in battle,  the 54-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez said in a meeting with governors on Monday.   Those who attack the election system must pay.  Opposition leaders say the government has long been rigging elections by gross abuse of state funds in favor of socialist candidates, and dirty tricks such the last-minute moving of vote centers in opposition areas for the October ballot.  They have also presented some allegations of ballot-rigging. However, Maduro insists Venezuela s system is entirely trustworthy and impossible to hack. It has received international praise in the past, although it was slammed over July s vote for the Constituent Assembly superbody.  Maduro says the street protests earlier this year were a mask for a U.S.-backed coup plot, and accuses opponents of wanting to oust him by undemocratic means.   Venezuelans want ballots, not bullets,  said Maduro. ",1
16086,German parties start to find common ground in coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Parties seeking to form Germany s next government found common ground in areas of social policy and digital infrastructure on Monday, but remain far apart on issues that provoked stormy clashes last week. Talks between conservatives, Greens and Free Democrats (FDP) resumed on Monday after Chancellor Angela Merkel convened a weekend meeting to clear the air between ideologically diverse parties forced by electoral arithmetic into awkward partnership.  The weekend pause for thought did us good,  said Andreas Scheuer, a leader in the conservative Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). Other party leaders agreed. But Monday s talks, on education, digitalization, pensions and labor issues, as well as domestic security, were always expected to be less contentious than the immigration, fiscal and climate policies that divided them last week. One sign of the division came in an interview Merkel ally Peter Altmaier gave to the newspaper Die Zeit, where he shot down media reports about a reshuffling of ministerial portfolios. Der Spiegel magazine reported the FDP might head a weakened finance ministry, with key European affairs functions hived off to another ministry.  The finance ministry is a strong ministry and should remain so in future,  Altmaier told Die Zeit. Altmaier runs Merkel s office and has been acting finance minister since Wolfgang Schaeuble s move agreed last month to leave the post and become president of parliament . Negotiators emerged on Monday with a document spelling out areas where they had reached agreement, including commitments to universal gigabit-speed internet by 2025, and spending 3.5 percent of economic output on research and development. After discussions that ran late into the evening, they also signed up to Merkel s election campaign pledge of achieving full employment, without giving a specific target date. Merkel, whose conservatives came first but lost seats in the Sept. 24 national elections must forge a so-called  Jamaica  coalition - named because the three camps  colors match that country s flag - that is untested at national level. Three more rounds of more detailed exploratory talks are planned for this week and four for next. If successful, the parties can then begin formal coalition talks. ",1
16087,Finnish president says joining NATO would require referendum,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Any move by Finland to join NATO would need public approval via a referendum, President Sauli Niinisto told a panel debate on Monday ahead of elections in January. The Nordic country is a member of the European Union but has stayed outside the NATO military alliance in line with its tradition of avoiding confrontation with Russia, with which it shares an 833 mile (1,340 km) border and a difficult history. It has forged closer ties with NATO in recent years, however, sharing information and taking part in military exercises, reflecting concerns in Finland about the Ukraine crisis and increased East-West tensions in the Baltic Sea. Niinisto, who is expected to easily win a second six-year term in the Jan. 28 election, did not indicate whether he favoured joining NATO but said a decision to apply for full membership would require a referendum.  I am convinced that (membership) decision would require legitimacy, a wide acceptability... I would warn against making decisions where a significant part of citizens would get deep wounds,  Niinisto said in a panel discussion in Helsinki.     Only 21 percent of Finns support joining NATO, while 51 percent are opposed, a poll by YLE showed in February. Niinisto, 69, who will stand as an independent candidate after previously representing the conservative National Coalition Party, is known for cultivating good relations with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin. Finland s president is in charge of foreign and defence policy together with the government.  Nils Torvalds, the only one of seven presidential candidates who advocates joining NATO, said politicians needed to show leadership on the issue.  The thesis of a referendum blocks the discussion on membership. Everybody s waiting for a referendum and are not taking a stance on the real question ... We do have a parliament to decide on issues.   To apply for a membership when a crisis is knocking on the door, forget that. The membership must be applied for when the weather is still rather beautiful.  Torvalds, a politician for Swedish People s Party of Finland, had 1 percent support in a recent opinion poll while Niinisto had 76 percent. Finland s centre-right government has said it will monitor the security situation in the region and retain the option of joining NATO. Russia, which has opposed NATO s eastward expansion has said any move by Helsinki to join would be of  special concern .  ",1
16088,U.S. captures suspected Benghazi attack militant,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. forces have captured a militant who is believed to have played a role in a 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans, U.S. officials said on Monday. The officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that U.S. Special Operation Forces captured the militant in Libya in the past few days.  Two of the officials identified him as Mustafa al-Imam and said he had played a role in the attack and the ambassador s death. The officials said the man was now in the custody of the Department of Justice and being transported back to the United States by the military.  They added that the operation was authorized by President Donald Trump and had notified the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord. In a statement, Trump said al-Imam  will face justice in the United States for his alleged role in the September 11, 2012 attacks. [nW1N1N000Y] Attorney General Jeff Sessions said al-Imam was now in custody and the United States would continue to investigate and identify those who were involved in the attack. The appropriate Congressional committees and the families of the Americans killed in the 2012 attack had also been notified, the officials said. The attack on the embassy was the topic of numerous congressional hearings, with Republican lawmakers critical of the way in which then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton responded to the attack. Earlier this month, U.S. prosecutors opened their case against the suspected ringleader, Ahmed Abu Khatallah. Khatallah had been awaiting trial since 2014, when he was captured by a team of U.S. military and FBI officials in Libya and transported on a 13-day journey to the United States aboard a Navy vessel. Militants have exploited chaos following Muammar Gaddafi s 2011 downfall. Islamic State took over Sirte in early 2015, turning it into its most important base outside the Middle East and attracting large numbers of foreign fighters to the city.  Islamic State militants has shifted to desert valleys and inland hills southeast of Tripoli as they seek to exploit Libya s political divisions after their defeat in Sirte. The United States has been carrying out strikes against the militant group in Libya, striking more than a dozen militants in September. ",1
16089,Trump names suspect captured for role in 2012 Benghazi attack on Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday named a suspect captured on Sunday for his alleged role in the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. Trump said in statement the suspect, Mustafa al-Imam, would face justice in the United States. U.S. ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the 2012 attack. ",1
16090,Cameroon court sentences opposition leader to 25 years in prison,"DOUALA, Cameroon (Reuters) - A military court in Cameroon sentenced an opposition leader on Monday to 25 years in prison, his lawyer and Amnesty International said and denounced the trial as politically motivated. The court convicted Aboubakar Siddiki, the president of northern Cameroon s main opposition party, of hostility against the homeland as well as revolution and contempt of the president over accusations he plotted to destabilise the country.  We are going to appeal this decision, which does not seem to us to be at all just,  Siddiki s lawyer, Emmanuel Simh, told Reuters. In a statement, Amnesty said the prosecution was part of a government campaign to stifle its critics. The government denies the charges are political. Dozens of people have been killed and hundreds arrested in a crackdown in recent months on protests in Cameroon s English-speaking regions. Residents there say they suffer social and economic marginalisation in the predominantly Francophone country.  The protests have become a lightning rod for opposition to President Paul Biya s 35-year rule.         Besides Siddiki, the court sentenced Abdoulaye Harissou, a well-known notary, to three years in prison for failure to denounce a crime. The court also dropped charges against three journalists arrested in connection with the same case. ",1
16091,"Convoy rolls into Damascus suburbs with aid for 40,000: U.N.","GENEVA (Reuters) - A convoy from the United Nations and Syrian Arab Red Crescent entered towns in the besieged Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta on Monday, bringing aid to 40,000 people for the first time since June 2016, the United Nations said. A tightening siege by government forces has pushed people to the verge of famine in the eastern suburbs, residents and aid workers said last week, bringing desperation to the only major rebel enclave near the Syrian capital. The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said on Twitter they had entered the towns of Kafra Batna and Saqba. The Syrian Arab Red Crescent said in a separate tweet that the inter-agency convoy had 49 trucks.  They carried food, nutrition and health items for 40,000 people in need, OCHA spokesman Jens Laerke said.  The last time we reached these two locations were in June 2016,  he said. A health worker in Saqba who was present when the convoy started to offload said that nine trucks of foodstuffs, including milk and peanut butter, and four trucks of medicines had arrived so far.  Technical specialists were on board to assess needs in the towns in order to plan a further humanitarian response, he said.  More aid to complement today s delivery is planned in the coming days,  Laerke added. At least 1,200 children in eastern Ghouta suffer from malnutrition, with 1,500 others at risk, a spokeswoman for the U.N. children s agency UNICEF said last week. Bettina Luescher, spokeswoman of the U.N. World Food Programme (WFP), said the convoy carried nutrition supplies for 16,000 children. Food, fuel and medicine once travelled across frontlines into the suburbs through a network of underground tunnels. But early this year, an army offensive nearby cut smuggling routes that provided a lifeline for around 300,000 people in the enclave east of the capital. ",1
16092,"U.S., Qatar agree to further curbs on terrorist financing","DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar has agreed to strengthen counter-terrorism cooperation with the United States to crack down on illicit financing of militant groups, a joint Qatari-U.S. statement said on Monday following a visit by U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. Mnuchin s visit to Doha marked the end of a week-long trip aimed at curbing terrorist financing. There were earlier stops in Israel, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia, where the U.S. in May announced the Terrorist Financing Targeting Center, a U.S.-Gulf initiative to stem finance to militant groups. Following talks with Qatari officials in Doha, Mnuchen said the two countries had agreed to  substantially increasing the sharing of information on terrorist financiers,  with  greater emphasis on charitable and money service business sectors in Qatar,  according to the statement. Qatar is keen to show it is cooperating on counter terrorism nearly five months after Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt began a diplomatic and trade boycott of the gas-rich state, accusing it of financing extremist groups and allying with their arch-foe Iran, allegations Doha denies. Qatar in July signed a memorandum of understanding with the United States to increase cooperation on fighting terrorism finance and was one of six Gulf nations last week to announce sanctions on 13 individuals said to be al Qaeda and Islamic State militants.  Qatar hosts Udeid Air Base, the largest U.S. military facility in the Middle East, from which U.S.-led coalition aircraft stage sorties against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. ",1
16093,At least five killed in east Congo clashes: Human Rights Watch,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least four civilians and a police officer were killed in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday in clashes between security forces and protesters demanding the departure of President Joseph Kabila this year, Human Rights Watch said. The national electoral commission announced this month that an election to replace Kabila, whose mandate expired last December, cannot take place until April 2019. The delay has raised fears of an escalation of violence in Congo, which is Africa s biggest copper producer. Activist groups in the eastern city of Goma had called for a general strike on Monday to protest against the election delay. Unrest broke out by 5 a.m. (0300 GMT) between police and protesters, who barricaded roads and burned tires, local residents and the police said. Security forces killed at least four civilians and one police officer also died in the clashes, said Ida Sawyer, central Africa director at New York-based Human Rights Watch.  A spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in Congo said it had documented 37 arrests but could not yet confirm a death toll. Provincial police commissioner Placide Nyembo said that the police officer was beaten to death by protesters and one demonstrator was killed by a stray bullet.  The police also said in a statement that they broke up a planned demonstration in the northern province of Tshopo by protesters with jerrycans filled with petrol.  Deteriorating security across Congo this year, including a spike in militia violence, has prompted fears the country could slip back to the multi-sided civil wars of the turn of the century, when hundreds of thousands were killed in violence and millions are believed to have perished of hunger and disease.  Kabila says the election delays are due to challenges registering millions of voters. His opponents say he plans to change the constitution to remain in power, as other African leaders have done.  ",1
16094,WFP chief gets pledge from Congo's president on food aid access,"GENEVA (Reuters) - President Joseph Kabila has agreed to help aid reach a region of the Democratic Republic of Congo where ethnic conflict has spawned a humanitarian emergency, the head of the U.N. s World Food Programme said on Monday. WFP Executive Director David Beasley said he had also asked Congo s Prime Minister Bruno Tshibala to waive $9 million in administrative fees the organization had paid to the government, saying the sum could feed tens of thousands of people.  This country is destabilizing and it needs attention because if we don t give the attention now it could impact the entire region,  Beasley told reporters by phone from Kinshasa.  The conflict in Kasai region turned Congo into the world s biggest displacement crisis this year. Although many people have started going home, Beasley said Congo still had about 600,000 children on the brink of starvation and 7.7 million severely malnourished people. While visiting Kasai, where WFP has 1 percent of the $135 million needed for the next eight months, he said he saw horror in the eyes of women and children as they told of beheadings and brutality.   The Kasai region, it was rather appalling, in ways that are truly hard to explain, in ways you actually don t want to explain,  he said. Beasley said he met Kabila for about 45 minutes before meeting ministers and explained that the trust of aid donors needed to be rebuilt and that the government must provide access, safety and visas.   He gave me his assurances that he would do everything possible to address any and all needs that we brought to his attention,  Beasley said. Beasley, a former governor of the U.S. state of South Carolina, told Congo s prime minister that WFP had paid the government $9 million in administrative fees  just for access, just for being here , and asked him to scrap the fees.  As I told the government, the prime minister, and the ministers, if you take that $9 million and I m feeding people at 31 cents a day, you can do the math - that s 75,000 people, give or take, that we can feed in an entire year,  he said. Asked about the $9 million, government spokesman Lambert Mende said:  That s the first time I ve heard of anything like that.   We know that we have humanitarian needs because many people (in Kasai) are returning to their homes and we are working with our partners on that,  Mende said. Beasley said there was donor fatigue but addressing the Kasai situation immediately would save lives and money. ",1
16095,U.S. pledges up to $60 million for security in Sahel region,"UNITED NATIONS/ABIDJAN (Reuters) - The United States has promised up to $60 million to support the Group of Five Sahel States (G5 Sahel) Joint Force s counter-terrorism efforts, the State Department said on Monday. The force - which will eventually comprise nearly 5,000 troops units from Mali, Niger, Burkina Faso, Chad and Mauritania - is meant to counter a growing jihadist threat in West Africa s arid Sahel region that includes groups linked to Al Qaeda and Islamic State. The U.S. support for the G5 force falls short of an expectation by France and others that Washington would back direct funding from the United Nations.  We believe that the G5 force must be, first and foremost, owned by the countries of the region themselves,  said the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley in remarks to the Security Council, following news of the new cash commitment.  We expect that the G5 countries will take on full regional ownership of the force within a period of three to six years, with continued U.S. engagement,  she said. A non-U.S. Security Council diplomat said, however, the U.S. is keen on continuing to look for some kind of direct U.N. involvement in supporting the G5 force. An ambush by unidentified militants this month in Niger killed four U.S. Special Forces troops and threw a spotlight on American involvement in counter-terrorism operations in the region.  The funds pledge, which must now be discussed with Congress, will bolster the U.S. s regional partners in their fight against Islamic State and other terrorist networks, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in the statement. Washington is wary of funding the G5 through the United Nations at a time when the Trump administration is aiming to cut U.N. expenditures on peacekeeping operations around the world, and has indicated it prefers to support the force on a bilateral basis. The G5 countries have set a first-year operating budget of just under $500 million, and about a quarter of that was committed before the U.S. announcement. A donors conference will be held in Brussels in mid December. ",1
16096,Turkey threatens legal action after lawmaker calls Erdogan 'fascist dictator',"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman threatened a prominent opposition lawmaker with legal action on Monday for calling the Turkish leader a fascist dictator. In some of the most blistering criticism of Erdogan by a high-profile politician in recent memory, Bulent Tezcan, spokesman for the main opposition People s Republican Party, attacked what he said was a  fearful atmosphere  in Turkey.  If you try to scare people and to create a fearful atmosphere by showing legal words as illegal ones we will not be deterred,  Tezcan said in a speech in the western city of Tekirdag, criticizing local judicial authorities. His comments appeared to be in defense of the local mayor, a CHP member, who was questioned by authorities this month after he reportedly called Erdogan a  dictator  at a party congress.    I don t know if our mayor said that or not. I, here in Tekirdag, say it now:  Erdogan is a fascist dictator ,  Tezcan said. Tezcan s comments prompted a swift backlash from Erdogan s office and lawmakers from his ruling AK Party.  Bulent Tezcan s hate speech is an example of disgrace for the main opposition,  Erdogan s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Twitter.  This is not politics, but rather enmity towards the people s will. Legal measures will be sought in this regard.  Insulting the president is a crime punishable by up to four years in prison in Turkey Lawyers for Erdogan, who has dominated Turkish politics for more than a decade, have filed more than 1,800 cases against people including cartoonists, a former Miss Turkey winner and schoolchildren on accusations of insulting him. Following a failed coup in July 2016, Erdogan said he would drop outstanding suits, in a one-off gesture.  Nonetheless, rights groups and some Western governments have voiced concern that Turkey is sliding toward authoritarianism. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs and more than 50,000 jailed pending trial on suspicion of links to the failed coup. Erdogan says such measures are necessary to ensure stability and defend Turkey from multiple security threats. ",1
16097,"Argentina's Macri vows to pursue tax, labor, pension reforms","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s President Mauricio Macri vowed to press ahead with reforms to the country s tax, labor and retirement systems in a speech on Monday, a week after his  Let s Change  coalition swept to victory at the polls in midterm elections. The government will present a tax reform proposal this Tuesday or Wednesday, and an amnesty plan for companies that hired workers informally in the coming days, Macri said. He added that the government would convene a commission to propose changes to the retirement system in coming weeks. The speech marked a roadmap for the second half of Macri s four-year term, as he seeks to implement business-friendly reforms to attract investors who avoided the country during more than a decade of populist rule.   We need lower taxes, more public works, and all this we need to achieve with fiscal balance,  Macri told a gathering of lawmakers, governors, union leaders, judges and others. Investors have been encouraged by the reforms Macri has implemented since taking office in December 2015, including lifting foreign exchange controls, settling with holdout creditors, and lowering export taxes. But significant investment has not arrived. Companies have demanded lower costs, while credit agencies are concerned about a deep fiscal deficit.  Macri s coalition swept the five most populous areas in  midterm elections, giving him a broader mandate to pass reforms, though it still lacks majorities in both chambers of Congress. Macri said his government had reduced the country s tax burden, and wanted to make the system  simpler, clearer, and fairer.   He reiterated the government s aim of slashing Argentina s fiscal deficit by one percentage point of gross domestic product per year. And he also vowed to reform the country s retirement system, a large driver of government spending.   We need to start a mature and honest conversation about our retirement and pension system,  Macri said.  Our retirement system hides serious inequities, and it is not sustainable.   While Macri has said he does not plan major changes to the country s labor code, he has said the government plans to provide incentives to companies to formalize undeclared workers and work with unions in specific sectors to lower costs. Macri also pledged reforms to the country s justice system to combat corruption. Cabinet Chief Marcos Pena told journalists that the resignation on Monday of chief prosecutor Alejandra Gils Carbo, appointed during the former administration of President Cristina Fernandez, was a step towards making the judiciary more independent. ",1
16098,Kenyan President Kenyatta wins 98 percent of vote in repeat election,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won 98 percent of the vote in a repeated election in which an opposition boycott helped lower turnout to 39 percent, the electoral commission said on Monday. The announcement touched off small protests in a few opposition strongholds but also celebrations in pro-Kenyatta areas. Veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga said the Oct. 26 election was a farce. Civil society groups also cited problems with the vote. The violence has for the most part seen protesters clash with police but some Kenyans fear it is starting to take on ethnic overtones after two deaths in clashes between rival groups at the weekend. At least 66 people have died in overall election violence. On Monday, the U.S. ambassador said Washington was  profoundly concerned  by the outbreaks of violence since the re-run. Kenya is east Africa s richest economy and a key security ally of the West against militant Islam. It also a key regional trade, logistics and trade hub. In his victory speech, Kenyatta repeated his belief that his victory in the original Aug. 8 election was legitimate and said dialogue would have to wait if the opposition was going to lodge court cases again. The Supreme Court nullified the Aug. 8 vote on procedural grounds.  My victory today is just part of a process that is likely to once again be subjected to a constitutional test through our courts ... I will submit to this constitutional path regardless of the outcome,  Kenyatta said.   Those who are going to ask me:  Are you going to engage in dialogue?  ... Let them (the opposition) first and foremost exhaust all their constitutional options.   Kenyatta took 98 percent of the vote, results from 266 out of 291 constituencies showed. The electoral commission said 7,616,217 valid votes were cast, representing 39 percent of the 19.6 million registered voters.  Protests by Odinga s supporters prevented polling stations from opening in 25 constituencies.  The election commission said poor security prevented voting in those areas but the final announcement could go ahead as it would not  materially affect  the result.  In the pro-Kenyatta area of Dagoretti North in Nairobi, cars honked and crowds of supporters in red T-shirts ran through the streets.   I m so happy the president has got his seat back,  said Peterson Njau.  Now the economy is going to lift up again.   Another resident, Kennedy Okeyo, said he cared more about football than politics but that ethnic clashes in his home this weekend had unnerved him.   You can t get to work, and even if you get to work, you can get attacked because of who you are,  he said.  But just down the road in Nairobi s Kawangware slum, around 100 youths listening to the results on mobile phones chanted  No Raila No Peace . They lit a bonfire in the middle of the street and began taunting riot police with cries of  the people want teargas .  Earlier, police dispersed protesters there with teargas when they tried to block a visit by Interior Minister Fred Matiang i. Another Nairobi shanty town, Mathare, the scene of deadly clashes between police and protesters immediately after the August vote, was largely calm although a handful of protesters lit a small fire.  And in the western city of Kisumu, Odinga s political heartland, around 50 youths began to block the road at the Kondele roundabout, the epicenter of protests, while others banged metal poles together. But the protest was small.   What can I do? They ve already announced it. Even if I burn tires, nothing will change,  said 25-year-old laborer Kennedy Omondi as he watched young men set a barricade alight.  Odinga pulled out of last week s vote, saying the electoral commission had failed to institute reforms to forestall the kind of  illegalities and irregularities  that scuppered Kenyatta s victory in the August election.  Kura Yangu Sauti Yangu, a coalition of civil society organizations with 2,000 election observers, said there were  multiple  cases where results from polling stations differed from results on the forms posted on the election portal after last week s vote.  In a report, they supplied a photo taken by their observers of the tally sheet for Bashaal market center in Garissa. It showed 133 votes for Kenyatta while the form displayed online showed 433 votes. Another form posted on the election website, from Tumbeni primary school in Kakamega, showed four votes for Odinga and two for another minor candidate but recorded the total number of votes cast was 77 votes cast.  ",1
16099,One body found near wreckage of Russian helicopter off Svalbard,"OSLO (Reuters) - The body of a man who died when a Russian Mi-8 helicopter crashed off the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard on Thursday was found near the crash site at the bottom of the sea, the office of the governor of Svalbard said on Monday. Eight Russian men   five crew and three passengers   died on board a helicopter that crashed on Thursday on its way from the abandoned Pyramiden settlement to the coal mining port of Barentsburg.  The deceased was located by an ROV (remotely operated underwater vehicle) on the ocean floor approximately 130 meters (142 yards) from the helicopter,  the office of the governor of Svalbard said in a statement on its website on Monday. This was the first body located after the crash. The other seven individuals are missing, presumed dead. ",1
16100,Afghan Taliban say kidnapped U.S. professor is seriously ill,"KABUL (Reuters) - The Afghan Taliban said on Monday that Kevin King, one of two professors from the American University of Afghanistan who were kidnapped in Kabul last year, is seriously ill and needs urgent medical attention.  Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said King, an American, was suffering from  dangerous  heart disease and kidney problems.  His illness has intensified, his feet have swollen and sometimes he becomes unconscious and his condition worsens every day,  Mujahid said in a statement.   We have tried to treat him time to time but we do not have medical facilities as we are in a war situation,  he said. The U.S. State Department called for the immediate and unconditional release of King and other hostages. King and his Australian colleague Timothy Weeks were kidnapped in August 2016 as they were returning to their compound in the Afghan capital. Afghan and Western officials believe the men are being held by the Haqqani network, a militant group affiliated with the Taliban that has carried out many other kidnappings. They acknowledge that an unsuccessful rescue attempt was made in eastern Afghanistan months after the two were taken.  The Taliban statement came around two weeks after Pakistani troops rescued Canadian Joshua Boyle and his American wife Caitlan Coleman from an area near the Afghan border. They had been held by the Haqqanis since being kidnapped in 2012.  Earlier this year, the Taliban released a video of King and Weeks showing them pleading with their governments to release Taliban prisoners in turn for their freedom. Kidnapping high profile targets has become a lucrative business for the Taliban and other militant groups in Afghanistan who in return often demand huge ransom or release of their members.  ",1
16101,France releases brother of ex-Burkina president Compaore,"PARIS (Reuters) - A court in Paris on Monday released the younger brother of former Burkina Faso President Blaise Compaore pending consideration of a request by the Burkinabe government to have him extradited, his lawyer and a judicial source said.  Police detained Francois Compaore at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris on Sunday on an international arrest warrant related to the 1998 murder of Norbert Zongo, who published Burkina Faso s Independent newspaper. The killing of Zongo, who had been investigating the murder of a driver who worked for Francois Compaore, became a symbol of repression during Blaise Compaore s 27-year rule, which ended in 2014 at the hands of a popular uprising.  Francois Compaore is barred from leaving France until a court examines an extradition request by Burkina Faso s government, said a judicial source, speaking on condition of anonymity.      Compaore s lawyer Pierre-Olivier Sur said the charges against his client are politically motivated by a Burkinabe government unable to try Blaise Compaore, whom the government of neighboring Ivory Coast refuses to extradite.  Blaise Compaore fled to Ivory Coast during the uprising. He faces an international arrest warrant in connection with the 1987 murder of former President Thomas Sankara. Activists are pushing President Roch Marc Christian Kabore to aggressively pursue cases of past human rights abuses. Critics say his government has been too slow to move against former government members, some of whom serve in the current administration. ",1
16102,Liberia's Johnson Sirleaf rejects accusations of election interference,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf s spokesman on Monday denied allegations from her own party that she meddled in this month s presidential election. The dispute has cemented a falling out between Johnson Sirleaf, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, and her party s leadership after 12 years in power that saw the country consolidate a post-war peace but draw sharp criticism over alleged corruption and underdevelopment. At a news conference on Sunday, leaders from Johnson Sirleaf s Unity Party accused the president of holding inappropriate private meetings with election magistrates before the Oct. 10 vote. They accused her of showing greed  in its most callous form  with the  intent of disrupting the fragile peace of Liberia , and backed a challenge to the first round results brought by other parties before the country s election commission.  Unity Party s candidate, Vice President Joseph Boakai, placed runner-up in the first-round with 28.8 percent of the vote to front-runner George Weah s 38.4 percent, setting up a second round run-off scheduled for Nov. 7.  The office of the president wishes to state unequivocally that these allegations are completely baseless and an unfortunate attempts by agents provocateurs to undermine Liberia s democratic process,  Johnson Sirleaf s spokesman, Jerolinmek Piah, told reporters. He said that all of the president s meetings with election officials were  consistent with her constitutional role to ensure that the process was supported .   These allegations fall in the category of hate speech and inciting language which should be condemned by all peace loving Liberians,  Piah added. Liberia s economy has quadrupled under Sirleaf s watch, but the forested country remains impoverished and many have no access to reliable drinking water and electricity. Tired of the monied elite that they say Johnson Sirleaf represents, many voters see Weah as the candidate for change.  Boakai has served as Johnson Sirleaf s vice president since her inauguration in 2006 but Johnson Sirleaf declined to endorse him and he distanced himself from the last administration. The election commission was expected on Monday to hear the challenge to the first round results brought by the Liberty Party of third-place candidate Charles Brumskine with the backing of Unity Party and the All Liberian Party of businessman Benoni Urey. ",1
16103,"France, keen to avoid student anger, plans 1-billion euro university reform","PARIS (Reuters) - France announced a one-billion-euro plan for universities on Monday, promising to offer more places on popular courses, cut drop-out rates and build more accommodation, in a bid to assuage the concerns of politically powerful students. President Emmanuel Macron s government has already faced down street protests over labour reform and risks more industrial action over plans to reform the pension and unemployment insurance systems. It wants to avoid confrontation with students who have forced past governments into policy u-turns with protracted rallies. The government said the 1 billion euros ($1.16 billion) will be spent over the five years of Macron s term in office.  Students in France who pass high school exams have the right to go to university in their home area. But this has led to popular subjects such as law and psychology being heavily oversubscribed and prompted the introduction of an unpopular lottery system where demand is highest. That lottery system will now be scrapped and the most pressed universities will be allowed to select students on merit. The proposal stops short of a blanket UK-style selection system that student unions had opposed.  France s biggest student union, the moderate Fage, welcomed the plan. Two other unions, including the left-wing Unef, the second largest, were critical. Unef has said it will join CGT-led protests against government reforms on Nov.16 and urged students to  make their voice heard  against the education reform.     Jean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the far-left France Unbowed party, has also urged students to mobilise after his early attempts to get workers onto the streets against the easing of unemployment laws failed. Macron  has got the advantage for now, let s not hide it,  Melenchon told franceinfo radio.  If youths got moving, things would be different, but it s not the case for now.  The reforms also include 60,000 new student housing units over the next five years and promise to scrap student s social security contributions and increase tutoring. Only 40 percent of students complete the first year of university, the government said.  Our aim is to ensure equal opportunities,  said University Minister Frederique Vidal.  We want to make university more accessible by accompanying students, in all their diversity.  ",1
16104,Brazil's Meirelles jokes about a vice presidential candidacy,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles insisted on Monday that he is not planning to run for president and told a business meeting he could consider being a vice presidential running mate. But he later told reporters that it was just a joke and he was too busy working on the recovery of the Brazilian economy as minister to consider the presidential race next October. Meirelles, whose political fortunes are expected to rise as the Brazilian economy recovers from its worst recession, said he had been asked to be a vice presidential candidate in 2010 and 2014 and found the position  interesting.  Meirelles said he expected Brazil s GDP to grow at least 2 percent next year and the strengthening economy had created more than 1 million jobs so far this year. Inflation slowing to below bottom-end of the official target range will allow the central bank room to cut interest rates further, Meirelles added. If Brazil s Congress fails to approve the reform of the pension system proposed by the government, the task will be the first challenge of the next president who will take office Jan 1, 2019. ",1
16105,China warns against attempts to contain Beijing before Trump visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China s ambassador to Washington said on Monday U.S. President Donald Trump s state visit to Beijing next week was a historic opportunity to boost cooperation between the world s two largest economies, but warned against attempts to  contain  Beijing. Cui Tiankai also stressed the urgency of efforts to find a negotiated solution to the crisis over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs and warned of a  more dangerous  situation if  tensions between the United States and Pyongyang continued. Cui sought to play down differences over China s massive trade surplus with the United States, saying Beijing was looking for ways to cut this and he was confident of  significant outcomes  from Trump s Nov. 8-9 visit on the trade and economic fronts. Speaking after senior U.S. officials, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, outlined an Asia-Pacific strategy involving greater cooperation between Japan, India, and Australia in the face of China s rise, Cui said relationships should not be seen as a  zero-sum game  at the expense of another county.  I don t think it will really serve the interests of these countries if their aim is to sort of contain China ... I don t think anybody would be able to contain China,  he said. Cui said Washington should not try to  interfere  in regional efforts to resolve disputes in the South China Sea, a vital strategic waterway that China claims, most of which is contested by several Asian countries.  Maybe it would be better for the U.S. to let the regional countries ... find a way a way of managing the situation.   Cui was asked about a call on Friday by a senior U.S. State Department official for revival of four-way dialogue between the United States, Japan, India and Australia to deepen security cooperation and coordinate alternatives for regional infrastructure financing to  predatory  Chinese options.  I don t think any attempts to form exclusive clubs in the region ... would help anybody,  he said.  When people are saying these things about China, they might just look into the mirror...it might be describing themselves.  Despite the cautionary words, Cui said he was sure the summit between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping would be successful, following on from their first meeting in Florida in April.  This is a historic opportunity,  he said. Cui reiterated China s call for Washington to return to talks, while stressing Beijing s willingness to step up pressure on Pyongyang through U.N. sanctions.  We are ready to take up more cost and make greater efforts if there are more Security Council resolutions  he said. ",1
16106,"Senior Tanzania ruling party MP quits, cites democracy concerns","DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - A senior Tanzanian politician quit the ruling party on Monday complaining of human rights abuses and a weakening of democracy in the east African nation, in a move political analysts said could trigger a wave of defections to opposition parties. Since taking office in late 2015, President John Magufuli has introduced sweeping reforms, including as an anti-corruption drive that has won him some praise from Western donors. But his administration is also increasingly being accused by his opponents of undermining democracy by curbing dissent and stifling free speech, including banning newspapers. On Monday, Lazaro Nyalandu, who once served as a cabinet minister and has been a member of parliament for the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) party for 17 years, said he was  deeply concerned  by human rights abuses and the direction of the economy.  It is evident that CCM has lost its way judging from the current political climate, leadership and economic trajectory in Tanzania,  Nyalandu said in a statement.  I have decided to resign from my position as a member of the CCM national executive committee and all other leadership positions in the party effective from today.  Nyalandu said he had also submitted his resignation as a member of parliament. The veteran politician was among more than a dozen candidates who sought the ruling party s presidential nomination in 2015 but was defeated by Magufuli. Bashiru Ally, a Dar es Salaam-based political analyst, said Magufuli s reforms could prompt further defections from the ruling party but said the opposition was poorly placed to benefit from such a trend.  Opposition parties are overly dependent on personalities who defect from CCM,  he told Reuters.  (But) they can only make temporary gains from such defections. They are not institutionalised and lack mass grassroots mobilization strategies.  CCM, which has been in power since Tanzania gained independence from Britain in 1961, has seen its support among young urban voters decline in previous elections, but opposition parties are too fragmented to oust it from power, analysts said. ",1
16107,UK's Johnson says 1917 Jewish homeland declaration terms 'not fully realized',"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday that a key proviso of a 100-year old British declaration which laid the foundations for Israel had not been fully met, striking a sympathetic tone towards the Palestinians. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is due to travel to Britain on Thursday to meet his British counterpart Theresa May and Johnson for the anniversary of the Balfour declaration which said Britain viewed with favor  the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people .  Palestinians have long condemned the declaration - named after Arthur Balfour, then the British foreign secretary - as a promise by Britain to hand over land that it did not own. In an article written for the Daily Telegraph newspaper ahead of Netanyahu s visit, Johnson described himself as a  friend of Israel , but also said he was  deeply moved by the suffering of those affected and dislodged by its birth.   The vital caveat in the Balfour Declaration - intended to safeguard other communities - has not been fully realized,  he said referring to the clause in the document which said nothing should prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities. May met Netanyahu earlier this year to talk about boosting trade after Brexit, but also raised the diplomatic sore point of Israeli settlements in occupied lands on which the Palestinians hope to create an independent state. Johnson also made reference to the settlement issue in his article, saying that a two state solution must include a viable and contiguous Palestinian state alongside a  secure Israel , and proposed seeking a peace agreement based on 1967 borders with mutual territorial swaps. A similar call in 2011 by then-U.S. president Barack Obama drew a blunt rebuke from Netanyahu, who said Israel would never pull back to its 1967 borders - something which would mean big concessions of occupied land. Netanyahu contends this would leave Israel with indefensible borders. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called on Britain last year to apologize for the Balfour Declaration, saying that his people had suffered greatly as a result of it. Earlier this year Britain said it there would be no apology for the declaration, and said it continued to work for an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal. Britain does not classify Palestine as a state, but says it could do so at any time if it believed it would help peace efforts between the Palestinians and Israel. ",1
16108,"Putin opens monument to Stalin's victims, dissidents cry foul","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin inaugurated a monument to the victims of Stalinist purges on Monday, but Soviet-era dissidents accused him of cynicism at a time when they say authorities are riding roughshod over civil freedoms.  The Wall of Grief  occupies a space on the edge of Moscow s busy 10-lane ring road and depicts a mass of faceless victims, many of whom were sent to prison camps or executed on Josef Stalin s watch after falsely being accused of being  enemies of the people.  Nearly 700,000 people were executed during the Great Terror of 1937-38, according to conservative official estimates.    An unequivocal and clear assessment of the repression will help to prevent it being repeated,  Putin said at the opening ceremony.  This terrible past must not be erased from our national memory and cannot be justified by anything.  His words and the ceremony amounted to one of his strongest condemnations of the Soviet Union s dark side in the 18 years  he has dominated Russia s political landscape.    Putin has in the past called Stalin  a complex figure  and said attempts to demonise him were a ploy to attack Russia. But at Monday s ceremony, he said there were lessons for Russia.  It doesn t mean demanding accounts be settled,  said Putin, who stressed a need for stability.  We must never again push society to the dangerous precipice of division.  Putin s carefully balanced words reflect Kremlin unease over this year s centenary of the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution, which paved the way for Stalin s rise. Uncomfortable about promoting discussion of the idea of governments being overthrown by force, the Kremlin is not organizing any commemorative events. Putin, who is expected to run for and win the presidency again in March, told human rights activists earlier on Monday that he hoped the centenary would allow society to draw a line under the tumultuous events of 1917 and to accept Russia s history -  with great victories and tragic pages . Yet some historians fret that what they say is Putin s ambiguity about Stalin along with Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea have emboldened Stalin s admirers.  Monuments and memorial plaques honoring Stalin have sprung up in different Russian regions. State-approved textbooks have softened his image, and an opinion poll in June crowned him the country s most outstanding historical figure. By contrast, those who have helped document Stalin s crimes, from the Memorial human rights group to individual historians and journalists, have sometimes felt themselves under pressure from the authorities.  A group of Soviet-era dissidents published a letter on Monday, accusing Putin of cynicism.  We ... consider the opening in Moscow of a monument to victims of political repression untimely and cynical,   they said in the letter, published on the Kasparov.ru news portal.  It s impossible to take part in memorial events organized by the authorities who say they are sorry about victims of the Soviet regime, but in practice continue political repression and crush civil freedoms.   ",1
16109,Austrian coalition talks begin in earnest with hunt for savings,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Coalition talks between Austrian conservative Sebastian Kurz s party and the far-right Freedom Party began in earnest on Monday as they combed through the nation s finances in search of billions in savings to fund planned tax cuts. Kurz, who is just 31, needs a coalition partner to form a stable government since his People s Party won this month s parliamentary election but fell well short of a majority. He started coalition talks with the third-placed Freedom Party last week. Although both parties  similarly hard lines on immigration dominated the campaign, they have also promised billions in tax cuts and said much of the funding will come from greater efficiency in Austria s administration, which includes a generous welfare state. Having laid out a roadmap for negotiations at their first round of talks on Wednesday, an overview of the country s finances was the main order of business at their second meeting, on Monday.  What we can say today is that there is a significant potential for greater efficiency and that of course we will sound out in the coming days what can be done politically,  Elisabeth Koestinger, chairwoman of Kurz s party and part of his negotiating team, told a news conference after Monday s talks. Neither she nor the Freedom Party s envoy to the joint news conference would be drawn on where those savings would be found.  We did not find any holes,  the Freedom Party s deputy leader, Norbert Hofer, who came close to winning last year s presidential election, told the news conference.  The issue will be better administering this state, reducing loss-causing inefficiencies and then making this released potential available through (tax) relief,  he added. Talks in the 10-person group that includes Kurz and Strache will continue through the week and negotiations in 20 more specialized groups will begin on Tuesday, Koestinger said.  We had a rough overview (of the public finances) from civil servants in the Finance Ministry and we will go into more detail in the coming days,  Koestinger said. Little of substance has emerged from the talks so far. Kurz has said he hopes a deal can be reached before Christmas, and the atmosphere has appeared to be good. Freedom Party leader Heinz-Christian Strache said last week the talks made a  very, very good start . Kurz said on Wednesday that he and Strache, 48, address each other with the informal German  du . Strache told tabloid daily Kronen Zeitung the same day that they are on first-name terms, adding:  He calls me HC.  ",1
16110,British government extends Northern Ireland talks deadline,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The British government on Monday extended by 24 hours a deadline for Northern Ireland s political parties to re-establish a devolved regional executive and avoid London setting the region s annual budget for the first time in a decade.  The pro-British Democratic Unionist Party and the Irish nationalist Sinn Fein party made progress in talks on Monday and they will continue talking on Tuesday, the British government s minister for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire said.   In the light of this, I believe it is right to defer the assessment on whether to introduce legislation to Parliament this week to enable an executive to be formed,  Brokenshire said in a statement.  The parties will recommence talks in the morning and I will reassess the position tomorrow night,  he said, adding that the British government would consider  certain additional requests  made by the parties.        Brokenshire had earlier indicated that if there was no deal by the end of Monday it would move to pass an annual budget for the region to ensure essential services are funded.  A budget set by the British government would be a major step towards direct rule from London for the first time in a decade, which observers have warned could destabilize a delicate political balance in the region.  The DUP and Sinn Fein have shared power for the past decade in a system created following a 1998 peace deal which ended three decades of violence in the province. But Sinn Fein in January pulled out complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner.  Talks between Sinn Fein and the DUP have stalled in recent weeks, in large part over proposals to improve the rights of Irish language speakers. Ahead of the talks, Sinn Fein regional assembly member Conor Murphy said the government could only be reformed  on the basis of equality, rights and respect , which would require concessions from the DUP.   While the DUP also said it wanted to see the executive re-established, ahead of the talks it called for London to bring forward the budget  to bring a measure of good government to Northern Ireland . Neither party spoke to assembled media on the state of the talks on Monday evening.  The outcome of talks was not expected to have an impact on the DUP s agreement to support British Prime Minister Theresa May s government in the British parliament. ",1
16111,Argentina's head prosecutor resigns under government pressure,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s top prosecutor quit on Monday under pressure from the government over accusations that she hampered corruption investigations into officials from the previous administration of President Cristina Fernandez.  Alejandra Gils Carbo, whose resignation will take effect on Dec. 31, was appointed chief prosecutor during populist Fernandez s second term and stayed in the post under business-oriented President Mauricio Macri. Macri, in office since late 2015, accused Gils Carbo of failing to bring corruption charges against members of Fernandez s cabinet. Gils Carbo is herself the focus of a corruption investigation cantering on her tenure as lead prosecutor. She has denied corruption allegations. At a press conference in July, Macri described Gils Carbo as a  political activist  who misused her power as attorney general.  After repeatedly calling for her resignation, Macri s government began a campaign for reforms that would allow for Gils Carbo s firing, which ultimately prompted her to step down. In her resignation letter, Gils Carbo told Macri she was concerned that his actions would end up hurting state institutions by  significantly affecting the autonomy of the public prosecutor s office.  Gils Carbo resigned one week after a powerful minister from the Fernandez era was arrested following a vote in Congress that stripped him of his parliamentary immunity in two corruption cases. The former minister, Julio De Vido, is the most powerful official from the Fernandez administration to be jailed. Macri s coalition was empowered by midterm elections on Oct. 22, and he has pledged more reforms. ",1
16112,"Bahrain convicts activist's family members, militant suspects","DUBAI (Reuters) - A Bahrain court sentenced three family members of a prominent activist to jail terms on weapons charges on Monday, rights group the Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy (BIRD) said and accused authorities of using torture to extract confessions. In a separate case, Bahrain s Public Prosecutor announced on Monday that it had sentenced 19 unnamed defendants to prison terms for contacts with a banned party it says is backed by Iran and involved in militant attacks. The cases underscore how authorities in the kingdom is cracking down on perceived threats nearly six years after pro-democracy protests inspired by the  Arab Spring  were quashed with help from Gulf Arab neighbors. Bahrain hosts the U.S. Fifth Fleet. Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei, BIRD s head of advocacy, said his relatives were convicted based on confessions gained by torture and said the court was persecuting the family for his activism. Alwadaei s mother-in-law Hajer Mansoor and brother-in-law Sayed Nizar Alwadaei were each sentenced to three years in jail for planting a  fake bomb,  BIRD said, while his cousin Mahmood Marzooq was sentenced to a month and half for obtaining a knife. Representatives of the Bahraini government did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Alwadaei, who is based in Britain, said he believed the case against his relatives was motivated by his human rights work and especially a protest last year in which he took part against the attendance of Bahrain s king at a royal horse show in Britain.  I was distraught to see my family suffer torture, persecution and interrogations about my activities ... I will not rest until they are freed,  Alwadaei said in a statement. Bahrain, which has a Shi ite Muslim majority population and is ruled by a Sunni royal family, denies clamping down on dissent. The government, citing years of deadly bombing and shooting attacks against its security forces, says it faces a militant threat backed by arch-foe Iran. According to the prosecutor, a court sentenced eight defendants to life terms, nine to 15 years and two for ten years for  conspiring with a foreign state and terrorist organisation working for its interests and receiving funds from it to carry out hostile acts and in order to harm national interests.  Fifteen of the defendants had their citizenship revoked. The group it cited was the Islamic Wafa Movement, a political party that is banned in Bahrain and which authorities accuse of receiving money and support from Iran. A leader in Wafa, Murtada al-Sanadi, an exiled Bahraini cleric who was named by the United States this year as a  specially designated global terrorist  and appears to be based in the Iranian city of Qom. ",1
16113,Detained Ethiopian opposition chief bailed two years after protests: party,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - An Ethiopian opposition leader was due to be released on bail almost two years after he was detained during mass protests over land rights, a member of his party said on Monday. Bekele Gerba, secretary general of the Oromo Federalist Congress, was arrested in December 2015 as activists stepped up demonstrations accusing the government of seizing their land and passing it on to firms and developers. Violence went on to spread across the Oromiya province that surrounds the capital Addis Ababa and is home to many foreign-owned businesses, drawn in by the government s industrialisation push. Bekele would walk free late Monday or early Tuesday after the high court granted him 30,000 birr ($1,110) bail, the party s current deputy leader, Mulatu Teshome, told Reuters. Bekele, who denies all wrongdoing, was initially charged with involvement in terrorism and collusion with the secessionist Oromo Liberation Front, which the government has branded a terrorist group. A court reduced those charges to inciting violence in August, but denied him bail then, as prosecutors said he would flee. Nearly 700 people died in one bout of unrest during months protests in 2015 and 2016, according to a parliament-mandated investigation.  Rallies over land rights then broadened into demonstrations over political restrictions and perceived rights abuses, including the incarceration of Bekele and his colleagues. The party s chairman Merera Gudina remains behind bars since his arrest in December last year on charges of colluding with an outlawed group. The violence has fueled fears about security in Ethiopia, the region s biggest economy and a staunch Western ally. Last week, at least five people were killed in a town of Ambo after police opened fire during a protest over sugar shortages. A week before that, ethnic clashes killed at least 11 people in the same region, while another bout of violence along Oromiya s border with the country s Somali region last month displaced hundreds of thousands of people. ",1
16114,Britain's May 'deeply concerned' over reports of sexual harassment in parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is deeply concerned by media reports about the alleged misconduct of staff in parliament and believes any unwanted sexual behavior is  completely unacceptable , her spokesman said on Monday.  She is deeply concerned at the recent media reports regarding the alleged mistreatment of staff by some members of parliament,  her spokesman told reporters.  She has been clear that any unwanted sexual behavior is completely unacceptable in any walk of life and she strongly believes it s important that those working in parliament are treated properly and fairly.  ",1
16115,Nigeria's Buhari sacks top civil servant after corruption probe,"ABUJA (Reuters) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday sacked Nigeria s most senior civil servant after an investigation into graft allegations, the highest profile casualty of the anti-corruption pledge that helped bring him to power. He ordered an investigation into Babachir Lawal, an ally and one of his first appointments, after lawmakers in a separate probe alleged that he inflated the value of contracts for humanitarian aid projects in parts of the northeast ravaged by Boko Haram as part of a suspected kickback scheme.    The president accepted the recommendation of the panel to terminate the appointment of Mr Lawal,  presidential spokesman Femi Adesina said in a statement.  Secretary to the government of the federation Lawal, who has denied wrongdoing, did not immediately respond to phone calls and a text message requesting a comment.     Buhari s two presidential spokesmen declined to comment on whether there were plans to prosecute Lawal.  The director general of the National Intelligence Agency (CIA), Ambassador Ayo Oke, was also sacked on Monday in connection with the discovery of large amounts of cash in foreign and local currencies by the financial crimes agency in a residential apartment in Lagos this year, Adesina said. The discovery of more than $43 million in cash was investigated by the same panel, led by the vice president, as had looked into Lawal, but any connection between the two cases has not been made clear. Both men were suspended in April. The NIA had insisted it was the owner of the money. The agency, Nigeria s equivalent of the CIA, could not be immediately reached for comment on Monday.      Buhari took office in May 2015 after winning an election largely on his promise to end the endemic corruption that has stunted development in Africa s biggest economy, but there have been no major convictions.      A number of former government officials have faced criminal charges related to alleged corruption since Buhari came to power. The opposition People s Democratic Party, in power for 16 years prior to Buhari taking office, has accused the president of focusing on its members. ",1
16116,UK parliament Speaker: there must be zero tolerance of sexual harassment,"LONDON (Reuters) - The Speaker of Britain s parliament said on Monday there must be zero tolerance of sexual harassment or bullying among lawmakers, their staff and anyone else within the parliamentary estate after media reports about alleged misconduct.  There must be zero tolerance of sexual harassment or bullying here at Westminster or elsewhere,  speaker John Bercow told parliament. Earlier, Theresa May s spokesman said the British prime minister was deeply concerned about the reports of sexual harassment by some lawmakers. ",1
16117,Kurdish parties opposed to Barzani report attacks on offices overnight,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish political parties opposed to regional leader Masoud Barzani reported attacks on their offices in several cities overnight, hours after Barzani announced his resignation, brought low by a failed push for independence. The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), the Movement for Change and Gorran said in separate statements several of their offices in the Duhok region, north of the Kurdish capital Erbil, were looted or burnt overnight. No casualties were reported. The semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq said it had ordered the local police forces, known as Asayish, to stop the attacks.  Barzani, 71, said on Sunday he would give up his position as president on Nov. 1 after an independence referendum he championed in northern Iraq backfired and triggered military and economic retaliation by the Iraqi government. The veteran guerrilla leader has run Iraq s Kurdish autonomous region since 2005, presiding with a firm hand as the region prospered while the rest of Iraq struggled in civil war. But he but has been brought low in recent weeks by his decision to push the independence vote, and his downfall has exposed deep fractures among the Kurds. Armed protesters supporting Barzani stormed parliament as it met on Sunday to approve his resignation. Opposition lawmakers who had been barricaded inside managed to leave later, according to their parties. The PUK, which has been the main rival of Barzani s Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP) for decades, supported his decision to hold the independence referendum, but half-heartedly. The reformist Gorran party opposed the vote, arguing that the timing was poor. In a televised speech announcing his plan to step down, Barzani said followers of his longterm rival, PUK founder Jalal Talabani who died in early October, had been guilty of  high treason  for handing over the oil city of Kirkuk to Iraqi forces without a fight two weeks ago. Kurdish fighters known as Peshmerga had held Kirkuk, one of Iraq s main oil centres, since 2014 when they seized it after government troops fled in the face of an advance by Islamic State. Although Kirkuk is outside the borders of the Kurdish autonomous region, Kurds consider it the heart of their homeland. This month, Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi ordered his forces to recapture it and all other disputed territory in retaliation after Barzani staged the independence referendum, which Baghdad considers illegal. The Iraqi body in charge of supervising media in Baghdad issued on Sunday a ban on two major Kurdish TV channels close to Barzani s KDP: Rudaw and Kurdistan 24. The Baghdad-based Communication and Media Commission accused the two networks of  inciting violence and hatred.   This is an assault on freedom of press and expression,  replied Erbil-based Kurdistan 24 s management in a letter to the International Federation of Journalists. Rudaw accused Iranian-backed Iraqi paramilitaries who are operating alongside government forces on Monday of killing a Kurdish journalist, Arkan Sharif, in the region of Kirkuk. While the Iraqi Kurds have mostly shown outward unity since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, they have a deep history of conflict between Barzani s KDP and Talabani s PUK, which fought each other in a civil war in the 1990s. The KDP is based mostly around Erbil, the regional capital, while the PUK draws its support mostly from Suleimaniya, the other main city in the region. The two political parties run separate units of Peshmerga, their former underground guerrilla armies that have since become the official security forces of the Kurdish autonomous region. After Saddam s fall, Barzani ran the Kurdish autonomous region while his rival Talabani served as ceremonial president of all of Iraq in Baghdad from 2005-2014. ",1
16118,Kenya president: dialogue with opposition must wait until court cases done,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Monday that he expects the opposition to challenge his victory in the Oct. 26 repeat presidential election in court and that any dialogue must wait until that process is done.  My victory today is just part of a process that is likely to once again be subjected to a constitutional test through our courts ... I will submit to this constitutional path regardless of the outcome,  Kenyatta said in his acceptance speech.   Those who are going to ask me:  Are you going to engage in dialogue?  ... Let them (the opposition) first and foremost exhaust all their constitutional options.   ",1
16119,Bahrain calls for freezing Qatar out of GCC,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain will not attend December s summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council if Qatar does not change its policies and Qatar should have its membership in the six-nation group suspended, Bahrain s foreign minister said. Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of financing terrorism. Doha denies the charges and says the boycott is an attempt to impinge on its sovereignty and rein in its support for reform.   If the situation remains as it is we won t attend this summit,  Khalid bin Ahmed Al Khalifa said on Twitter, referring to the GCC meeting in Kuwait.  The right step to preserve the GCC is to freeze Qatar s membership in the council,  he said. Founded as a bulwark against neighbours Iraq and Iran, the Western-backed GCC is a loose association of the six Gulf Arab countries.  Qatar has pursued policies aimed at the security of member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council ... Qatar has proved that it does not respect the charters, treaties and ties established by the GCC,  Saudi state TV channel quoted Bahrain s King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa as saying on Monday. Bahrain believes Qatar is fomenting unrest in the island kingdom by supporting protests and even sporadic shooting and bombing attacks aimed at security forces. In an interview with U.S. broadcaster CBS News broadcast on Sunday, Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said he wanted an end to the dispute and warned against any military escalation. ",1
16120,Saudi Arabia to extract uranium for 'self-sufficient' nuclear program,"ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia plans to extract uranium domestically as part of its nuclear power program and sees this as a step towards  self-sufficiency  in producing atomic fuel, a senior official said on Monday. Extracting its own uranium also makes sense from an economic point of view, said Hashim bin Abdullah Yamani, head of the Saudi government agency tasked with the nuclear plans, the King Abdullah City for Atomic and Renewable Energy (KACARE). In a speech at an international nuclear power conference in Abu Dhabi, he did not specify whether Saudi Arabia seeks to also enrich and reprocess uranium   steps in the fuel cycle which are especially sensitive as they can open up the possibility of military uses of the material. The world s top oil exporter says it wants to tap atomic power for peaceful purposes only in order to diversify its energy supply and will award a construction contract for its first two nuclear reactors by the end of 2018.  Regarding the production of uranium in the kingdom, this is a program which is our first step towards self-sufficiency in producing nuclear fuel,  Yamani told a conference organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).  We utilize the uranium ore that has been proven to be economically efficient.  Atomic reactors need uranium enriched to around 5 percent purity but the same technology in this process can also be used to enrich the heavy metal to higher, weapons-grade levels. This issue has been at the heart of Western and regional concerns about the nuclear work of Iran, Saudi Arabia s foe, and led to the 2015 deal in which Iran agreed to freeze the program for 15 years for sanctions relief. On Monday, IAEA chief Yukiya Amano said Iran was complying with the nuclear deal signed with world powers and which U.S. President Donald Trump has called into question. Under the agreement, Iran can enrich uranium to 3.67 percent purity, around the normal level needed for commercial power-generation. Saudi Arabia would be the second country in the Gulf Arab region to tap nuclear after the United Arab Emirates, which is set to start up its first, South Korean-built reactor in 2018. The UAE has committed not to enrich uranium itself and not to reprocess spent fuel. Industry sources have told Reuters Saudi Arabia is reaching out to potential vendors from South Korea, China, France, Russia, Japan and the United States for its first two reactors.  The plans have received extra momentum as part of Saudi Arabia s Vision 2030, an ambitious economic reform program launched last year by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Yamani said Saudi Arabia will soon pass laws for its nuclear program and will have set up all of the regulations for its nuclear regulator by the third quarter of 2018.   The IAEA also has been requested to conduct an integrated review of our nuclear infrastructure during the second quarter of 2018,  he said, which will allow the agency to assess efforts to prepare Saudi infrastructure  to introduce nuclear power for peaceful purposes.  Saudi Arabia is considering building some 17.6 gigawatts of nuclear capacity by 2032, the equivalent of about 17 reactors, making it one of the strongest prospects for an industry struggling after the 2011 nuclear disaster in Japan. Preliminary studies have estimated Saudi Arabia has around 60,000 tonnes of uranium ore, Maher al Odan, the chief atomic energy officer of KACARE said at an electricity forum in Riyadh on Oct 11.   ",1
16121,Danish submarine owner admits dismembering body of Swedish journalist: police,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish inventor Peter Madsen has admitted to dismembering Swedish journalist Kim Wall on board his submarine in August and dumping her body parts in the sea, but he still denies killing her, police said on Monday. The police said in a statement Madsen had told them in an Oct. 14 interrogation that Wall, 30, had died from carbon monoxide poisoning inside the submarine, while he was on the deck of the vessel. The police would now gather additional information from coroners and submarine experts from the Danish defense command. In past court hearings, Madsen said that Wall had died accidentally after being hit by a heavy hatch cover on his UC3 Nautilus submarine.   The police said they would now extend the charges against Madsen - which already include murder and mutilating Wall s body - to include sexual assault without intercourse, based on 14 interior and exterior stab wounds to the journalist s genitals.  Kim Wall had suffered 14 stabs in and around the genitals and it is due to these stabs that we have said that there must have been a sexual motive,  police spokesman Jens Moller Jensen told journalists in Copenhagen.  Madsen denies the murder and sexual assault charges. The cause of death was still unknown, said Jensen.  Wall, a freelance journalist who was researching a story on Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in the 17-metre (56-foot) submarine in August. On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. Wall s arms as well as her and Madsen s mobile phones are still missing and the police are currently assessing if divers should continue the search for them.  Earlier this month, police said they had also recovered Wall s head and legs. They said they found no skull fracture, despite Madsen s earlier account that she had been hit on the head by the hatch cover.  The submarine is one of three that Madsen built, and one of the largest of its kind privately produced in the world. It could carry eight people and weighed 40 tonnes fully equipped.  The case has been scheduled to run for eight days at Copenhagen s district court from March 8 2018. ",1
16122,"Trump, Japan's Abe agree to work together on North Korea before Asia visit","TOKYO (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed to work together on steps to counter North Korea s nuclear and missile development, ahead of the U.S. leader s visit to Asia, the Japanese government said late on Monday. In a 20-minute phone call, Trump and Abe discussed the schedule of the president s coming visit, which includes a Nov. 5-7 stop in Japan, and agreed to remain in close contact over North Korea, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura told reporters. Trump told Abe  he is looking forward to his visit to Japan, that Japan and America are 100 percent together and there is no room to doubt the Japan-U.S. alliance,  Nishimura said.   They agreed to deepen their discussions on the North Korean situation and other matters  during Trump s visit, he said. ",1
16123,Russian teenager handed jail sentence in Norway explosives case,"OSLO (Reuters) - A Norwegian court sentenced a 17-year-old Russian citizen to nine months in jail on Monday for making a small explosive device and bringing it to the center of Oslo in April. Prosecutors had sought a two-year sentence for the teenager, saying he had frequented Islamist websites, become radicalised and possessed images of Islamic State members killing prisonners.  The teenager, who denied any wrongdoing, said he had been planning to detonate the device in a forest near his home. The device was placed in central Oslo on a busy Saturday night in April, one day after a truck attack in Stockholm in neighboring Sweden killed five people.   The Oslo police bomb squad said the device was about 30 cm (1 ft) across and appeared capable of causing only a small amount of damage.[L8N1HH0LT] Soon after the discovery of the device, Norwegian police raised the country s security threat level. The teenager has lived in Norway since 2010 and has previously applied for asylum. The status of that application was not immediately clear.  In 2011, far-right mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik set off a car bomb in Oslo that killed eight people and destroyed Norway s government headquarters, before going on a shooting rampage, killing 69 people at nearby Utoeya island. ",1
16124,U.S. urges cooperation after Kurdish leader's resignation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday urged Iraq s federal government and Kurdish Regional Government institutions to resolve their disagreements after Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani said he would resign later this week.  We call on all Kurdish parties to support the KRG as it works to resolve pending issues over the remainder of its term and prepare for elections in 2018,  U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement commending Barzani s decision. It urged Iraq and the KRG  to work urgently to resolve pending issues under the Iraqi constitution.  The statement appeared to reflect a U.S. belief that the departure of Barzani, whose Sept. 25 independence referendum is widely seen has having backfired, may make it easier for the two main Kurdish factions to work together and to negotiate with the federal government led by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. In the statement, Nauert stressed a U.S. desire to work with KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani, Masoud Barzani s nephew and a fellow member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) faction, and with Deputy Prime Minister Qubad Talabani, a member of the other faction, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK).  A strong KRG within a  unified and federal Iraq is essential to its long-term stability and to the enduring defeat of ISIS,  she said, referring to the Islamic State militant group, whose destruction is a major U.S. policy objective in the region.  Disputes between the KRG and the Baghdad federal government range from the perennial tussle over how to share oil revenues to the control of territory and border crossings. Suggesting that Barzani s departure may yield greater Kurdish unity and improve the odds of a resolution with Baghdad, a U.S. official said:  We can t allow this tension to continue. They have to be able to find a way to live together. Now is the time to get them to sit down and try to work things out.  ",1
16125,Saudi Arabia to let women enter sports stadiums in 2018,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia will for the first time allow women to attend sports events, preparing special sections in three selected stadiums from early next year in another step toward opening public spaces to women. The stadiums in Jeddah, Dammam and Riyadh will be set up to accommodate families from early 2018, said the statement from the General Sports Authority, carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency late on Sunday. Last month Saudi Arabia announced that, from June, women would be allowed to drive cars, ending the world s only ban on female driving. An economic and social reform program led by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman aims to open up cloistered lifestyles, shaped in part by a strict, conservative version of Sunni Islam that limits the role of women. Prince Mohammed also seeks to diversify the economy away from oil as part of his proposed reforms. The crown prince will be the first Saudi leader since 1953 to hail from a new generation when he inherits the throne; his father Salman is the sixth brother in a row to serve as king. The kingdom adheres to an austere Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam, which bans gender mixing, concerts and cinemas. Women are required to receive permission from a male guardian to obtain passports or leave the country. Some of the social aspects of the reforms have been criticised by some clerics and Saudis on social media. Saudi authorities are also starting to reform areas once the exclusive domain of the clergy, such as education, courts and the law, and have promoted elements of national identity that have no religious component or pre-date Islam. Prince Mohammed told businessmen and reporters at a major investment forum last week that the country would cleave to a more open and tolerant interpretation of Islam. ",1
16126,Kenyan President Kenyatta wins 98 percent of vote in repeat election,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won 98 percent of the vote in a repeated election in which an opposition boycott helped lower turnout to 39 percent, the electoral commission said on Monday. The announcement touched off small protests in a few opposition strongholds but also celebrations in pro-Kenyatta areas. Veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga said the Oct. 26 election was a farce. Civil society groups also cited problems with the vote. The violence has for the most part seen protesters clash with police but some Kenyans fear it is starting to take on ethnic overtones after two deaths in clashes between rival groups at the weekend. At least 66 people have died in overall election violence. On Monday, the U.S. ambassador said Washington was  profoundly concerned  by the outbreaks of violence since the re-run. Kenya is east Africa s richest economy and a key security ally of the West against militant Islam. It also a key regional trade, logistics and trade hub. In his victory speech, Kenyatta repeated his belief that his victory in the original Aug. 8 election was legitimate and said dialogue would have to wait if the opposition was going to lodge court cases again. The Supreme Court nullified the Aug. 8 vote on procedural grounds.  My victory today is just part of a process that is likely to once again be subjected to a constitutional test through our courts ... I will submit to this constitutional path regardless of the outcome,  Kenyatta said.   Those who are going to ask me:  Are you going to engage in dialogue?  ... Let them (the opposition) first and foremost exhaust all their constitutional options.   Kenyatta took 98 percent of the vote, results from 266 out of 291 constituencies showed. The electoral commission said 7,616,217 valid votes were cast, representing 39 percent of the 19.6 million registered voters.  Protests by Odinga s supporters prevented polling stations from opening in 25 constituencies.  The election commission said poor security prevented voting in those areas but the final announcement could go ahead as it would not  materially affect  the result.  In the pro-Kenyatta area of Dagoretti North in Nairobi, cars honked and crowds of supporters in red T-shirts ran through the streets.   I m so happy the president has got his seat back,  said Peterson Njau.  Now the economy is going to lift up again.   Another resident, Kennedy Okeyo, said he cared more about football than politics but that ethnic clashes in his home this weekend had unnerved him.   You can t get to work, and even if you get to work, you can get attacked because of who you are,  he said.  But just down the road in Nairobi s Kawangware slum, around 100 youths listening to the results on mobile phones chanted  No Raila No Peace . They lit a bonfire in the middle of the street and began taunting riot police with cries of  the people want teargas .  Earlier, police dispersed protesters there with teargas when they tried to block a visit by Interior Minister Fred Matiang i. Another Nairobi shanty town, Mathare, the scene of deadly clashes between police and protesters immediately after the August vote, was largely calm although a handful of protesters lit a small fire.  And in the western city of Kisumu, Odinga s political heartland, around 50 youths began to block the road at the Kondele roundabout, the epicenter of protests, while others banged metal poles together. But the protest was small.   What can I do? They ve already announced it. Even if I burn tires, nothing will change,  said 25-year-old laborer Kennedy Omondi as he watched young men set a barricade alight.  Odinga pulled out of last week s vote, saying the electoral commission had failed to institute reforms to forestall the kind of  illegalities and irregularities  that scuppered Kenyatta s victory in the August election.  Kura Yangu Sauti Yangu, a coalition of civil society organizations with 2,000 election observers, said there were  multiple  cases where results from polling stations differed from results on the forms posted on the election portal after last week s vote.  In a report, they supplied a photo taken by their observers of the tally sheet for Bashaal market center in Garissa. It showed 133 votes for Kenyatta while the form displayed online showed 433 votes. Another form posted on the election website, from Tumbeni primary school in Kakamega, showed four votes for Odinga and two for another minor candidate but recorded the total number of votes cast was 77 votes cast.  ",1
16127,"Russian-backed Syria congress may happen next month, focus on constitution: RIA","MOSCOW/ASTANA (Reuters) - A Moscow-backed congress of all Syria s ethnic groups may take place in Russia and begin working on a new constitution as early as next month, the news agency RIA reported on Monday, citing a source familiar with the situation. The congress, which President Vladimir Putin first mentioned earlier this month, may take place in mid-November at Russia s  Black Sea resort of Sochi, RIA said. The idea of a congress had United Nations backing, a senior Russian negotiator on Syria said. Russia s Hmeymim air base in Syria also might be used, he added.  This matter is still being discussed,  Alexander Lavrentyev, the head of the Russian delegation at Syria talks in Kazakhstan, told reporters between meetings with diplomats from Turkey and Iran.  As you know (U.N. Special Representative on Syria Staffan) de Mistura has in principle supported the idea of holding the congress,  Lavrentyev said.  Although he had some reservations, he supported this initiative of Russia.  Lavrentyev said the congress would focus on seeking  compromise solutions towards the political settlement  of the Syrian conflict. Russia, Turkey and Iran are holding the seventh round of talks on Syria - which are separate from the U.N.-sponsored Geneva process - in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, this week. ",1
16128,Catalonia's Puigdemont to see lawyers in Brussels: VRT media,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The former head of Catalonia is on his way to Brussels to see lawyers, Belgian state broadcaster VRT said on Monday.  Carles Puigdemont is almost certainly coming to Brussels and is said to be on the way,  VRT said on its website.  Puigdemont will meet lawyers and political representatives here.    ",1
16129,"Kenya's repeat presidential poll was free, fair: commission","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s repeat presidential poll was free and fair, the election commission said on Monday, despite opposition complaints over the vote that led to it boycotting the process.  I m satisfied that we were able to meet these conditions that have enabled the commission to deliver ... a free, fair and credible election,  Wafula Chebukati, chairman of the commission, said. ",1
16130,"Second woman enters Russian presidential race, campaigning for single mothers","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A journalist became the second woman to enter Russia s presidential race, saying on Monday she wanted to use the election to campaign for the rights of single mothers and children. The presidential election takes place in March next year. President Vladimir Putin is expected to stand and win, but has yet to confirm his plans. Some opposition activists believe the Kremlin s aim is to crown the field with candidates designed to distract and entertain in order to boost turnout and divide the liberal opposition.  The Kremlin denies that, saying anyone who meets the legal criteria to run can take part. On Monday, mother-of-two Ekaterina Gordon, 37, who has worked as a TV and radio talk show host, said she was putting herself forward as an independent presidential candidate. She said she had never voted, but had become disillusioned by both the liberal opposition and pro-Kremlin politicians.  I understood that everyone is fed from the same trough,  Gordon said in an online video.  There are many populist themes ... But there is one reality - we are a country of single mothers, and no one gives a damn about them.  She said she had not agreed her candidacy with the Kremlin and had experience of the kind of problems Russian woman faced due to her ownership of a law firm. Another female candidate, Russian TV personality Ksenia Sobchak, said earlier this month she planned to run for president, offering liberal voters unhappy with Putin s rule someone to back, though she, like Gordon, has little prospect of winning. Post-Soviet Russia has never had a female president.   Kremlin critic and opposition leader Alexei Navalny wants to run too, but Russia s central election commission has declared him ineligible due to a suspended prison sentence, which he says was politically-motivated.   ",1
16131,Dutch begin trial over 1970s Ethiopian war crimes,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A man faced war crimes charges at a Dutch court on Monday accused of the incarceration, torture and murder of opponents of former Ethiopian leader Mengistu Haile Mariam in the 1970s.  As Mengistu s representative in the Ethiopian province of Gojjam, Eshetu Alemu is accused of ordering the killing of 75 young prisoners in 1978 and of being responsible for the incarceration and inhumane treatment of more than 200 people. The 63-year-old was born in Ethiopia and came to the Netherlands as an asylum seeker in 1990. He pleaded not guilty on Monday, stating that the prosecutors are accusing the wrong man. An Ethiopian court sentenced the defendant to death, in absentia, in 2007 for his role in what was called the  red terror , which the communist military junta of Mengistu conducted after the ousting of the Ethiopian emperor, Haile Selassie, in 1974, the national prosecutor s office said in a statement. The Ethiopian sentence, however, cannot be carried out in the Netherlands because it does not accept the death penalty, making a new trial the best option to hold him to account, prosecutors said.  The trial, which is based on an investigation by the International Crimes Team of the Dutch national police, is being heard at a Dutch domestic court in The Hague, rather than one of the international tribunals that sit in the city.      The court will this week question the defendant, who has been held in custody in the Netherlands since 2015, and will hear statements from victims - Ethiopians living abroad. It is not yet known when the court will reach a verdict. Mengistu was found guilty in absentia of genocide in the same trial in Ethiopia in 2007 after he and top members of his military government were accused of killing thousands during his 17-year rule.  Mengistu was ousted in 1991 and fled to Zimbabwe, where he still lives. ",1
16132,Technicolor Thailand is back after a black-clad mourning year for late king,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand officially ended a year of mourning for its late King Bhumibol Adulyadej on Monday, marking a return to colors for some after a monotone year during which many wore black from head-to-toe out of respect for their revered monarch. Hundreds of thousands of people thronged Bangkok s historic quarter to bid farewell last week to King Bhumibol, who died in October 2016. His $90 million-dollar funeral, full of pomp and ancient ritual, took place over five days. His remains were brought to their final resting place within Bangkok s Grand Palace on Sunday. Portraits of the bespectacled late king, who became a father figure for many during a seven-decade reign, were hung across Thailand. The black-and-white funeral bunting that had hung on the gates of Bangkok s Government House for a year was taken down on Monday and Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha made a televised announcement to mark the official end of the mourning period.  The government would like to thank officials, both soldiers and civilians ... and the more than 10 million Thais who came to pay respects to the royal body over the past year,  Prayuth said. May Kanokwattana, 29, an office worker, wore bright yellow as she waited at the Siam BTS, a major Bangkok transport interchange.  I wore black for one year. I needed to show my sorrow. Today is the first day I am wearing a different color,  May told Reuters. She also wore a pin with the Thai number nine out of respect for King Bhumibol, who was also known as the ninth king of the Chakri Dynasty. Colors have a profound meaning for Thais. Astrological rules followed by many in the Southeast Asian nation assign a color to each day of the week. King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, a day associated with the color yellow. His only son, new King Maha Vajiralongkorn, was also born on a Monday. Some people shared charts on social media showing which colors would be considered luckiest to wear.  For confidence, health and power wear orange. For good support wear pale green,  said one chart. Pattinya Mankongwongcharoen, 49, an accountant wearing a peach-colored dress, said:  I won t continue wearing black because the mourning period is officially over and to do so would be disrespectful.  Others said they would continue to wear muted colors.  I m still grieving. I ll wear black or gray for a few more weeks,  said Pimsuda Chatree, 37, a shop owner. ",1
16133,"Exclusive: Koran, boots and scarves all that remain in Philippine rebel leader's lair","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Prayer mats, chequered scarves, black fatigues, and bullet-ridden walls mark the hideout where the  emir  of Islamic State in Southeast Asia spent months preparing the most brazen and devastating militant attack in the region. A four-storey house in a quiet alley of Marawi City in the southern Philippines was the secret lair of Isnilon Hapilon until late May. After a botched military raid to apprehend him, a thousand-strong rebel alliance held large parts of the city for five months. Hapilon s death in a military operation elsewhere in Marawi on Oct. 16 was the catalyst for the end of Philippines  longest and most intense urban battle in recent history.   Security forces moved in on the house on May 23, trying to capture the country s most wanted man, but came under sustained attack from rebels firing rocket-propelled grenades.  A bomb-battered structure, shattered windows and wall-to-wall holes from machine gun fire tell the story of the ferociousthree-day battle that erupted at Hapilon s hideout, and promptedthe call to hundreds of fighters to expedite the plannedtakeover of Marawi. Hapilon escaped through a large hole that was blasted out of a rear wall, making his way across a rice field to a mosque next to the vast Lake Lanao. From there, he joined the guerrillas. Community volunteers on Thursday showed Reuters the house in the now empty, narrow street where the military believes Hapilon had lain low for several months. All other properties were intact and neighbors had fled long ago.  At the time, no one knew who these people were. People saw them about but there was no reason to suspect anything,  said Mohammed Seddick Raki, who lived nearby. Other volunteers said women and children stayed at the rented house and visitors were frequent. Children s shoes were scattered amid the debris and a woman s robe was hanging from a window. Inside the house, black shirts, pants and plaid scarves synonymous with Islamic State were strewn across rooms littered with broken floor tiles and chunks of rock from blasted walls. Left behind were waterproof boots, a balaclava, medical supplies and camouflage bags and waistcoats typically used by soldiers to carry rifle magazines. Coated in a think layer of dust on floors of every room were pocket-sized copies of the Koran, some with pages stained by water leaked through gaping holes in the roof. A mosque, about 100 meters behind the house, was the venue for an annual gathering in Marawi of Tablighi Jamaat, a Sunni missionary movement, just days before the fighting erupted. Military officials say the foreigners who fought in Hapilon s alliance - among them Indonesians, Malaysians and some from Arab states - had used that event as a cover to slip into Marawi without raising suspicion.  The deputy task force commander in Marawi, Colonel Romeo Brawner, said Hapilon evaded security forces because rebels had a network of lookouts and gunmen ready to defend him.  They put up heavy resistance. They were spread across a large area. They were strategically placed,  he said.  They were prepared for it.  Hapilon s escape in the last week of May led to anarchy in the city of about 200,000. Rebels took hostages, set fire to buildings, ransacked churches, broke into the local jail to free inmates and looted an armory. The government had insufficient security forces in Marawi to prevent the fighters from fanning out across the city and seizing hundreds of buildings.  Hapilon was wanted by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and had a bounty on his head of up to $5 million. He was killed by army rangers in a night operation and his body was retrieved from the battle zone in the heart of the city. His identity was confirmed by the FBI s DNA analysis. The city of Marawi was all but destroyed by government air strikes and shelling that leveled commercial areas and crushed thousands of shops, homes and vehicles.    No one could have known what would happen,  said Mohamed Faisal Mama, a resident in the same Basak Malutlot district where Hapilon was hiding.  No one knew them. They weren t famous then.  ",1
16134,Catalan pro-independence party PdeCat says will take part in December 21 election,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan pro-independence party PdeCat (Catalan Democratic Party)said on Monday it will take part in a snap regional elections on Dec.21, a tacit admission that Catalonia s previous ruling party had been fired and parliament dissolved. Earlier, another Catalan pro-independence party, Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (ERC), also said it would participate in the elections. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked the regional government, dissolved parliament and called a snap election on Friday after Catalonia leaders made a unilateral declaration of independence. ",1
16135,"Puigdemont, other sacked Catalan leaders in Brussels: media","MADRID (Reuters) - The former head of Catalonia and other sacked members of the region s government are in Brussels, where they will make a declaration on Monday afternoon, newspaper La Vanguardia said. Other Barcelona-based paper El Periodico had earlier said Puigdemont was in the Belgian capital, without giving any further detail. ",1
16136,Kuwait's ruler accepts cabinet resignation: state news agency,"KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait s ruling emir accepted the resignation of the prime minister and his cabinet on Monday, state news agency KUNA reported, asking them to continue important duties until a new cabinet is sworn in. Prime Minister Sheikh Jaber Mubarak al-Sabah tendered his resignation earlier on Monday to the Emir, Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, who has the final say in state matters. Local media, quoting members of parliament, said a cabinet shakeup had been expected. Lawmakers were preparing this week to discuss a no-confidence vote in Information Minister Sheikh Mohammed al-Sabah after he was questioned over violations of budgetary and legislative rules, Kuwait Times said in a report. The major oil producer has the oldest legislature among the Gulf Arab states and experiences frequent cabinet reshuffles. The latest government was formed in February. ",1
16137,Suspected Boko Haram raid kills at least 10 in Cameroon village,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants killed at least 10 villagers in northern Cameroon on Sunday night in what army and local officials said was revenge for attacks by Cameroon s army.  Cameroon s semi-arid Far North region has been a target of Boko Haram suicide bombings and raids for eight years as the Islamist insurgency spilled over the border from Nigeria, killing 20,000 and uprooting nearly 3 million in the Lake Chad region. Cameroon forces have tried to beat back insurgents but have struggled to stop unpredictable attacks that have been the hallmark of Boko Haram s bid to carve out an Islamic state.   A senior army source said the attackers came to the village of Gouderi at 11 p.m. on Sunday and killed 11 people. Two local officials told Reuters by phone that  about 10  had been killed.   It looks like revenge because the army killed Boko Haram members in this village and forced others to retreat to Nigeria,  the army source said.  ",1
16138,Catalan pro-independence party says will take part in December 21 election,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan pro-independence party Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (ERC) will take part in a snap regional election Dec. 21, it said on Monday, in a tactic admission that the previous ruling party in Catalonia had been fired and parliament dissolved.  Taking part in Dec. 21 is an opportunity to better consolidate the Republic ... They ve called illegitimate elections, a trap. However, we re not afraid of the ballot box,  lawmaker Sergi Sabria said during a conference. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked the regional government, dissolved parliament and called a snap election on Friday after Catalonia leaders made a unilateral declaration of independence.  Some of the region s leaders had vowed to ignore Rajoy s ruling and continue working. ",1
16139,'Significant gaps' in talks on Northern Ireland power-sharing: UK PM May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Talks on restoring a power-sharing government in Northern Ireland are making progress but there are  significant gaps   between the province s two main political parties, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Monday.  The talks are still ongoing, we are still working with the parties on reaching an agreement. We have had progress but there are still significant gaps which remain,  the spokesman told reporters.  We don t want to see a return to direct rule.  ",1
16140,"Russia eyeing Syria victory by year-end, will keep troops there: Ifax","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia expects all  terrorists  in Syria to be destroyed by the end of the year and then plans to keep enough troops in the country to prevent any new conflict, the Interfax news agency cited a prominent Russian senator as saying on Monday.  We will leave in Syria only those troops necessary to avert a possible repeat of this terrorism,  the agency quoted Viktor Bondarev, the head of the upper house of parliament s defense and security committee, as saying. ",1
16141,"Spain's prosecutor calls for rebellion, sedition  charges against Catalan leaders","MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor on Monday called for rebellion and  sedition charges to be brought against Catalonia s leaders over their push to separate from Spain.  Attorney-General Jose Manuel Maza also called for charges of misuse of funds to be laid. Under Spain s legal system, the request goes to a judge for consideration. Maza asked the judge to call the seccessionist leaders to tesify.  ",1
16142,Japan pledges to help Philippines rebuild Marawi,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan said on Monday it will help the Philippines rebuild  conflict-torn southern Marawi city as well as other infrastructure in a deepening of ties to counter China s regional influence. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made the pledges in a joint statement with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte following talks in Tokyo.  Duterte on Oct 23 announced the end of five months of military operations in Marawi held by Islamic State rebels in a conflict that destroyed much of the city s center and displaced some 300,000 people.    The Government of Japan recognizes that rehabilitation and reconstruction of the City of Marawi and is extremely important,  the statement said. Japan also offered to help with other projects ranging from rail infrastructure to river defenses including a possible 600 billion yen loan to help fund development of a subway in Manila.   The meeting was an opportunity for Abe to discuss security in Asia ahead of key regional meetings beginning with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) gathering in Vietnam in November.  I confirmed with President Duterte that we are both maritime nations sharing basic values and strategic interests,  Abe said during his joint announcement with Duterte. The two countries, he added, would address common issues including North Korea and  a free and open Indo-Pacific.     Japan is concerned about China s growing power in the South China Sea and sees cooperation with the Philippines, which lies on the waterway s eastern side, as key ally in helping prevent Beijing s influence spreading into the western Pacific.  Duterte, unlike his predecessor, Benigno Aquino, has been less critical of Beijing s island building in the South China Sea. The Philippine leader will return home on Tuesday after an audience with the Japanese Emperor.     Abe and Duterte will travel to Vietnam for the two-day APEC meeting from Nov 11, which U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend.  Leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and other countries in the region will meet again in the Philippines after the APEC gathering for the East Asia Summit and a gathering of ASEAN that will be chaired by Philippine s president.  Duterte in his statement in Tokyo did not mention China, instead calling North Korea to halt its ballistic missile and nuclear test and return to talks with the U.S. Japan and other countries.    ",1
16143,"Singapore bans two Muslim preachers, citing divisive views","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore has banned two Muslim foreign preachers from entering the city-state because their views bred intolerance and were a risk to its social harmony, the government said on Monday. The decision to block Ismail Menk, identified by local media as a Zimbabwean and Haslin bin Baharim as a Malaysian, is the latest move by the Singaporean authorities to put a curb on individuals from spreading divisive views. Menk has preached Muslims are not allowed to greet people of other faiths on their religious festivals, Singapore s home affairs ministry said in a statement.  It accused Baharim of holding views that promote discord between Muslims and non-Muslims, whom he described as  deviant.   (Their views) are unacceptable in the context of Singapore s multi-racial and multi-religious society,  the ministry said.  Reuters was not in a position to reach out to the pair. Singapore is predominantly Chinese, many of whom follow Buddhism and Taoism but 14 percent of the population is Muslim and nearly 19 percent Christian.   Authorities in the city-state, an outpost of stability in a region where religious tension is not uncommon, are sensitive to public remarks they deem might adversely affect religious and social harmony. Over the past few years, Singapore increased its level of surveillance for Islamist radicalism as concern grew about the spread of Islamic State in the region. Menk and Baharim planned to conduct religious sessions on a ship departing from Singapore next month after their applications for short-term work passes to preach in Singapore were turned down, the government said.     They will not be allowed to get around the ban by preaching instead on cruise ships which operate to and from Singapore,  the home ministry said. Last month, authorities said they rejected applications for two foreign Christian preachers to speak in Singapore as they had made  denigrating and inflammatory comments of other religions.  ",1
16144,Catalonia parliament cancels meeting after Spain takes control: source,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s parliament has canceled a meeting on Tuesday following the Spanish government s takeover of the region, a parliamentary source said on Monday, confirming the regional legislative had accepted Madrid s order for it to dissolve. On Friday, Spain fired the Catalonian regional government and dismissed the Catalan parliament after political leaders defied Madrid and made a unilateral declaration of independence.  The central government s authority in the region was to be tested on Monday after prominent members of the Catalan administration had said they did not accept the move and a civic group called for civil disobedience to the ruling.  ",1
16145,Iran fulfilling nuclear deal commitments: IAEA chief,"ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Iran is fulfilling its commitments under the nuclear deal with world powers and U.N. inspectors are facing no problems in their verification efforts, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director-general said on Monday. U.S. President Donald Trump said earlier this month that he would not continue to certify the multinational 2015 agreement, reached under his predecessor Barack Obama, and warned that he might ultimately terminate it. Iran would abandon the agreement if it were deemed not be serving its national interests, President Hassan Rouhani said in reaction to Trump s decision. But he also said,  No president can revoke an international deal...(and) Iran will continue to honour its commitments under the deal.  The other parties to the accord - Britain, Germany, France, Russia, China and the European Union have all reaffirmed their commitment to it and urged the United States not to back out. IAEA chief Yukiya Amano, whose inspectors are tasked with monitoring compliance with the deal, reiterated that Iran was adhering to it.   The IAEA can state that such nuclear-related commitments are being implemented,  Amano told a news conference in Abu Dhabi following a trip to Iran on Sunday where he met with Rouhani and other officials.  I requested that Iran ... fully implement the nuclear-related commitments. This (was) the main thrust of the meeting in Iran ... Regarding the activities of our inspectors, they are discharging their responsibility without problem,  he said. Under the agreement, Iran undertook to restrict its nuclear programme to help ensure it could not be put to developing atomic bombs in exchange for the lifting of trade and financial sanctions that had hobbled its oil-based economy. Amano added that he had told Iranian officials the nuclear deal was a  significant gain for verification . Speaking on the sidelines of an international conference on nuclear power in the United Arab Emirates, Amano declined comment on U.S. policy towards Iran and on Iran s absence from the meeting, which draws together IAEA member states. ",1
16146,"Somalia's capital restricts movement of trucks, tankers after attacks","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somali authorities imposed a daytime ban on Monday on the movement of large trucks and road tankers inside the capital Mogadishu in an attempt to improve security following a wave of devastating attacks by militants. The move followed twin truck bombings on Oct. 15 that killed more than 350 people in the city, in the deadliest attack in the history of the Horn of Africa nation. Though the Islamist militant group al Shabaab did not claim responsibility for that attack, the method is one it has often used.  Trucks and tankers cannot pass ... from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm. This is to ensure security and (to offer) a solution to the complaints of the public,  Tabid Abdi, the capital s mayor, said in a statement.  Any truck or tanker driver who does not comply will be fined $1,000.   Further underlining the Somali capital s security woes, at least 29 people were killed on Sunday during a 12-hour siege at a Mogadishu hotel, in an attack claimed by al Shabaab. The government sacked two top security officials.  They had the uniforms of security forces, even though they did not have ID cards,  Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman told Reuters. Al Shabaab said 40 people had been killed, including three of its fighters who stormed the hotel. Al Shabaab aims to topple the government in Mogadishu and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. The country has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. Though it has lost large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers, the group s attacks have grown in frequency and size, as a 22,000-strong peacekeeping force prepares to begin withdrawing.  ",1
16147,Iran to lift border curbs with Iraq's Kurdish region in coming days,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran will reopen all its border crossings with Iraq s Kurdistan region in the coming days, lifting restrictions imposed after last month s Kurdish vote in favor of independence, its chief of staff said on Monday. The announcement comes a day after Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani said he would give up his position as president on Nov. 1, after the independence referendum he championed backfired and triggered military action by the Baghdad. After the vote, Iraqi troops were ordered by the country s prime minister Haider al-Abadi to take control of areas claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurdish government. Iran, which has its own Kurdish minority, also opposes independence for Iraqi Kurds, and at the request of Baghdad   closed its borders with the Kurdish region in northern Iraq and halted all flights there and back.   Border restrictions between Iran and Iraq s Kurdish region will be lifted in coming days,  Iran s Chief of Staff Major General Mohammad Baqeri was quoted as saying by ISNA  Tehran already re-opened the Bashmagh crossing last week.   Baqeri also said if Kurdistan implemented its plan to break away from Iraq,  there would be bloodshed in Iraq and neighboring countries would be affected . Abadi wants to take control of the border crossings between the Kurdish region and Turkey, Iran and Syria, including one through which an oil export pipeline crosses into Turkey. ",1
16148,Catalonia should remain part of Spain after vote: minister,"KIEV (Reuters) - Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis said on Monday that he hoped and believed a regional election in Catalonia would result in the territory remaining part of Spain.  We hope, with the help of these elections, to restore legal governance and rule of law in Catalonia,  Dastis said, speaking through an interpreter during a briefing in Kiev.  We hope and believe that after these elections, Catalonia will again be the same society it was before: open and integrated.  he said. ",1
16149,Belgian police detains four over foiled attack on high-speed train,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian police detained four people over a foiled attack in 2015 on a high-speed train linking Brussels and Paris, federal prosecutors said on Monday. In August 2015 a machinegun-toting attacker wounded three people on a high-speed train before being overpowered by passengers, one in a series of militant attacks that has rocked Belgium and France over the past two years. Police carried out six house searches in Brussels and elsewhere in Belgium early on Monday, but did not find any explosives or weapons. A judge will decide at a later stage whether those detained could be kept further, prosecutors said. ",1
16150,China signals will again block Indian bid to blacklist militant leader,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Monday signaled it would again block an Indian request at the United Nations to blacklist the head of a Pakistan-based militant group because there was no consensus, a move likely to cause recrimination in New Delhi. India, backed by the United States, has been trying to get Maulana Masood Azhar on a U.N. list of groups with ties to Al Qaeda, blaming his group for a series of attacks in India,  including one on its parliament in 2002 and another last year on an airbase.  But China, a member of the U.N. Security Council, has repeatedly put a technical hold on the Indian request, the latest of which is due to end this week.  Such decisions must be based on cast-iron evidence and fully backed by members of the U.N. panel charged with implementing resolutions relating to sanctions on militant groups and individuals, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said.  China proposed a technical hold, the aim of which was to give more time for the committee members to discuss it and for relevant parties to have further consultations,  Hua told a daily news briefing.  But regrettably, the committee has yet to reach consensus.   The wrangling over Masood Azhar, a longtime Indian foe, has become a thorny issue in ties between China and India, which fears Beijing is disregarding its concerns over terrorism.  It has also fueled worries that China will stick to its  all-weather  friend, India s arch-foe Pakistan, no matter the weight of evidence against Islamabad.  Pakistan denies giving material support to militants fighting Indian rule in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir besides carrying out attacks elsewhere.  It said it interrogated Azhar and his associates in the Jaish-e-Mohammad group after the January 2016 attack on the Pathankot air base but found no evidence linking him to it. Hua said there were clear rules for listing a person or group as a terrorist, and that China has always believed the relevant U.N. committee should operate on the principles of objectivity, fairness and professionalism on this matter. Jaish-e-Mohammad has already been blacklisted by the 15-nation Security Council, but not Azhar, an Islamist hardliner. ",1
16151,Kurdish oil flows to Turkey resume after technical stoppage: shipping source,"LONDON (Reuters) - Crude oil flows through an Iraqi Kurdistan pipeline to Turkey resumed on Monday after a technical stoppage for several hours, a Kurdish shipping source told Reuters. The source said the flows were still reduced at around 200,000-220,000 barrels per day (bpd) compared with the usual volume of 600,000 bpd. The next cargo to load at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan will be Santa Cruz that will exports volume from the November loading program, the source said. ",1
16152,Croatia wants to adopt euro within 7-8 years: prime minister,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatia aims to become a euro zone member within the next seven to eight years, Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Monday.  We don t want to specify the exact dates, but we want Croatia to become a euro zone member within two government terms in office,  Plenkovic told an economic conference devoted to the introduction of the euro in Croatia. The centre-right government came to power a year ago. Plenkovic said Croatia wanted to enter the European exchange rate mechanism II (ERM-2) within the next three years, before the country takes the presidency of the European Union in 2020. EU members that have not yet adopted the euro are expected to participate for at least two years in ERM II, a mechanism aimed to ensure currency stability before joining the euro zone. The Croatian central bank already keeps Croatia s kuna currency in a narrow fluctuation band, roughly at between 7.3 and 7.7 to the euro, occasionally intervening on the local foreign exchange market mostly to ease appreciation pressures. Croatia s major challenge before adopting the euro is expected to be the reduction of public debt which is slightly above 80 percent of gross domestic product.  Our goal is to reduce the public debt to 72 percent of GDP by 2020 ... We are undertaking a major fiscal consolidation and this year the budget gap will be even lower than last year s 0.9 percent of GDP,  Plenkovic said. Central Bank Governor Boris Vujcic said Croatia was the most  euroised  EU country of those that had not yet adopted the euro.  Some 75 percent of local deposits and 67 percent of local debt is denominated in the euro. Some 60 percent of Croatia s trade exchange is related to the euro zone, while 70 percent of tourism receipts comes from the euro zone countries,  Vujcic told the conference. The most important benefits of euro adoption would be the removal of currency risk and lower interest rates, he said. Croatia took an obligation to adopt the euro when it joined the EU in 2013, but without a defined timetable. Vujcic said any fears among the population about prices soaring when the euro is adopted could be tackled by an obligation to display prices in both kunas and euros six months before an agreed euro zone entry date. ",1
16153,China urges closer cooperation with Sri Lanka on key projects,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Sri Lanka should focus on strengthening cooperation over key investment projects, Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Monday told his visiting counterpart from Sri Lanka, amid strong local opposition to some major Chinese-invested schemes. In July, Sri Lanka signed a long-delayed $1.1 billion deal to lease its southern Hambantota port to China, ignoring an appeal by opposition parties to debate the pact in parliament. The $1.5-billion port, close to the main shipping route from Asia to Europe and likely to play a key role in China s  Belt and Road  initiative, has been mired in controversy since a Chinese firm agreed to take an 80 percent stake in it. The pact signed last year sparked widespread public anger, as Chinese control of the port, which included a plan for a 99-year lease of 15,000 acres (23 sq miles) to develop an adjacent industrial zone, provoked fears it could be used by Chinese naval vessels. Meeting in Beijing, Wang told Tilak Marapana that the two countries should take this year s 60th anniversary of establishing diplomatic ties as an opportunity, China s foreign ministry said in a statement. Both should  emphasize strengthening traditional friendship and political mutual trust, major infrastructure projects, investment and trade  to  upgrade  their relationship, Wang added. The short statement did not mention any specific projects. As one of the first countries to help in Sri Lanka s post-war reconstruction after the 2009 end of its 26-year civil war, China s ties with Sri Lanka have unnerved India, traditionally the island nation s most important partner.     By 2014, Chinese navy submarines were also docking in Colombo, raising alarm in New Delhi and prompting a push by the administration of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to claw back influence in the region. ",1
16154,Philippines police chief hints at possible run for presidency,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  top police chief who oversaw a bloody war on drugs that has killed thousands of Filipinos hinted on Monday at a possible run for the presidency. Ronald dela Rosa, a stocky, celebrity-like general nicknamed  Bato  (Rock), who retires in 2018, has flagged his political ambitions, saying he was open to running for the Senate. But in a speech after a flag raising ceremony at police headquarters, Dela Rosa for the first time publicly suggested he may have his sights set on higher political goals.  Wait for Bato to become president and I will quadruple your salaries,  Dela Rosa told his men as he denied rumors he would leave retirees out of planned salary increases. Dela Rosa is among those touted by the national media as Duterte s possible successor in 2022, along with world boxing champion and senator Manny Pacquiao, and the son and namesake of late Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos.  Dela Rosa has acted as the enforcer for the firebrand leader s war on drugs which had led to more than 3,900 people killed in 16 months. The campaign has sparked outrage abroad, but domestic polls have shown crime-weary Filipinos are largely supportive of the measure.  Duterte ordered the police this month to halt activities in the war on drugs and leave all operations to drug enforcement agency, amid unprecedented scrutiny of police conduct. Police reject allegations by activists they are executing suspected drug users and dealers, saying victims in their anti-narcotics operations were killed because they were armed and had violently resisted arrest. ",1
16155,Syrian hostages who escaped Islamic State receive rapturous homecoming,"Qaryatayn, SYRIA (Reuters) - Twenty six Syrian hostages who escaped from their Islamic State captors received an emotional homecoming on Sunday in the central province of Homs, witnesses and officials said.   They were among at least 70 people abducted and taken by fleeing Islamic State militants to a secret location in the desert east of the town of al-Qaryatayn on Oct. 21 when the Syrian army and pro-government militias regained control of the town.  The others are still missing, according to local officials, who have not disclosed the identities of any of the hostages.   Al-Qaryatayn lies nearly 300 kilometers (190 miles) west of Deir al-Zor city, the current focus of the Syrian government s offensive, with Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, against Islamic State. About 200 people turned out in al-Qaryatayn on Sunday to welcome home the returning hostages, according to Reuters reporters who visited the war-scarred town during a trip organized by the Syrian authorities. Parents wept as they embraced returning sons while other relatives and local residents threw sweets and sugar in the air in celebration.   Thank God for your return,  said an elderly man as he embraced a young man. Most in the crowd declined to be interviewed.  Syrian authorities said jihadists had taken revenge after being forced out after three weeks of fighting around the outskirts of al-Qaryatayn, by slaughtering scores of the city s inhabitants. A senior local official said the hostages escaped after they got past an Iraqi jihadist militant while he took a nap and seized his gun and shot him dead. But the joy surrounding the hostages  return was still overshadowed by executions witnessed in the town in the past few weeks when militants rounded up local officials and members of the security forces, police and members of their families and executed them in broad daylight, according to officials.    We forgot our joy when thinking of the nightmare that we went through,  Found Ghosn, a local government official told Reuters TV, saying city officials had identified at least 70 out of 130 people slain during the revenge killings. ",1
16156,Kurdish leader Barzani resigns after independence vote backfires,"ERBIL/BAGHDAD Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani said he would give up his position as president on Nov. 1, after an independence referendum he championed backfired and triggered a regional crisis.  There was high drama at the Kurdish parliament, which was stormed by armed protesters as it met to approve the veteran leader s resignation as Kurdish president. Some MPs were barricaded in their offices on Sunday evening.     In a televised address, his first since Iraqi forces launched a surprise offensive to recapture Kurdish-held territory on Oct. 16, Barzani confirmed that he would not extend his presidential term after Nov. 1  under any conditions .  I am the same Masoud Barzani, I am a Peshmerga (Kurdish fighter) and will continue to help my people in their struggle for independence,  said Barzani, who has campaigned for Kurdish self-determination for nearly four decades.  The address followed a letter he sent to parliament in which he asked members to take measures to fill the resulting power vacuum. The region s parliament met in the Kurdish capital Erbil on Sunday to discuss the letter. A majority of 70 Kurdish MPs voted to accept Barzani s request and 23 opposed it, Kurdish TV channels Rudaw and Kurdistan 24 said.  Demonstrators, some carrying clubs and guns, stormed the parliament building as the session was in progress. Gunshots were heard. Some protesters outside the building said they wanted to  punish  MPs who they said had  insulted  Barzani. Some attacked journalists at the scene. A Kurdish official had told Reuters on Saturday that Barzani had decided to hand over the presidency without waiting for elections that had been set for Nov. 1 but which have now been delayed by eight months. The region, which had enjoyed unprecedented autonomy for years, has been in turmoil since the independence referendum a month ago prompted military and economic retaliation from Iraq s central government in Baghdad. In his address, Barzani vigorously defended his decision to hold the Sept. 25 referendum, the results of which  can never be erased , he said. The vote was overwhelmingly for independence and triggered the military action by the Baghdad government and threats from neighboring Turkey and Iran.  He added that the Iraqi attack on Kirkuk and other Kurdish held territory vindicated his position that Baghdad no longer believed in federalism and instead wanted to curtail Kurdish rights.  Barzani condemned the United States for failing to back the Kurds.  We tried to stop bloodshed but the Iraqi forces and Popular Mobilization Front (Shi ite militias) kept advancing, using U.S. weapons,  he said.   Our people should now question, whether the U.S. was aware of Iraq s attack and why they did not prevent it.  Asked for reaction to Barzani s resignation, a U.S. State Department spokesperson said:  I would refer you to Kurdistan officials for information on President Barzani. Also, we are not going to get into any private diplomatic discussions.  Barzani has been criticized by Kurdish opponents for the loss of the city of Kirkuk, oil-rich and considered by many Kurds to be their spiritual home. His resignation could help facilitate a reconciliation between the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) and Iraq s central government, whose retaliatory measures since the referendum have transformed the balance of power in the north.  Barzani has led the KRG since it was established in 2005. His second term expired in 2013 but was extended without elections being held as Islamic State militants swept across vast swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.     U.S.-backed Iraqi government forces, Iranian-backed paramilitaries and Kurdish fighters fought alongside each other to defeat Islamic State but the alliance has faltered since the militants were largely defeated in the country.  After the Kurdish vote, Iraqi troops were ordered by the country s prime minister Haider al-Abadi to take control of areas claimed by both Baghdad and the KRG.  Abadi also wants to take control of the border crossings between the Kurdish region and Turkey, Iran and Syria, including one through which an oil export pipeline crosses into Turkey, carrying Iraqi and Kurdish crude oil. The fall of Kirkuk - a multi-ethnic city which lies outside the KRG s official boundaries - to Iraqi forces on Oct. 16 was a major symbolic and financial blow to the Kurds  independence drive because it halved the region s oil export revenue. Iraqi forces and the Peshmerga started a second round of talks on Sunday to resolve a conflict over control of the Kurdistan region s border crossings, Iraqi state TV said.  A first round was held on Friday and Saturday, with Abadi ordering a 24-hour suspension on Friday of military operations against Kurdish forces. He demanded on Thursday that the Kurds declare their referendum void, rejecting the KRG offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks, saying in a statement:  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the constitution.  ",1
16157,China reiterates support for Spanish government amid Catalonia crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China understands the Spanish government s efforts to protect national unity and opposes any actions to split the country, the Chinese foreign ministry said on Monday, after the Catalan parliament voted to unilaterally declare independence last week. China generally takes a dim view of independence or secessionist movements around the world, while saying it adheres to a policy of non-interference in other nations  internal affairs.  On Friday, Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy assumed direct control of the Catalan region, sacked its secessionist government and called a snap election for Dec. 21. China s position on the issue was clear and consistent, said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying, reiterating support previously offered to the Spanish government.  We think this is an internal affair for Spain, and understand and support the Spanish government s efforts to protect national and ethnic unity and territorial integrity, and oppose actions to split the country and damage the rule of law,  she told a daily news briefing on Monday.   We believe that Spain has the ability to protect social order and guarantee citizens  rights under the framework of the law.   Beijing has expressed more openness to independence votes agreed by both sides, such as Scotland s unsuccessful 2014 referendum to leave the United Kingdom, and South Sudan s 2011 vote in favor of independence from Sudan. At home, China contends with what it says are separatist movements in its western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang, and also claims the self-ruled island of Taiwan as a wayward province. ",1
16158,Factbox: Catalonia crisis: What's next?,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain on Friday sacked Catalonia s regional government, dissolved the Catalan parliament and called a snap election in the region for Dec. 21, in a bid to draw a line under the country s worst political crisis in 40 years. Below are several scenarios of what could happen in the next few days. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked Catalonia s government including regional president Carles Puigdemont and his deputy Oriol Junqueras and assumed direct control over the region. Central government ministries assumed the powers of the Catalan administration until a regional election takes place on Dec. 21. It is not clear whether a snap regional election will resolve the crisis. An opinion poll published by El Mundo on Sunday showed that pro-independence parties may lose their parliamentary majority and even arrive behind anti-independence forces. The vote could result into a hung parliament. Other opinion polls have also shown Catalonia is almost evenly split between pro- and anti-independence supporters. Catalonia s main secessionist groups have called for widespread civil disobedience. They also instructed civil servants not to obey orders from Madrid and respond with peaceful resistance. It is unclear whether such calls will be followed or not. A key test will be when 200,000 civil servants return to work on Monday. [L8N1N40ZQ] Spain s government said it was not planning to make any arrests, but it is unclear how it will proceed if the current regional administration staff refuse to leave their offices. None of the immediate Catalan cabinet, including Puigdemont, are thought to have spent the weekend in the Barcelona central offices and it is unclear if they will attempt to return to work on Monday. A growing number of analysts have feared this could lead to a physical confrontation if national police, who used heavy-handed tactics to thwart an Oct. 1 vote on independence, seek to intervene. One of the main problems over the implementation of direct rule will relate to Catalonia s own police forces, the Mossos d Esquadra. On Saturday, the Mossos chief Josep Lluis Trapero was fired. The new chief told officers they should remain neutral. In an open letter on Sunday, Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido praised the Mossos for their work and urged them to accept temporary direction from Madrid. But a group of Mossos favoring independence had previously said they would not follow instructions from the central government and would not use force to remove ministers and lawmakers from power. Several officers told Reuters they believed the 17,000-strong force was split between those who want independence and those who oppose it. The Mossos, whose former chief is under investigation on suspicion of sedition, will have to act on direct orders from their new bosses. If deemed necessary, Mossos officers may be replaced by national police. The economy and budget ministries took full control over regional finances on Friday. Many companies have however said on condition of anonymity that they feared a new Catalan treasury could start levying taxes, and that they would seek to move their tax base outside Catalonia. It is also possible that some pro-independence Catalans will stop paying their taxes to the Spanish treasury. The Spanish government had initially said it would control widely watched Catalan public television TV3, but it eventually dropped that plan. The media is likely to play an important role in the run-up to the new election in Catalonia. ",1
16159,Rheinmetall CEO says Turkey row holding up defense projects: DPA,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Tensions between Germany and Turkey are holding up planned defense projects at Rheinmetall, the German company s chief executive told news agency DPA in an interview. Ties between the two NATO allies have been strained by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s crackdown on opponents after a failed coup last year as well as Germany s refusal to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the plot. Rheinmetall CEO Armin Papperger said in the interview published on Monday that several projects, including the production of ammunition for fighter jets in Turkey and upgrades to Turkey s Leopard tanks, were still awaiting decisions by the two governments.  If relations with Turkey don t improve it will be difficult to obtain clearance from Germany,  he said. Poor relations have also dimmed Rheinmetall s prospects for playing a role in Turkey s Altay tank project, worth an estimated 7 billion euros ($8.13 billion), DPA said. Turkey s BMC, with which Rheinmetall has a joint venture in Turkey, is among the bidders for the first tranche to build around 100 to 200 of a planned 1,000 combat tanks, DPA said. If BMC wins the contract, Rheinmetall could in theory take part in the development of the tank via joint venture RBSS, in which the German company holds a 40 percent stake, but it would need an export clearance from the German government. Papperger said Rheinmetall had no plans to build its own tank factory in Turkey. ",1
16160,Russia hopes Turkey can stabilize situation in Syria's Idlib: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia hopes that Turkey can stabilize the situation in Syria s Idlib Province where Moscow believes there is a high threat of attacks by militants, a senior Russian diplomat said on Monday, the RIA news agency reported.   There is a pretty high level of tension there and there is still a threat of offensives by radical groups deployed there,  the agency cited Alexander Lavrentyev, the head of the Russian delegation at the Astana talks on the Syria crisis, as saying.  But we hope that our Turkish partners will in the end fulfill their part of the obligations concerning the Idlib de-escalation zone and will stabilize the situation there.  ",1
16161,"Hundreds of thousands march for unified Spain, poll shows depths of division","BARCELONA (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of supporters of a unified Spain filled Barcelona s streets on Sunday in one of the biggest shows of force yet by the so-called silent majority that has watched as regional political leaders push for Catalan independence. Political parties opposing a split by Catalonia from Spain had a small lead in an opinion poll published on Sunday, the first since Madrid called a regional election to try to resolve the country s worst political crisis in four decades. Polls and recent elections have shown that about half the electorate in the wealthy northeastern region, which is already autonomous, oppose secession from Spain, but a vocal independence movement has brought the current crisis to a head.  Spain s central government called an election for Dec. 21 on Friday after sacking Catalonia s president Carles Puigdemont, dissolving its parliament and dismissing its government. That followed the assembly s unilateral declaration of independence in a vote boycotted by three national parties. The regional government claimed it had a mandate to push ahead with independence following an unofficial referendum on Oct. 1 which was ruled illegal under Spanish law and mostly boycotted by unionists.  Waving thousands of Spanish flags and singing  Viva Espa a , protesters on Sunday turned out in the largest display of support for a united Spain since the beginning of the crisis   underlining the depth of division in Catalonia itself.  I m here to defend Spanish unity and the law,  said Alfonso Machado, 55, a salesman standing with a little girl with Spanish flags in her hair.   Knowing that in the end there won t be independence, I feel sorry for all the people tricked into thinking there could be and the divisions they ve driven through Catalan society.   The poll of 1,000 people by Sigma Dos for newspaper El Mundo showed unionist parties winning 43.4 percent support and pro-independence parties 42.5 percent.  The survey was taken from Monday to Thursday, just as the central government prepared to take control of Catalonia. Madrid said on Saturday that secessionist politicians, including Puigdemont, were free to take part in the election. The hardline CUP has been unclear if it would. The deposed Catalan government will soon have to make difficult decisions, Puigdemont s former deputy Oriol Junqueras said on Sunday in an editorial in online newspaper El Punt Avui. He stopped short of saying his ERC party would take part in the election.   We need a shared strategy ... it s important to weave solid alliances with those who are willing to build a state that serves its citizens,  he said, possibly alluding to a rumored alliance between the ERC and the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party. Such an alliance could put the independence movement in difficult position as it would mean a main secession supporter joining forces with parties that reject Madrid s hard line but do not support separatism.         With weeks to go before the election, the poll showed the CUP, kingmaker for the pro-secessionists in the dismissed 135-seat parliament, would win seven seats, down from a current 10.  The pro-independence coalition Junts pel Si, which held 62 seats previously, was split into parties PDeCat and ERC for the poll as they are unlikely to run on a single platform. The two would win between 54 and 58 seats in total, the poll showed. At Sunday s rally, former European Parliament president Josep Borrell called for unionist voters to turn out in December to ensure independence supporters lose their stranglehold on the regional parliament.  Maybe we re here because many of us during elections didn t go and vote. Now we have a golden opportunity. This time, nobody should stay at home,  Borrell said to cheering crowds. Puigdemont called on Saturday for peaceful opposition to Madrid s takeover. But he was vague on precisely what steps the secessionists would take as Spanish authorities move into Barcelona to enforce control. European countries, the United States and Mexico have also rejected the Catalan declaration of independence and expressed support for Spain s unity. But emotions are running high and the next few days will be tricky for Madrid as it embarks on enforcing direct rule and putting officials in administrative roles. National police were accused of heavy-handedness during the Oct. 1 referendum.  Officers of the regional police force, called the Mossos d Esquadra in Catalan, were stationed in main public and government buildings on Sunday. But the force is believed to have divided loyalties. The central government has removed the Mossos  chief, Josep Lluis Trapero, and said units could be replaced if warranted. In an open letter on Sunday, Interior Minister Juan Ignacio Zoido praised the Mossos for their work and urged them to accept temporary direction from Madrid.  The main secessionist group, the Catalan National Assembly, has urged civil servants not to follow orders from the central  government and to mount  peaceful resistance , while the pro-independence trade union CSC has called a strike. Puigdemont, Junqueras and their advisors left the Catalan government offices on Friday, newspaper La Vanguardia reported on Sunday, effectively handing the building over to Madrid and making a forced eviction on Monday less likely. Since the return of democracy in the late 1970s Spain has suffered several traumatic episodes, including an attempted military coup in 1981, a violent Basque separatist conflict, and more recently an economic crisis. The Catalan issue is however the biggest challenge to the territorial integrity of what is now a progressive European Union nation. The chaos has prompted an exodus of businesses from Catalonia, which contributes about a fifth of Spain s economy, the fourth-largest in the euro zone. Tourism to Barcelona has been hit and markets have darted up and down on the fast-moving developments. European leaders have also denounced the push, fearing it could fan separatist sentiment around the continent. ",1
16162,Qatar emir says open to Trump-hosted talks over Gulf crisis: CBS,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s ruler said he is ready for U.S.-hosted direct talks aimed at solving the worst diplomatic crisis in the Gulf in years but has yet to hear a response to U.S. President Donald Trump s invitation to the four Arab states boycotting Doha. Speaking to U.S. broadcaster CBS News, Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said he wanted an end to the dispute, which erupted on June 5 and pits Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt against Qatar.  Nothing is going to be above our dignity, our sovereignty. But we want it to end. I always say that,  he told the  60 Minutes  program in an interview aired on Sunday.  If they (are) going to walk one meter toward me, I m willing to walk 10,000 miles towards them,  he said. The four countries have cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar, the world s top seller of liquefied natural gas, accusing it of financing terrorism. Doha denies the charges. The dispute has hit travel and food imports and ratcheted up tensions in a wealthy region which plays a leading role in global energy markets as well as events across the wider Middle East.  On Sunday, Bahrain s foreign minister called for freezing Qatar s membership out of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) to preserve its unity, adding that Bahrain will not attend the upcoming GCC summit if Qatar does not change its stand. Qatar hosts Al Udeid air base, the largest U.S. military facility in the Middle East. Sheikh Tamim said Trump had told him  I will not accept my friends fighting amongst themselves,  and that in talks on the sidelines of a United Nations  meeting in September he had made an offer to host talks in the United States.  I told him straightaway,  Mr President, we are very ready. I ve been asking for dialogue from day one,  Sheikh Tamim said, adding that the meeting was supposed to happen very soon and that he had not heard a response from the other countries. Trump, who has said he would be willing to mediate in the dispute, said in September he had a  very strong feeling  it would be solved  pretty quickly . Earlier in September, Saudi Arabia suspended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts,  just after a report of a phone call between the leaders of the two countries suggested a possible breakthrough in the dispute. Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman spoke by  phone with Qatar s emir on Sept. 8 in the first publicly reported contact between the two leaders since the crisis began. There has been no further contact reported since then. In the CBS interview, Sheikh Tamim reiterated that Qatar would not close down the Doha-based Al Jazeera television network, as demanded by the four countries who accuse the broadcaster of bias and interfering in their affairs. Al Jazeera says it is an independent news service giving a voice to everyone in the region. Sheikh Tamim also said he feared for the region if any military actions were taken as part of the crisis.  I m fearful that if anything happens, if any military act happens, this region will be in chaos,  he said. ",1
16163,"Taiwan to boost defense spending, U.S. concerned over possible military imbalance: official media","TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan will increase future defense spending by two percent each year, President Tsai Ing-wen said during a visit to Hawaii where the United States expressed concern over a possible military imbalance in the Taiwan Straits, Taiwan media reported. In the event that Taiwan purchases arms from a foreign military, the island s defense spending could increase as much as three percent each year, and could possibly increase further using a special budget if  significant purchase cases  are made, Tsai said in remarks carried by official media on Monday.  Tsai made the comments in response to U.S. concerns about a possible military imbalance in the Taiwan Strait expressed by Ambassador James Moriarty during a meeting. Tsai did not elaborate on when the increased defense spending would start.    Tsai s comments were reflected by National Security Council deputy secretary-general Tsai Ming-yen, who recounted to official media the conversation between Tsai and Moriarty, who is chairman of the U.S. Mission in Taiwan, about expanding Taiwan s national defense policy.  Moriarty had expressed concern about China s double-digit growth in defense investments in the last few years, and that Taiwan would need to address a possible military imbalance over the Taiwan Strait, deputy secretary-general Tsai recounted.    President Tsai in turn replied Taiwan would develop a comprehensive plan in accordance with strategic needs, short-term needs, and long-term plans, to create defense forces on the island that would have  reliable combat effectiveness . Tsai visited Hawaii at the weekend on her way to three of Taiwan s diplomatic allies in the Pacific, despite China, which considers Taiwan a wayward province, calling on the United States to stop the trip. Her trip comes about a week before U.S. President Donald Trump visits Asia. China has increased pressure on Taiwan since Tsai took office last year, suspecting she wants to push for formal independence. China has conducted more military drills around Taiwan and peeled away its few remaining diplomatic allies. Tsai described Taiwan-U.S. relations as being  unprecedentedly friendly  in comments released by Taiwan s presidential office on Monday.  We are happy to see U.S. promises of peace and stability for the Asia-Pacific region, and from meetings with the United States understand the necessity to increase investment in defense,  it quoted her as saying. The United States and Taiwan have not had formal diplomatic relations since Washington established ties with Beijing in 1979, but the United States is bound by law to provide Taiwan with the means to defend itself. Taiwan is well armed with mostly U.S.-made weapons but has been pushing for sales of more advanced equipment, such as fighter jets, to deal with what Taipei sees as a growing threat from China and its own rapidly modernizing armed forces. China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control. It regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States and has been upset by U.S. moves to expand military exchanges with Taiwan and continued U.S. arms sales to the island. Tsai s stopover in Hawaii included a tour of a Pearl Harbor memorial, a banquet with the overseas Taiwan community, and joint speeches with Moriarty, the chairman of the U.S. Mission in Taiwan, also known as the American Institute in Taiwan.  It was her second U.S. visit this year. In January, Tsai stopped in Houston and San Francisco on her way to and from Latin America.  Tsai moves on to visit the Marshall Islands, Tuvalu, and the Solomon Islands from Monday during a week-long trip and will stop over in the U.S. territory of Guam on her way back to Taiwan. ",1
16164,Saudi Arabian Airlines resumes flying to Iraq after 27 years,"DUBAI (Reuters) - State-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines said it will start flying regularly to Iraq on Monday after a 27-year halt, state news agency SPA said. The carrier s director general, Saleh bin Nasser al-Jasser, will accompany reporters and passengers on the first flight to depart from the Saudi city of Jeddah to Baghdad, SPA said late on Sunday. There have been no flights between Saudi Arabia and Iraq since former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein invaded neighboring Kuwait in 1990. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are both wooing Baghdad in an effort to halt the growing regional influence of arch-foe Iran. In August the two countries said they planned to open the Arar land border crossing for trade for the first time since 1990. That announcement followed a decision by the Saudi cabinet this month to set up a joint trade commission with Iraq. Saudi Arabian budget airline Flynas was the first Saudi airline to fly to Iraq in more than 25 years. ",1
16165,"U.S., South Korea, Japan urge North Korea to cease 'irresponsible' provocations","SEOUL (Reuters) - Senior defense officials from the United States, South Korea and Japan held trilateral talks and urged North Korea to walk away from its  destructive and reckless path  of weapons development, the U.S. military said in a statement. Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford hosted his South Korean and Japanese counterparts at the U.S. Pacific Command headquarters in Hawaii on Sunday to exchange views on North Korea s recent long-range ballistic missile and nuclear tests.  Together they called upon North Korea to refrain from irresponsible provocations that aggravate regional tensions, and to walk away from its destructive and reckless path of development,  the statement said. ",1
16166,Expulsion of Australian ministers cast doubt over more than 100 government decisions: opposition Labor,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s main Labor opposition party said on Monday it was considering a legal challenge to more than 100 decisions made by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s conservative government, after two of his cabinet ministers were expelled from parliament. Among the parliamentary votes in question was the government s defeat of a proposed wide-ranging inquiry into Australia s scandal-hit banking sector. A powerful inquiry into Australia s banks, which are under fire after scams involving money-laundering, misleading financial advice, insurance fraud and interest-rate rigging, was approved by the upper house Senate this year, but fell one vote short of passing the lower house. The government lost its one-seat lower house majority on Friday when a court ruled Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce was ineligible to sit in parliament as he had held dual citizenship when elected, in contradiction to the constitution. Former cabinet colleague Fiona Nash, along with three other politicians, were also expelled. The ruling has cast doubt over the validity of parliamentary votes Joyce and Nash have cast, said Tanya Plibersek, acting leader of the Australian Labor Party  We re going to look at all of our options,  Plibersek said on Monday in an interview with Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio.  We are very concerned about the fact that Barnaby Joyce has been voting at a time when he shouldn t have been in the Federal Parliament and we narrowly lost votes because of that.  Joyce has said many of those decisions were made by cabinet collectively rather than himself personally and so ought to remain valid. Plibersek said legal challenges could be mounted by anyone aggrieved by the government s decisions. She flagged challenging a narrowly-won vote that cut Sunday pay rates for some workers, as well as decisions taken by Joyce and Nash in their capacity as ministers. That includes a decision to relocate a government department headquarters to Joyce s electorate and decisions on water-rights allocation and the rollout of a national fast-internet scheme.    Constitutional law academic George Williams said the issue was not so clear cut.  It s certainly uncharted waters,  said Williams, Dean of Law at the University of New South Wales. The court would  look very carefully  in particular at decisions taken since August, when Joyce and Nash realized they may be dual nationals.  It s not clear what the result would be,  he said. The Australian constitution bars politicians with dual citizenship from being elected to the national parliament. Both Joyce and Nash said they were not aware they held dual citizenship and have since renounced their New Zealand and British citizenships, respectively. Turnbull s minority government now relies on three independent lawmakers to remain in office. Joyce is expected to win a by-election for his seat on Dec. 2, which would restore the government s one-seat majority. ",1
16167,China aims to set up state anti-corruption unit next year,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China aims to pass a national supervision law and set up a new commission next year to oversee an expansion of President Xi Jinping s campaign to fight corruption in the ruling Communist Party and government, the party said on Sunday.  The moves will be made during China s annual meeting of parliament early next year, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), the party s anti-graft watchdog, said in its report to a five-yearly party congress last week. The report, issued by the official Xinhua news agency, had not been previously released and gave few other details on the new commission.  All provinces, regions and cities must closely connect regional practices, integrate reform pilot scheme experience, implement the overall plan according to the decision of the party s Central Committee, and promote organizational integration,  the report said. The report also said former Chongqing Party boss Sun Zhengcai and a group of other top officials ousted for graft, including former security tsar Zhou Yongkang, were  schemers  and  plotters  out to further their own careers. The official line on Sun and Zhou had been that graft, not politics, was the primary reason for their downfall.  Zhao Leji, the newly appointed head of the CCDI, told the commission that they must secure a  sweeping victory  in the fight against corruption, and set up an institutionalized legal framework to make it impossible for officials to be corrupt, Xinhua reported. Zhao took over from Wang Qishan as part of a leadership reshuffle announced at the close of the 19th National Party Congress of the Communist Party, which ended last Tuesday.  Wang had been widely credited with the success and vigor of the graft fight. Analysts say Zhao is likely to take a more institutional approach. The new National Supervision Commission will work alongside the CCDI, sharing much of its power and resources, and will merge multiple additional anti-graft units, according to an announcement last year. It will also expand the purview of Xi s anti-graft campaign to include employees at state-backed institutions who are not necessarily party members. Since coming to power in 2012, Xi s signature anti-corruption drive has jailed or otherwise punished nearly 1.4 million party members and he has emphasized the importance of improving China s rule of law architecture. In his congress address, Xi said China would keep up with the  irreversible  momentum of the anti-corruption campaign, and announced a central leading group responsible for overseeing China s law-based governance. Xi also said the party would scrap the practice of secretive interrogations known as  shuanggui , in which cadres accused of graft and other disciplinary violations are routinely subjected to extrajudicial detention, isolation and interrogation by the CCDI. The CCDI only hands cases over to police and the judiciary for prosecution. International rights groups have raised concerns about torture, including sleep deprivation, being used to obtain confessions. ",1
16168,"South Korea, China nuclear envoys to meet in Beijing: South Korea government","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign ministry said Lee Do-hoon, its representative for six-party nuclear talks, and his Chinese counterpart, Kong Xuanyou, will meet in Beijing on Tuesday. The meeting will be the first since the two officials took office and is an extension of recent meetings between nuclear envoys from South Korea, the United States and Japan, the foreign ministry said in a statement. The officials will exchange analyses on the current situation regarding North Korea s nuclear and missile program and also discuss ways to cooperate in managing the situation in a stable manner, the statement said. ",1
16169,PNG says Australia responsible for hundreds of asylum seekers when detention camp closes,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia will not be allowed to walk away from legal, financial and moral responsibility for nearly 800 men when it closes its asylum seeker detention center in Papua New Guinea (PNG) on Tuesday, PNG s immigration minister said. Human rights advocates are warning of a looming humanitarian crisis when the Manus Island center closes if the men are not properly resettled, with hundreds of the detainees refusing to leave the center for fear of being targeted by locals. PNG Immigration Minister Petrus Thomas said late on Sunday that Australia will remain responsible for the welfare of the men that have been detained in the Australian-funded center for more than four years. Australia refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, detaining them in camps in PNG and Nauru in the South Pacific. The United Nations and rights groups have for years cited human rights abuses among detainees in the centers.  It is PNG s position that as long as there is one individual from this arrangement that remains in PNG, Australia will continue to provide financial and other support to PNG to manage the persons transferred under the arrangement until the last person leaves or is independently resettled in PNG,  Thomas said in an emailed statement. Australia has already said it would spend up to A$250 million ($195 million) housing the nearly 800 refugees and asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea for the next 12 months after its controversial detention center closes. The Manus center is scheduled to close on Tuesday, after being declared illegal by a PNG court, with 600 men set to be moved to three new transit camps. Just under 200 men have already relocated. Despite threats that basic services like electricity and water will be cut off, the remaining detainees are refusing to move, citing fears for their safety. Fears of violence have been stoked further after PNG sent extra security forces to the camp. The relocation of the men is designed as a temporary measure, allowing the United States time to complete vetting of refugees as part of a refugee swap deal. The United States has agreed to take up to possibly 1,250 refugees from Australia s two Pacific detention centers, but so far only 25 men from Manus have been resettled. In exchange, Australia said it will resettle Central American refugees. Australia has said those detainees not resettled in the United States will be allowed to stay in PNG or the tiny Pacific island of Nauru. But nearly all have refused invitations to settle permanently in both locations. Thomas said PNG will not force anyone to remain.  It is the responsibility of Australia to pursue third country options,  he said. Australia s acting Prime Minister Julie Bishop said on Monday that Canberra was exploring possible deals for resettlement, but added  those who have found not to be refugees should go home .  They ve been found by the (United Nations) not to be owed protection so they should return to their homes,  she said. The bulk of the detainees come from war-torn countries such as Syria and Afghanistan, and Pakistan, Iran, Sri Lanka and Myanmar. ",1
16170,At least 29 dead after Islamist attack on Somali hotel,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - An Islamist attack on a hotel in Mogadishu ended on Sunday after 29 people were killed during a siege lasting nearly 12 hours, police said, prompting the government to sack two top security officials over their failure to stop repeated attacks. The attack proved once again that insurgents can carry out deadly assaults in the heart of the Somali capital. Twin bombings in Mogadishu two weeks ago killed more than 350 people, the worst such attacks in the country s history. More than 50 people are still missing. Islamist militants al Shabaab claimed responsibility for  this weekend s attack, which took place ahead of a planned meeting to try to defuse tensions between the federal government and regional states. Government officials had begun to meet at the hotel to discuss strategy.   So far I am sure 29 people died - the death toll may rise,  Abdullahi Nur, a police officer, told Reuters. At least 12 of the dead were police officers, Nur said. A woman was beheaded while her  three children were shot dead , he said. A Reuters witness saw seven bodies lying inside the hotel. (Click tmsnrt.rs/2gTg1ds for a graphic showing map where explosion took place) Three militants were captured alive and two others blew themselves up after they were shot, police said. Some militants may have disguised themselves and escaped with the residents who were rescued from the hotel, one police officer said. The attack began around at 5 p.m. on Saturday when a car bomb rammed the gates of Nasahablod Two hotel, which is close to the presidential palace, and destroyed the hotel s defenses. Then gunmen stormed the building. The explosion destroyed the front of the three-storey hotel and damaged the hotel next door. Many Somali officials live in fortified hotels for the security they offer.  The attack presents a further challenge to the new government of President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, whose defense minister and chief of army staff resigned this month. They did not give their reasons for leaving.  On Sunday, the government sacked the country s police commander, Abdihakin Dahir Saiid, and the director general of the National Intelligence Security Agency, Abdullahi Mohamed Ali, the prime minister s office announced. Abdikadir Abdirahman, director of Amin ambulances, complained the emergency service had been denied access to the blast sight.   After the hotel operation was over, we wanted to transport the casualties ... all entrances of the scene were blocked by security forces. Al Shabaab said 40 people had been killed, including three of its fighters who stormed the hotel. The government and al Shabaab typically give different figures for victims in such attacks.  The twin bombings in Mogadishu on Oct. 14 killed at least 358 people and ignited nationwide outrage. Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility for that attack, but the method  - a large truck bomb - is one it has often used. The militant group wants to overthrow the weak, U.N.-backed government and impose a strict form of Islamic law.  ",1
16171,"U.S. envoy Haley's blunt diplomacy targets South Sudan, Congo","JUBA, South Sudan/KITCHANGA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - In a mountainous camp for displaced Congolese, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley wrapped her arm around an inconsolable woman who recounted being raped twice.   It only makes me more passionate, it makes me more determined,  Haley told a small group of reporters traveling with her during her first trip to Africa.  I ll carry the voices of the women that I met and things that they said.  Dispatched by President Donald Trump to Ethiopia, South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo, Haley s trip was one of the first tangible signs of interest in Africa by the nine-month old administration.  Her challenge: how to show the United States is actively engaged in Africa, where humanitarian and political crises are often overshadowed by more urgent conflicts elsewhere and at the same time honor Trump s avowed  America First  policy which puts U.S. economic and national interests ahead of international commitments. As Africa struggles to win Trump s interest, U.S. policy is more likely to be increasingly focused on countering militant threats. Washington also has a financial interest at stake as it tries to cut U.N. peacekeeping costs, for which it pays more than a quarter. Trump has made a point of saying he would not impose U.S. values on others, raising concerns among activists that human rights issues could take a backseat.   Nowhere is that more in focus than in Niger where a deadly ambush killed four U.S. troops who were there to assist local Nigerian forces fighting a local Islamic State affiliate this month. At the same time, Washington has mostly turned a blind eye to the increasingly authoritarian moves of Niger s former opposition leader, now president Mahamadou Issoufou, as it tries to stop the militant threat from expanding. Haley, a former governor of the U.S. state of South Carolina, was the most senior member of Trump s administration to travel to the three sub-Saharan states in a trip that showed how she balances her political skills with her nascent foreign policy and diplomacy experience. She was moved to tears after visiting displaced Congolese in Kitchanga in the conflict-ravaged east of the country. In Ethiopia s Gambella region, she kicked off her shoes and sat down on the floor to play with South Sudanese toddlers.  Those kids will be 18 one day,  Haley told a small group of reporters during her trip.  They will be an uneducated adult with no social skills that will have resented the fact that they were put in that situation and that s dangerous for the United States and that s dangerous for the world.  With U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson shying away from the spotlight, Haley has carved out a high-profile role for herself. Amid speculation about Tillerson s future Haley said that if she was offered the job:  I would say no.   Known for taking a blunt approach that has raised eyebrows among diplomats at the United Nations, Haley took her direct style to lengthy one-on-one conversations with the South Sudanese and Congolese leaders.  I think bluntness is important, but I also expected it back and I got candid conversations back from them,  she said.  That was very much appreciated because we didn t want to have to sit there and deal with the political talk, we wanted to get to the realities of the situation.  It s not clear yet if South Sudanese and Congolese leaders will heed her message. In Kinshasa she spoke privately with President Joseph Kabila for 90 minutes. She had said Kinshasa must hold a long-delayed election to replace Kabila by the end of next year or the vote will lose international support. But the Congolese opposition was critical of her statement there because it conceded there would be no election this year, in violation of a deal Kabila s camp signed with the opposition last December, without extracting any concessions in return.  Calling for Kabila to stay in power beyond Dec. 31, 2017 is the equivalent, pure and simple, of making oneself complicit with the evil genius!  opposition leader Olivier Kamitatu wrote on Twitter above a photo of Haley from her visit.  In Juba, Haley met with President Salva Kiir for 45 minutes, showing him photos of refugees from her visit to Gambella. South Sudan spiraled into a civil war in 2013, just two years after gaining independence from Sudan, sparked by a feud between Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and his former deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer. The U.S. invested heavily in the process that led to South Sudan s independence. The Trump administration has been far less engaged, let alone influential, in trying to end the war that erupted. Haley plans to meet with Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster this week to discuss her trip.  I ll give options and then if asked I ll give the recommendation,  Haley said.  (Trump) very much wants to know how everybody else feels, he very much takes all that into consideration and then he makes his decision.    ",1
16172,Macedonia's opposition rejects results of municipal vote,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonia s main opposition leader cried foul over local election results after gains for the ruling party in a second round of polls on Sunday, and demanded a snap parliamentary vote. The ruling Social Democrats (SDSM) won in 40 municipalities out of a total 85 in the first round two weeks ago, including in the capital Skopje. Nineteen areas which were undecided on Oct. 16 voted again on Sunday, and the SDSM declared victory in 10. Final results were expected after midnight. Following the second round, the opposition VMRO-DPMNE s leader Nikola Gruevski dismissed the results.  Because of the election violence, raping of democracy ... threats, pressure, massive bribes, the VMRO-DPMNE does not recognize these elections and will never consider them fair and democratic,  Gruevski told reporters.  He said a snap parliamentary vote should be organized by a technical government and demanded the resignation of the head of the state electoral commission and an investigation of the alleged election fraud. Social Democrat Prime Minister Zoran Zaev dismissed Gruevski s claims and asked VMRO-DPMNE to reconsider its rejection of the results.  I am hoping they will find the strength (to act) as  responsible political subjects,  he told reporters.   After the first round, election monitors of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe said fundamental freedoms were respected but that irregularities including violence were also observed. Zaev took office in May, nearly six months after December elections, ending a two-year political crisis over a wiretapping scandal that brought down the previous government.  His coalition deal with parties of ethnic Albanians, who make up nearly one third of the country s population, angered nationalists, who stormed the parliament in April after an ethnic Albanian was elected parliament s speaker.  Macedonia wants to join NATO and the European Union, but it is blocked by Greece which says the name Macedonia implies a territorial claim to its own northern province of the same name.  Macedonia, an ex-Yugoslav republic of about 2 million people, avoided violence during the breakup of the former federation in the 1990s but was rocked by an ethnic Albanian insurgency in 2001.  ",1
16173,Greek government in spat with Spain's ambassador over Catalonia,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece called on Spain s ambassador to Athens on Sunday to rescind statements to a Greek newspaper suggesting that Athens was not supportive of Spanish unity, revealing strains between the European Union partners over a Catalan independence drive.  It is with surprise that we note the comments made by the ambassador of friend and ally Spain, criticising publicly the Greek government,  the Greek Foreign Ministry said in a statement. EU leaders, wary of encouraging separatists across the bloc, have largely backed the Madrid government during a deepening political crisis which culminated last week in the Catalan parliament voting to unilaterally declare the region s independence from Spain. The Spanish Ambassador to Greece, Enrique Viguera, was quoted in Sunday s Eleftheros Typos newspaper as saying that while he had clear assurances of support for Spanish unity from Greece s conservative opposition and from President Prokopis Pavlopoulos, the same was not true of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras s left-wing government.  Statements on the issue from the part of the (Greek) government are absent. However, other European governments warmly supported the territorial integrity of Spain and our government s position,  he said. On Saturday, Greece, through its government spokesman, said it fully supported Spain s territorial integrity and cohesion as well as any initiative to restore democratic dialogue in the framework of Spain s constitution.  We are particularly concerned over the situation in Spain and reiterate that Europe can only advance united. Unilateral actions cannot be acceptable,  government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos said in a statement. The Foreign Ministry accused the ambassador of  insulting Greece s constitution  by suggesting that the country s president did not speak for the government. It also said that by adopting the arguments of the political opposition, Spain s ambassador was interfering in Greece s domestic politics.  We call on the ambassador to avoid behaving in a way that is not in line with diplomatic norms and expect that he will proceed to rescind his unfortunate statements and provide the Greek government with the necessary explanations,  the ministry said.  ",1
16174,Liberia's ruling party backs challenge to presidential result,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s ruling party, whose candidate finished runner-up in the first round of this month s presidential election, said on Sunday it would back a legal challenge to the result, accusing President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of interfering in the vote.     The extraordinary charge by Unity Party against Johnson Sirleaf, one of its own members, throws into question a second round run-off scheduled for Nov. 7 between its candidate Vice President Joseph Boakai and front-runner George Weah. Unity Party said in a statement that the Oct. 10 poll, meant to usher in Liberia s first democratic transition of power since 1944, was  characterised by massive systematic irregularities and fraud .  The statement, read to reporters by Unity Party Chairman Wilmont Paye, said Johnson Sirleaf had acted inappropriately by meeting privately with elections magistrates before the vote.  Greed has resurfaced in its most callous form, sowing seeds of discord yet again with the intent of disrupting the fragile peace of Liberia,  the party said in its statement.     Unity Party officials said they were supporting a legal challenge by Liberty Party of the third-place candidate Charles Brumskine, which has petitioned the elections commission for a re-run of the first round. The All Liberian Party of businessman Benoni Urey also said on Sunday it was backing the complaint.  It doesn t mean we will not take part in the (run-off),  Augustine Ngafuan, Unity Party s national campaign chairman, told Reuters.  We hope the court can rule before the run-off. If not, we will decide what next to do.  An official from the elections commission said it expected to hear the formal complaint on Monday. The commission s findings can be appealed in the Supreme Court. At Johnson Sirleaf s residence, where she was celebrating her 79th birthday, her spokesman Jerolinmek Piah told reporters that he would comment on the accusations later as he did not want to overshadow the festivities. International observers from the European Union, the Carter Center and the National Democratic Institute have said they saw no major problems with the vote. Unity Party s statement cements a falling out between Johnson Sirleaf, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, and her party s leadership after 12 years in power that saw the country consolidate a post-war peace but it also drew sharp criticism over alleged corruption and underdevelopment. Boakai has served as Johnson Sirleaf s vice president since the president s inauguration in 2006. However, Johnson Sirleaf declined to endorse him and he distanced himself from the last administration. Weah, a former soccer star in Europe, won the first round with 38.4 percent of the vote to Boakai s 28.8 percent and has momentum heading into the run-off. On Thursday he picked up the endorsement of former warlord Prince Johnson, who won 8 percent of the vote in the first round.  Morluba Morlu, a senior official from Weah s CDC party, said those challenging the result were  opting to stage trouble .  But no matter what they do ... they cannot stop the election of Ambassador Weah,  he added. Weah has been a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.   ",1
16175,Russian helicopter missing off Norway found: rescue center,"OSLO (Reuters) - The wreckage of a Russian Mi-8 helicopter missing off Svalbard, Norway, since October 26 has been located, Norway s rescue coordination center said on Sunday. The wreckage was found offshore at a depth of 209 meters, it said. Eight Russian men - five crew and three passengers - are assumed dead and the search for them will continue.     ",1
16176,France arrests brother of ex-Burkina president Compaore,"PARIS (Reuters) - Francois Compaore, the younger brother of former Burkina Faso president Blaise Compaore, was taken into custody by French authorities on Sunday in connection with the murder of a journalist, his lawyer said. The killing in 1998 of Norbert Zongo, who published Burkina Faso s Independent newspaper, became a symbol of repression during Blaise Compaore s 27-year rule, which ended in 2014 at the hands of a popular uprising.  Before his death, Zongo had been investigating the murder of a driver who worked for Francois Compaore, and his killing triggered violent protests. Francois Compaore was arrested at Paris s Charles de Gaulle airport after returning to France from Ivory Coast, where his brother lives in exile, his lawyer Pierre-Olivier Sur said in a statement.  Compaore will appear before a judge within 48 hours, he added. Burkina Faso media said he was held on an arrest warrant issued by that country s government. His lawyer said only it was an international arrest warrant. French prosecutors could not immediately be reached for comment on the case. Sur said the charges were politically motivated by a Burkinabe government unable to get its hands on Blaise Compaore, whom the Ivorian government refuses to extradite despite an international warrant for his arrest in connection with the 1987 murder of former president Thomas Sankara. Burkina Faso s uprising and subsequent elections raised hopes the country would finally reckon with past crimes, but some activists say the government of current president Roch Marc Christian Kabore has moved too slowly against former regime members, some of whom serve in the new administration. Authorities opened a trial this week against allies of Blaise Compaore accused of leading a failed coup d etat in 2015, including the alleged mastermind, Compaore s former spy chief General Gilbert Diendere. ",1
16177,"Brazil's Lula, Bolsonaro well positioned for 2018 elections: poll","RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazilian Former President Luiz In cio Lula da Silva and right-wing congressman Jair Bolsonaro would make it to a second round of voting in the 2018 presidential elections if they were held today, an Ibope poll showed on Sunday. The poll, published in the O Globo newspaper, showed center-left Lula winning 35 to 36 percent of the vote in the October 2018 race regardless of the candidates he theoretically runs against.  Law-and-order congressman Bolsonaro, whose popularity has been spurred by rising violence in cities like Rio de Janeiro that were hard-hit by the country s troubled economy, would win 15 percent if he faced off against Lula. Marina Silva, Former Environmental Minister for Lula, would take third placed in any voting field that included Lula as a candidate with 8 to 11 percent of the vote. Silva would tie with Bolsonaro for first place if Lula were out of the picture. Despite Lula s popularity, his political future hangs in the balance after he was convicted in July of receiving bribes from a construction firm in return for help winning government contracts. In August, he said his Workers Party might have to run a different candidate. Ibope s poll of 2,000 people in all of Brazil s states was conducted between Oct. 18 and 22. It has a margin of error of two percentage points.  ",1
16178,"Merkel, party leaders meet to rev up German coalition talks: media","BERLIN (Reuters) - Key allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday downplayed reports about a crisis among parties in a potential coalition government, saying it was important to work out differences and reach a sustainable agreement. Merkel was due to meet with leaders of the other parties on Sunday to smooth the waters after last week s exploratory talks ran into trouble over immigration and climate policy. The chancellor, whose conservative alliance came first but lost seats in the Sept. 24 national election, is trying to forge a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens that is untested at a national level. Bild am Sonntag newspaper said Merkel would try to  rescue  the talks by meeting with Horst Seehofer, who heads the conservative Bavarian CSU party, two officials from the Greens and FDP leader Christian Lindner at an undisclosed location. Volker Kauder, parliamentary leader of the conservatives, told broadcaster ZDF that such meetings were not unusual, even once a coalition had been formed. He said it was important to demonstrate that the mainstream parties could govern, a clear nod to the protest votes that propelled the far-right Alternative for Germany party into parliament for the first time.  It s about more than the individual party positions, it s about building trust in the ability of the democratic parties to take action,  Kauder said. Peter Altmaier, Merkel s chief of staff, told broadcaster ARD a coalition deal looked more promising now than weeks ago, but it could take time to work out solutions on climate and immigration that would stand the test of time.  We need a result that is in the interest of the country and that will last for four years,  he said. The exploratory talks are due to continue Monday after the three sides failed to reach agreement on immigration and climate issues during an 11-hour session on Thursday. The possible coalition partners remain at odds over how to meet carbon dioxide emission targets and capping migration. Many conservatives want to take a harder line on immigration, blaming their election setback on Merkel s decision to allow in more than a million migrants in 2015 and 2016. They want to limit refugee numbers, but the Greens reject such a cap. Other issues such as pensions and labor regulations - which could be on the agenda on Monday - appear less contentious. The three blocs are also nearing agreement on the issue of legalizing marijuana through pharmacies or other licensed distributors, the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper reported. Alexander Lambsdorff, deputy leader of the FDP parliamentary group, said the FDP and Greens had  no choice but to talk to each other  given the current political circumstances. The Social Democrats, junior partner to the conservatives over the last four years, have vowed to stay in opposition. ",1
16179,Philippines' Duterte says to deal with Trump in 'most righteous way',"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Sunday he would deal with U.S. President Donald Trump  in the most righteous way  when they meet next month to discuss regional security and Manila s war on drugs. Trump will travel to Asia on Nov. 3-14 amid rising tensions over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. He will be in Manila on the last leg of his trip, which includes visits to Japan, South Korea, China, and Vietnam, to attend the ASEAN leaders  summit. Trump will meet with Duterte but will skip the larger meeting in Manila with heads of states and governments from China, South Korea, Japan, India, Australia and New Zealand.  It would be terrorism, cooperation between the two countries, the fight against drugs. I expect to be dealing with him around these topics,  Duterte said in a media briefing before leaving for Japan to meet Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  I would deal with President Trump in the most righteous way, welcome him as an important leader,  he said.  I would have to also listen to him, what he has to say.   Duterte is known for his often profanity-laden tirades against the United States, chiding Washington for treating the Philippines  like a dog,  despite the two nations  longstanding relationship. The Philippines  leader announced his  separation  from the United States during a visit to Beijing a year ago, declaring he had realigned with China as the two agreed to resolve their South China Sea dispute through talks. Duterte was infuriated by expressions of concern by members of former President Barack Obama s administration about extrajudicial killings in the Philippines. But Trump, in a phone call to Duterte in May, praised the Philippine leader for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem  despite human rights groups  condemnation of Duterte s drug crackdown, in which thousands of people have been killed. Human rights, rule of law and due process are among  important developments  the two leaders would likely discuss during their bilateral talks, Sung Kim, U.S. ambassador to Manila, told foreign correspondents last week. Duterte is accused by international human rights groups of supporting a campaign of extrajudicial killings of drug suspects in the Philippines, which his government denies. He defended his 16-month-old campaign last week, telling Southeast Asian lawyers at a gathering in Manila that he had been  demonized  and denying allegations of state-sponsored killings of drug dealers and users. Duterte, speaking in Davao City on Sunday night, said the situation in the Korean Peninsula would be the main agenda item in his talks with Trump.  We are worried. If anything can go wrong, it will go wrong,  he said.  A nuclear war is totally unacceptable to everybody.  Duterte said it would be good if the United States, Japan and South Korea would sit down and talk to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and  tell him that nobody s threatening him, that there would be no war, and that if you can just tone down or stand down, stop the threats, and that would be the same for America.  Duterte previously described Kim as a  fool  and  son of a bitch  for  playing with dangerous toys.  Duterte said the North Korea threats would also be discussed during his meeting with Abe, along with Tokyo s assistance to rebuild the conflict-torn Marawi City in southern Philippines and for Manila s infrastructure projects. ",1
16180,Hundreds rally in France to protest sexual harassment after Weinstein scandal,"PARIS (Reuters) - Hundreds of women attended rallies in Paris and other French cities on Sunday to protest against sexual harassment in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal.  U.S. movie mogul Weinstein has been accused by numerous women of having sexually harassed or assaulted them in incidents dating back to the 1980s, including three who said they were raped. Weinstein denies having non-consensual sex with anyone.  Justice for Women ;  We Won t Remain Silent ;  The Shame Should Switch Sides  read some of the signs held by French demonstrators, who were predominantly women.  In Paris, protesters gathered at the Place de la Republique square under a grayish rainy sky, responding to a call that spread globally last week on social networks under the hashtag #MeToo.  The hashtag has been used by millions of women across the world to share their experiences of sexual harassment and abuse on Twitter and rolling posts on Facebook. Among those at the rally in Paris was 88-year-old Vivianne Rouis, who attended with her daughter and granddaughter.  At my age it s over, nothing s going to happen to me. But my daughter, my granddaughter, it s true that I think about them a lot,  Rouis told Reuters TV.  It has to stop. Because we re not objects,  she added. Other protesters urged victims to speak up.   It s less and less taboo in our society and I think it s important that women, and even men, who are abused, speak about it more freely,  said Luana da Costa, 17. Hundreds of thousands of accounts of sexual harassment or abuse have been published under the French #balancetonporc or #squealonyourpig hashtag on Twitter over the past few weeks, including from prominent actresses such as Lea Seydoux. Some conservatives say the new trend amounts to an attack on the French way of life in the name of U.S.-style puritanism. Nationwide consultations started this month over a proposed new law that will include steps to fight sexual harassment on the streets as well as extend the statute of limitations for rape on minors. ",1
16181,Protesters storm Kurdistan parliament after Barzani announces resignation,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Demonstrators, some carrying clubs, stormed the Iraqi Kurdistan parliament building in Erbil on Sunday, angry at the decision of Masoud Barzani to step down from the presidency of the region, witnesses said. Gunshots were heard as protesters who claimed they were  Peshmerga  Kurdish fighters forced their way inside the building, they said. ",1
16182,"""Nobody stood with the Kurds"" says bitter Barzani","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani gave a bitter speech on Sunday to announce his resignation, saying no one outside the Kurds  home region had stood up to support their right of self-determination.  Barzani made a televised speech after the Iraqi Kurdistan  parliament approved his request not to extend his term beyond Nov. 1, after an independence referendum he championed last month backfired and triggered military and economic retaliation against the Kurdish region he has been leading since 2005.  Three million votes for Kurdistan independence created history and cannot be erased,  he said, referring to the referendum held on Sept. 25.   Nobody stood up with us other than our mountains,  he said, speaking with Kurdish and Iraqi flags behind him. He criticized the United States for allowing Abrams tanks  supplied to Iraqi forces to fight Islamic State militants to be used against the Kurds. He said American weapons were also used in attacks by Iranian-backed paramilitaries.  Without the help of Peshmerga (Kurdish fighters), Iraqi forces could not have liberated Mosul from ISIS alone,  he said, referring to Islamic State s former stronghold in northern Iraq.  Why would Washington want to punish Kurdistan?  He said followers of rival Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani, who died in early October, had been guilty of  high treason  for handing over the oil city of Kirkuk to Iraqi forces without a fight two weeks ago.  He said the Iraqi offensives since Oct. 16 and the refusal of the Iraqi government to agree to dialogue vindicated his view that  Iraq no longer believes in Kurdish rights . ",1
16183,British minister to be investigated over sexual harassment allegation," (Note: Readers might find some language offensive in paragraph 2) LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has ordered an investigation into a report that one of her ministers asked a female secretary to buy sex toys for him, as she tries to tackle a culture of sexual harassment in politics. Mark Garnier, a junior international trade minister, asked secretary Caroline Edmondson to buy two sex toys and he also called her  sugar tits , the Mail on Sunday reported. Garnier told the paper that the comment was part of an amusing conversation about a television show, and that asking her to buy the toys was  good humored high jinks .  Edmondson, in comments to the paper, disputed Garnier s recollection of the incidents, including his assertion that they were  high jinks . The report came after another British newspaper, the Sun, on Friday described a culture of sexual harassment among lawmakers and their staff working in parliament.     Garnier was not immediately available for comment to Reuters through his constituency or parliamentary offices. May s spokeswoman said on Friday after the Sun s report that any unwanted sexual behavior was  completely unacceptable  and any minister who acted inappropriately would face  serious action . Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said on Sunday May had asked officials to investigate if Garnier, whose role is outside the cabinet immediately surrounding May, had broken the government ministers  code of behavior.   These stories, if they are true, are obviously totally unacceptable,  Hunt told BBC television.  The Cabinet Office will be conducting an investigation as to whether there has been a breach of the ministerial code in this particular case, but as you know the facts are disputed.  May, in a letter released to media, also asked John Bercow, the speaker of the lower house of parliament, the House of Commons, on Sunday for his advice about changing the culture there.  I believe it is important that those who work in the House of Commons are treated properly and fairly, as would be expected in any modern workplace,  May said in the letter. She said measures such as a disciplinary procedure suggested by the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority and a voluntary code of conduct offered by the Conservative Party to its lawmakers did not go far enough.  I believe that we must establish a House-wide mediation service complemented by a contractually binding grievance procedure available for all MPs (lawmakers) irrespective of their party banner,  she said in the letter.  It is vital that staff and the public have confidence in parliament, and resolving this employment irregularity on a cross-party basis can play an important role in this.  Reports of inappropriate behavior in British politics, and in other industries, came in the wake of dozens of allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein. Weinstein has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone. Britain s environment minister Michael Gove apologized on Saturday after he likened being interviewed by a BBC radio presenter to entering Weinstein s bedroom. After the analogy was widely criticized, Gove, a cabinet minister, apologized for what he said was a  clumsy attempt at humor . The Sun newspaper said on Friday that women working in politics in Westminster had created a WhatsApp instant messaging group to discuss their experiences of harassment and warn others about potential perpetrators.  The prime minister was very clear when we responded to the reports about Harvey Weinstein in the last few weeks that any unwanted sexual behavior is completely unacceptable, and that is true in any walk of life including politics,  May s spokeswoman said on Friday.  ",1
16184,"In Kenya, polarizing election re-run rekindles ethnic tensions","MUHORONI, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenya s repeat presidential election, boycotted this week by millions, has reignited long-running tensions between ethnic communities in some areas, leading inhabitants of one small village in the west to pick up traditional arms on Saturday.  In the bright green sugarcane fields where the western Nyanza region rolls toward the Nandi hills, two tribes   the Luo and the Kalenjin   have lived in relative peace for years.  But in the village of Koguta, down the road from the town of Mugoroni in Kisumu County, Thursday s polarizing vote reignited old grievances.  The stand-off, defused by an emergency intervention of three county governors, was a stark reminder of how easily Kenya s months-long political crisis could spark the type of ethnic violence that killed 1,200 people after a flawed 2007 vote.  On one side of Koguta are Kalenjins, here ardent supporters of President Uhuru Kenyatta and his Kalenjin deputy, William Ruto. But the Luos across the road support opposition leader Raila Odinga, who called for a boycott of the vote because he said it would not be fair.  Some of the Luos here fought police to stop ballot boxes being delivered. The Luo accused the Kalenjin of stealing cattle and burning their sugarcane crop in revenge, prompting both sides to grab machetes, spears, bows and arrows, and wooden clubs.   This is an area where they tried to come in with ballot boxes, there was serious resistance, so that was the genesis of all this enmity between the Kalenjins and the Luos,  said Julius Genga, a county legislator, as a colleague stood atop a sports utility vehicle to calm a crowd of men with spears. The opposition dismissed the vote as a  sham  although Kenyatta s supporters say it was legitimate. Protests stopped four counties from opening polling stations at all. Only a third of voters turned up, and the opposition is likely to challenge the poll in court.   This has to do with politics,  said Collins Owuor, 21, holding a machete.  Before politics we did not have problems with these people.  In the distance, where smoke rose from sugarcane fields, Reuters saw police speaking to spear-wielding Kalenjins, but the local police chief warned journalists away.  By the end of the afternoon s meetings, the cattle had been returned and officials said they hoped the risk of violence had been quelled. Koguta is not the only place where simmering ethnic tensions have broken into the open.  On Friday night in the Nairobi slum of Kawangware, a man was beaten to death and homes and shop burned down amid rumors that a TRIBAL militia had infiltrated the neighborhood of a different tribe.  In Thursday s vote, Kenyatta only faced six minor candidates, none of whom won more than 1 percent in August, and that and the low turnout have quashed his hopes of securing a decisive mandate to lead east Africa s richest economy. Deputy president William Ruto, Kenyatta s running mate, told CNN on Saturday he expected the final tally from the vote to be ready by Sunday:   Shortly we will be having a declaration and finally a swearing in, in accordance with the constitution.     The election board said on Saturday it would soon announce a new plan for the nearly 30 of 290 constituencies that have not voted yet. The constitution says the vote must be  held in every constituency.  More legal cases against the election are expected next week. If the courts fail to find a path out of the crisis, including a possible order for another rerun, the protracted and economically damaging stalemate between the Kenyatta and Odinga camps is likely to continue. The electoral saga is polarizing the nation and slowing growth in what has been one of Africa s most vibrant economies, which is also a regional trade hub and a security ally for Western nations.  In Odinga strongholds, residents accused authorities of trying to  force  voter participation.  This is pure oppression,  said Hassan Hussein, a Muslim community leader.  The law says if you want to vote, you vote, if not, you don t.      ",1
16185,Man killed with arrows in Kenyan village on edge over elections,"KOGUTA/KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - The body of a man was found in a sugarcane field in western Kenya on Sunday, a day after high-level officials visited the area aiming to calm ethnic tensions inflamed by this week s presidential election.  The Luo community largely boycotted Thursday s election, which was supposed to pit opposition leader Raila Odinga, a Luo, against President Uhuru Kenyatta, a Kikuyu with a Kalenjin deputy president. The Supreme Court ordered a repeat of the vote after it nullified Kenyatta s win in an August election on procedural grounds. The motive for the killing of 64-year-old George Odumbe and the identity of its perpetrators were unclear. It came a day after villagers from the Luo and Kalenjin communities armed themselves against each other.  The body of Odumbe, a Luo laborer at a sugar company, was found with three arrows in the back and severe head wounds, a Reuters witness in the village of Koguta said. It was found in a field between Koguta and the nearby Kalenjin village of Mau. Locals warned the death of the Luo man could spark tit-for-tat violence.  There s a desire for revenge by the Luo community, I m trying to tell them to stay calm, but they are so bitter and angry,  Gordon Onyango, 32, a Luo, said.  The two sides are both having meetings now and they are both armed.   Reuters was unable to speak with the Kalenjin community in Mau, but saw a group of young men from the village gathered under a tree. Most were armed with bows and arrows. Odinga withdrew from the rerun election, saying it would not be fair. In his strongholds in the west, an area that has long felt excluded from political and economic power, protesters prevented polling stations from opening in four counties.  Across Kenya, 10 percent of polling stations were unable to open, although there were no problems in Kenyatta s areas. Turnout dropped to 43 percent from 80 percent in August, the election commission said. In some parts of the country, such as Koguta in Kisumu county, protests damaged relations with other communities who wanted to vote for Kenyatta.  That anger risks igniting ethnic violence, which killed around 1,200 people after a disputed 2007 presidential vote, but which has been largely absent from this election. At least 51 people have been killed in political violence since August, but most deaths have occurred in clashes between protesters and police. Police, although stationed only 400 meters from where the body was discovered, declined to visit the scene for several hours until reinforcements arrived.  Police did not answer calls from Reuters. But Julius Genga, a county legislator, said by phone while he was driving to the scene:  We want the police to be deployed to try to restore calm because after the death of this man, tension is boiling up and we don t want it to escalate it to unmanageable levels.  Kericho county governor Paul Chepkwony told Reuters that he hoped the death would be  an isolated one . Not all recent attacks were ethnically based. On Friday police shot dead a man who was part of a group that stormed the home of former lawmaker James Rege, who had defected to the ruling party from Odinga s movement three years into his term, Homa Bay police commander Marius Tum told Reuters on Sunday.  Both Rege and his attackers were Luo, Tum said, and police were investigating whether other lawmakers had organised the attack.  ",1
16186,Kenya opposition leader calls for calm in slum hit by deadly violence,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga called for calm on Sunday as he visited a slum in the capital that was hit by violence when a political stand-off over a repeat presidential election fed into rising ethnic tensions. Clashes in Kawangware and in a village in western Kenya following Thursday s vote were the first signs that face-offs between Odinga supporters and the police might eventually morph into neighbors turning against each other.  A country cannot be ruled by the gun. Standing here in this church we want to condemn the militarization of politics in this country,  Odinga told residents in the Nairobi slum. The veteran opposition leader had boycotted the re-run of an August presidential election that was nullified by Kenya s Supreme Court on procedural grounds, leaving President Uhuru Kenyatta with an almost free run against six minor candidates. On Friday, a day after the repeat vote was held in most of the country, ethnic violence in Kawangware saw dozens of homes and shops torched and one man killed. Most of buildings torched belonged to residents from the Kenyatta s Kikuyu tribe.  One man from Odinga s Luo group was killed overnight near  Koguta village in the west of the country, after residents from two ethnic groups backing different candidates armed themselves.  If such isolated incidents become a trend, it could ignite large swathes of Kenya, as happened after a 2007 presidential election when weeks of violence left 1,200 dead. That sent ripples throughout East Africa, which relies on Kenya as a trade and diplomatic hub.  In his speech, Odinga condemned violence generally and did not single out any particular attack.   We have come here to give consolation to those who were beaten and killed. We as NASA condemn what happened,  he told worshippers at a church in Kawangware, referring to his National Super Alliance, an opposition coalition.  Odinga boycotted Thursday s vote because he said the contest would not be fair. Instead, he wanted the Oct. 26 contest dismissed and fresh elections held within 90 days.  His withdrawal means Kenyans are watching the turnout, rather than the result, for an indication of Kenyatta s popularity for a second, five-year term.  Results published on Sunday by the election commission showed that Kenyatta had won slightly more than 98 percent of the vote with results in from 244 out of 291 constituencies.  Turnout for the constituencies counted so far was 43 percent. That figure is likely to decrease when it includes returns of 0 from least 23 constituencies where authorities were unable to open even a single polling station because of protests by Odinga s supporters.  The election board planned to try to hold elections there on Saturday, but postponed the plan amid fears of further violence. ",1
16187,Kurdish leader Barzani's dream of independence led to downfall,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Masoud Barzani, who spent decades leading the long-oppressed Kurds, confirmed on Sunday he was stepping down as president of the Kurdistan Regional Government after his drive for independence backfired. After decades of struggle, critics say Barzani made one of his biggest mistakes by pushing hard for a Sept. 25 referendum.  Kurds voted overwhelmingly for independence, but won little sympathy outside their region. As well as the Iraqi government, Turkey and Iran threatened to take tough action against any move towards secession, fearing it would encourage their own restive Kurdish populations to follow suit.  The United States and other Western powers joined the chorus of opposition to the vote. The Baghdad government rejected it as illegal and sent troops to seize the oil city of Kirkuk, which the Kurds regard as the heart of any future homeland. In just a few hours, the city the Kurds regard as sacred was gone, along with other Kurdish-held territory across the north.  Some accused Barzani of having led his people to disaster. For many years, he had used cunning and patience to help the Kurds survive long years of brutality under Saddam Hussein. After the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam in 2003, Barzani became a central figure in the drive to create an autonomous Kurdish state in northern Iraq. Kurdish leaders kept their territory relatively free of the sectarian bloodshed that plagued most of Iraq. Western oil executives flocked to the region seeking deals.   Kurds showed their military capability by joining Iraqi government troops and Iranian-backed paramilitary forces to drive Islamic State militants out of Mosul. Confident that the time was right for an independent homeland, Barzani pursued the referendum.  It resulted in overwhelming support for secession. But the joy was short-lived as Iraqi government forces and Shi ite paramilitaries shattered the Kurds  dreams with a series of lightning military advances.  Barzani was born in 1946, soon after his legendary father founded a party to fight for the rights of Iraqi Kurds.  Deeply influenced by his father, Mulla Mustafa Barzani, known as the Lion of Kurdistan, Masoud Barzani joined the Kurdish guerrilla forces known as the Peshmerga at the age of 16 and gained fighting experience in the mountains. The younger Barzani would become familiar with one of the popular themes in Kurdish history - betrayal by regional and Western powers. Exiled and dying of cancer in a Washington hospital in 1976, Mulla Mustafa lamented that he had ever trusted the United States.   A year earlier, Mulla Mustafa had been fighting a guerrilla war against Baghdad backed by Iran s pro-Western shah, but he was left high and dry when then-U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger brokered a deal that allowed Saddam to crush the Kurds. During the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war, Masoud Barzani allied the Kurdistan Democratic Party that he had inherited from his father with Tehran once more. It did not go well. Some 8,000 Barzani tribesmen were rounded up and paraded through Baghdad before being executed. In Saddam s words:  They went to hell.  Despite the massacres, and Iraqi chemical attacks, Barzani retained enough of a fighting force to respond to President George Bush s appeal for an uprising during the 1991 Gulf War. Taking Bush at his word, the Kurds rose up against Saddam,  and Barzani and his Peshmerga - known as  those who face death  - came down from the mountains to join the uprising and capture several cities in the north. But the victorious allies balked at the prospect of a Kurdish split from Baghdad and did nothing to stop Saddam s troops and helicopter gunships from crushing the rebellion.   While more than a million Kurds fled to Turkey and Iran, many dying of hunger and exposure on the way, Barzani stayed to fight on.  He was saved by a U.S. and British no-fly zone established over the north in 1991 which allowed him and his Kurdish rival, Jalal Talabani, to retake the area.   This was followed by the longest period of Kurdish autonomy in modern history, but it was scarred by civil war between Barzani and Talabani s Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in the mid-1990s.   Barzani invited Iraqi government tanks into the region in 1996 to seize the regional capital Erbil, sending not only Talabani, but dozens of CIA personnel and their local employees fleeing before them. Talabani died barely a week after last month s referendum.  Barzani s exit will leave the Kurds lacking direction, with their two main leaders gone. ",1
16188,Copts call for action over church closures in southern Egypt,"MINYA, Egypt (Reuters) - Coptic Christians in the south of Egypt renewed calls on local authorities for an end to discrimination, after a number of churches have been closed down in recent weeks.  Two churches in two separate villages in the southern province of Minya have been shut down by the authorities, a statement by the Minya diocese said.  It said worshippers were harassed at both churches and pelted with rocks at one of them.    We have kept quiet for two weeks after the closure of one of the churches, but due to our silence the situation has worsened ... it is as if prayer is a crime the Copts must be punished for,  the statement, dated Saturday, read. A third church was closed following rumors of a pending attack, but the diocese said no attack has taken place since and the church remains closed.  The Minya security directorate spokesman declined to comment. The governor s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Coptic Christians, who make up 10 percent of Egypt s population of nearly 95 million, say they have been persecuted for years. Many feel the state does not take their plight seriously enough. Nonetheless, the Copts are vocal supporters of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who has vowed to crush Islamist extremism and protect Christians. He declared a three-month state of emergency in the aftermath of two church bombings in April which has since been renewed. Though Islamic State has long waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in Egypt s Sinai peninsula, it has stepped up its assault on Christian civilians in the mainland. In an attack claimed by the group in May, gunmen ambushed a group of Coptic Christians traveling to a monastery in Minya, killing 29 and wounding 24. ",1
16189,"Syrian army, allies step up attacks on last militant bastion in Deir al-Zor city","AMMAN (Reuters) - The Syrian army, supported by Russian jets and Iranian-backed militias, escalated bombing on Sunday of areas of the Syrian city of Deir al-Zor still held by Islamic State. Former residents and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said there were heavy aerial strikes on eastern Syria s largest city as troops pushed towards the Hay al Umal area, which overlooks some of the remaining militant-held neighborhoods where an estimated 1,500 civilians are trapped. The Syrian army has gradually tightened the noose around the militants after it opened a land route into the city in September with the help of Russian air strikes and Iran-backed militias, breaking a siege that had lasted nearly three years.  The situation is catastrophic, there are families under the rubble and others who fled have no shelter,  said Sheikh Awad al Hajr, a tribal leader, referring to the plight of those remaining inside the city and in cities, towns and farms in the fertile strip along the Euphrates bordering Iraq. Fighting and relentless air strikes in Deir al-Zor province, the last stronghold of the Islamic State, have prompted tens of thousands of civilians to flee, former residents and aid workers say.  Relatives of some civilians and Syrian opposition figures accuse the Russian army of bombing boats and dinghies carrying families fleeing the western banks of the Euphrates. Moscow denies it targets civilians in its military operations in Syria and says it hits only militant hideouts and facilities.     Russia has thrown its military weight behind the Syrian army campaign to regain the strategic oil-rich province which has become the focus of Syria s more than six-year long civil war. They are racing with U.S- backed forces to grab territory from Islamic State. While the Syrian army appeared to make more gains inside Deir al-Zor city, the militants made a surprise offensive in the last 24 hours that pushed back pro-government and Iranian-backed militias from Albu Kamal, the last border post on the Syrian Iraqi border still in militant hands.[L8N1N25IJ]  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and former residents said the jihadists recaptured the strategic towns of al Qwaira and Makhan on Saturday in several deadly ambushes that inflicted heavy casualties on pro-government and Iranian Shi ite militias. The latest jihadist assault pushed back the army to the city of Mayadeen, further north along the Euphrates river that the militants lost earlier this month. [L8N1MX05W]  The Islamic State was able to push back the regime and its Iranian-backed militias to the heart of the city of Mayadeen,  said Amer Huweidi, an activist from the city in touch with locals and residents. Mayadeen is a strategic city that has been a base for the militants after they were driven out of their de facto Syrian capital in Raqqa city. The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State is waging a separate campaign against the group in Deir al-Zor, focused on areas to the east of the Euphrates River which bisects the province.  The coalition secured the Omar oilfield, Syria s largest oilfield, this month.[L8N1MX05W] ",1
16190,Austrian police hunt gunman after two killed in shooting,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Austrian police are searching for a 66-year-old man suspected of shooting dead two neighbors and wounding a third before escaping in a white Volkswagen van. The suspect from the Graz area is suspected of killing a 64-year-old man and a 65-year-old woman and wounding a 48-year-old woman in a dispute among neighbors, Styria province police said in a statement. The suspect fled in a Volkswagen van whose number plate matched that of one with a poster reading  Heil Hitler  across its rear window that was shown on an Austrian website. The website offers users a platform to criticize alleged abuses of power by justice officials. Police warned residents not to approach the suspect amid a search stretching across neighboring provinces. ",1
16191,Trump and Netanyahu share a kiss on West Bank wall mural,"BETHLEHEM, West Bank (Reuters) - Another Donald Trump mural believed to be the work of Australian graffiti artist Lushsux has popped up on Israel s barrier in the occupied West Bank, this time depicting the U.S. president sharing a kiss with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. His face hidden by a headdress, a man who identified himself as Lushsux said against the backdrop of a cement section of the Israeli wall in Bethlehem that he hoped his painting would draw attention to Palestinians stuck in  an indoor prison . The Bethlehem wall has become a showcase of protest art voicing Palestinians  fears that Israel s West Bank fence-and-concrete barrier is a land grab that may deny them a state. Israelis deem the project a bulwark against Palestinian attack.  The wall is a message in itself,  the man, who said he painted the mural overnight, told Reuters.  I don t need to write  Free Palestine  or something like that, something really direct ... that people will ignore.  I just paint what I usually paint and maybe people will start looking at the background and looking at the razor wire and looking at people stuck in here, and maybe that ll work better,  he said in Australian-accented English. Murals on the barrier believed to be the work of Lushsux include one showing Trump kissing an Israeli watchtower and another depicting him placing his hand on the barrier and thinking about building a similar wall on the U.S. border with Mexico. ",1
16192,Iceland leans toward leftist government in snap election,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Icelanders, angry over a string of political scandals, ousted their center-right government in an election that could pave the way for a charismatic young opposition leader to form a left-leaning coalition, final vote counts showed on Sunday. With the defeat of incumbent Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson s coalition government, his main opponent, the Left-Green Movement s Katrin Jakobsdottir, is likely to get a chance to form a narrow majority in parliament. Still, the composition of any coalition government remained uncertain, as the president had not yet mandated a party to form one. The Nordic island of 340,000 people, one of the countries hit hardest by the 2008 financial crisis, has staged a remarkable economic rebound spurred by a tourism boom. Benediktsson called the snap election in September, after less than a year in government, as a scandal involving his father prompted the Bright Future party to drop out of his ruling coalition, citing a breach of trust. The previous government was defeated last year following revelations in the Panama Papers about then-Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson s use of offshore tax havens. In addition to the political scandals, a growing sense of inequality and unease about immigration in one of the world s most ethnically homogeneous nations have rattled a democracy known for its political and social stability. After the final vote count, Jakobsdottir, 41, of the Left-Greens stood to gain a narrow majority in parliament with three other opposition parties. The result showed a Left-Green-led coalition was possible if they joined forces with the Social Democrats, the Progressive Party and the Pirate Party. Together, they would hold 32 of parliament s 63 seats.   The opposition has a majority, so that s a message. But we ve also talked about that maybe things should be done differently and create a broader government,  Jakobsdottir said in a TV debate on Sunday. The Left-Greens want to reduce inequality and fund an increase in public health care, education and infrastructure spending by raising taxes for the wealthy and introducing a property tax.  The parliament will be split among eight parties. There are two new parties, and one of the parties in the current tri-party government failed to get enough votes to remain in parliament. The Independence Party, the main partner in the current government coalition, lost 4 percentage points from last year s election to take 25 percent of the vote. It remains the biggest party, but the election was the worst since 2009 for a party that has dominated Iceland s politics for decades, getting support of as much as 40 percent of voters. Asked during the TV debate if the Independence Party would get the chance to form a new government, Benediktsson said:  I think so. We are the biggest party, and I think it s normal that we should be a part of a future government.  We are attacked as a party that bears responsibility for certain things,  he said.  We are in a new environment, and considering that I am happy with the result.  His party wants to reduce the national debt and cut taxes on individuals and businesses.  The Left-Greens came in second with 17 percent, up 1 percentage point from last year s election, and its probable ally the Social Democrats in third with 12 percent, almost doubling its share.  I think that the opposition with one extra party can create a really strong government,  said Social Democrat leader Logi Einarsson, hinting at the possibility of a five-party government. The new Centre Party, which was formed in September by former Prime Minister Gunnlaugsson, won 11 percent of the votes. The Pirate Party, which last year rode a wave of anger against the establishment to become the third biggest party in parliament, stood to get 9 percent of votes in Saturday s election down from 14 percent last year. ",1
16193,Turkey detains 143 people over suspected Islamic State links: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police detained 143 people over suspected links to Islamic State in anti-terror operations in eight cities over the weekend, the state-run Anadolu Agency said on Sunday. Counter-terrorism police detained 49 foreign nationals on Saturday during operations in the capital Ankara, Anadolu said. Some of the detained were believed to be preparing for an attack on Oct. 29, Turkey s Republic Day. The police raided houses in Bursa, a northwestern province of Turkey, and detained 39 people including 28 Syrian nationals and two Azerbaijani nationals on Sunday, Anadolu said. Eight of the detained suspects were minors, it said. On Sunday morning, police detained 22 people in the northeastern province of Erzurum as part of an investigation into terrorist organizations. The detained included suspected senior members of the organizations, Anadolu said. Police also detained 33 suspects in five other cities including Istanbul and Izmir as part of anti-terror operations over the weekend, Anadolu said. Police confiscated several weapons, ammunition, digital data and documents during the operations, it said. ",1
16194,"Rouhani says Iran will keep producing missiles, state TV reports","DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran will continue to produce missiles for its defense and does not consider that a violation of international accords, President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday in a speech broadcast on state television. Rouhani spoke days after the U.S. House of Representatives voted for new sanctions against Iran s ballistic missile program, part of an effort to clamp down on Tehran without immediately moving to undermine an international nuclear agreement. He also meet the head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog in Tehran, who again vouched for Iran s compliance with the 2015 accord that curbed its nuclear program in return for sanctions relief, which has drawn fire from U.S. President Donald Trump.  We have built, are building and will continue to build missiles, and this violates no international agreements,  Rouhani said in a speech in parliament.  The United States has already imposed unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate a U.N. resolution, that calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons. Iran denies seeking nuclear weapons and says it has no plans to build nuclear-capable missiles. Rouhani also criticized the United States over Trump s refusal this month to formally certify that Tehran is complying with the accord on Iran s nuclear program, even though international inspectors say it is.    You are disregarding past negotiations and agreements approved by the U.N. Security council and expect others to negotiate with you?  Rouhani said.  Because of the behavior it has adopted, America should forget any future talks and agreement with other countries,  Rouhani added, referring to unnamed countries in East Asia, an apparent reference to North Korea. Yukiya Amano, the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), met Rouhani, President of the Atomic Energy Organisation of Iran Ali Akbar Salehi, and Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in Tehran, an IAEA statement said.  Director General Amano reiterated that the nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran are being implemented, and that the JCPOA represents a clear gain from a verification point of view,  it said, using an abbreviation for the 2015 accord.  For the future, he stressed the importance of full implementation by Iran of its nuclear-related commitments in order to make the JCPOA sustainable.  Trump s decision not to certify Iranian compliance with the landmark nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers means Congress now has less than 60 days to decide whether to re-impose sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the agreement that Amano s agency is in charge of policing. Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said Tehran will stick to the agreement as long as the other signatories do, but will  shred  the deal if Washington pulls out, as Trump has threatened to do. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has pressed the IAEA to seek access to Iranian military bases to ensure that they are not concealing activities banned by the nuclear deal. Asked whether Amano had made any requests for new inspections, Salehi said after meeting Amano:  He has no request in this area,  Iran s state news agency IRNA reported. Salehi said Iran could resume production of 20 percent enriched uranium in four days, but did not want the Iran deal to fall apart. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Saturday that he could not imagine the United States ever accepting a nuclear North Korea, and stressed during a week-long trip to Asia that diplomacy was America s preferred course. ",1
16195,"Iraqi forces, Kurdish Peshmerga start new round of talks, Iraqi State TV says","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters on Sunday started a second round of talks to resolve a conflict over control of the Kurdistan region s border crossings, Iraqi state TV said.  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Friday ordered a 24-hour suspension of military operations against Kurdish forces in northern Iraq. The two sides held a first round of talks on Friday and Saturday . Abadi said the talks are meant to prepare for the peaceful deployment of Iraqi troops at the border crossings with Turkey, Iran and Syria in Iraq s Kurdistan region. Clashes broke out between the two sides after Iraqi forces captured the oil-rich city of Kirkuk from the Peshmerga, in a surprise offensive ordered by Abadi after the Kurds held an independence referendum in northern Iraq on Sept. 25. Kirkuk is part of so-called disputed areas, claimed by both the Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq.  The second round of talks about deploying federal troops in the disputed areas has started,  State TV said, giving no further details. Abadi wants to take control of the disputed areas and the border crossings, including one in the Fish-Khabur area through which an oil export pipeline crosses into Turkey, carrying Iraqi and Kurdish crude oil. The KRG on Wednesday proposed an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi constitution  - a call rejected by Baghdad. U.S.-backed Iraqi government forces, Iranian-backed paramilitaries and Kurdish fighters fought alongside each other to defeat Islamic State, also called ISIS, but the alliance has faltered with the militants largely defeated in the country. The multi-ethnic city of Kirkuk, which lies outside the KRG s official boundaries, fell to Iraqi forces without much resistance on Oct. 16. But the Peshmerga began to fight back as they withdrew closer to the core of the Kurdish region. The fall of Kirkuk, considered by many Kurds the heart of their fatherland, was a major symbolic and financial blow to the Kurdish drive for independence championed by KRG President Masoud Barzani, since it halved the region s oil export revenue. The most violent clashes happened in the northwestern corner as the Peshmerga fought back offensives toward Fish-Khabur and south of their capital, Erbil, leaving dozens of casualties on both sides. Speaking in Geneva on Thursday, U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he was  disappointed that the parties have been unable to reach an entirely peaceful resolution  and that he had encouraged Abadi to accept the KRG  overtures for talks on the basis of the Iraqi constitution . Abadi demanded on Thursday that the Kurds declare their referendum void, rejecting the KRG offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks.  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the constitution,  he said in a statement during a visit to Tehran. ",1
16196,"Losses, looting as Philippine war's fortunate few return home","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Khaliluddin Ismail returned home on Sunday after five months of war in the southern Philippines to find his house ransacked. But he s still smiling.  At least we have something left,  he said, standing in a room with clothes, toys, ornaments and damaged pictures strewn across the floor.  Others have nothing. They lost their homes, they lost their lives.  Ismail, 44, the Imam of a nearby mosque, considers himself one of the luckiest people in Marawi. The city was devastated by more than 150 days of battles between government forces and pro-Islamic State militants that killed more than 1,100 people and displaced some 350,000. His house is in Marawi s safe zone, an area long abandoned by residents but untouched by unrelenting shelling and military air strikes that have all but flattened the city s commercial heart, destroying thousands of homes, shops and vehicles. Six days after troops killed the last remaining rebels, Ismail was among about 4,000 people allowed to return to their homes on Sunday in Marawi s Basak Malutlot area. Many like him have discovered their houses were looted and left in disarray.  I opened the door and I was shocked, but I m still happy to be home,  he said. Ismail fled with his family on May 24 during a fierce three-day firefight that erupted just 50 meters away, when security forces tried to raid the hideout of notorious militant leader Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s anointed  emir  in Southeast Asia. Hapilon escaped, then issued a call to arms to hundreds of insurgents to initiate their planned takeover of Marawi. It sparked the Philippines  biggest urban battle in recent history, and fears that Islamic State s extremist agenda had gained a foothold in the south of the mainly Catholic country. There were scenes of joy and chaos as a convoy of returning residents poured in to Marawi to a cacophony of horns and whistles, jamming what only a few hours earlier were deserted streets. Armed police at checkpoints cross-checked documents and pictures of each passengers from the 712 families, to guard against possible infiltration by militants. Babies cried as officials at a public hall shouted on megaphones to try to establish order as hundreds jostled to register for the sack of rice and 5,000 pesos ($97) allocated to each household. With a stern face, the district s elderly chairwoman, Jamellah Indol Saro, yelled in the local Maranao dialect at anxious residents to calm down.  I told them we have to thank Allah we re still alive,  she said, smiling. Some 6,500 families are due to return this week in a phased repatriation, a fraction of the 77,000 that fled to evacuation camps or nearby towns. Many face a lengthy wait for vast swathes of Marawi to be rebuilt. Retired government employee Mitormar Goling, 72, came home to find jewellery, money, furniture and antiques had been stolen. He said he feared he would have starved or been killed had he stayed behind.  We felt the ground trembling from the air strikes. We didn t know if the army could protect us,  said Goling, wearing sunglasses and a white skull cap.  If you don t believe in their ideology, ISIS sees you as the enemy,  he said, referring to Islamic State. He was among many people who said they understood that the military had to destroy the city to save it. Norida Manna s three-storey house was levelled by an air strike, but she s thankful she s alive.  The office clerk and single mother of six will now live at her sister s home, from which she fled in May as troops outside battled hooded, black-clad gunmen who helped the escape of Hapilon. The rebel commander was subsequently killed in a military operation 13 days ago.   My home was destroyed, but I don t blame the military. They had a job to do,  she said.  I have nothing left, but to us, every day is a happy one now. ",1
16197,Thai king's remains laid to rest at end of five-day ceremony,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The bones and ashes of Thailand s late King Bhumibol Adulyadej were brought to their final resting places on Sunday, the fifth and last day of an elaborate funeral ceremony that drew hundreds of thousands of mourners to the streets of Bangkok. King Bhumibol, the world s longest reigning monarch when he died last year at the age of 88, ruled Thailand from shortly after World War Two and was revered as a stabilizing figure through coups, protests and natural disasters. The $90 million royal funeral drew mourners clad in black from across the country to Bangkok, where King Bhumibol was cremated on Thursday in an elaborate gold crematorium built for the ceremony outside the Grand Palace. (Interactive Graphic   tmsnrt.rs/2leWzcQ) Over 19 million Thais - more than a quarter of the 69 million population - participated in ceremonies by presenting symbolic sandalwood flowers to be burned at temples and crematorium replicas across the country, according to the government.  On Sunday, the late king s bones were moved to the Chakri Throne Hall, where royal relics are kept within the Grand Palace in a ceremony that involved senior monks from temples across the country. His son, new King Maha Vajiralongkorn, led the religious rite. On Sunday evening, Princess Sirivannavari Nariratana led  the final royal procession on horseback to the Wat Rajabopidh and Wat Bovoranives temples where her grandfather s ashes were placed in keeping with a ceremony steeped in religious symbolism and tradition. Mourners, some in tears, were gathered outside the temples.  I will always have him stored in my heart. Whether as pictures, however old and torn, the memory of him will always be kept in my heart,  said Chalermporm Prabutr, 72.    Wat Rajabopidh was built by the late king s grandfather, King Chualalongkorn, and houses the remains of other royals including the late king s father, Prince Mahidol and the princess mother, Srinagarindra. Some of the late king s ashes were also be laid at Wat Bovoranives, the temple where he entered the monkhood in 1956 after his grandmother s death, a custom for Buddhist males after the death of a relative.  Wat Bovoranives is also the center of the more austere strain of Thai Buddhism founded by the late king s great grandfather, King Mongkut. Many Thais have worn black for the past year in mourning for King Bhumibol. The military government has told people to wear bright clothes from Monday, when the mourning period formally ends. ",1
16198,"Somalia sacks police, security bosses after deadly bombing","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The heads of Somalia s police and national security have been sacked after a bombing targeting a hotel in the country s capital claimed at least 29 lives, state radio reported on its website on Sunday.    Somalia s police commander General Abdihakin Dahir Saiid and director general of the National Intelligence Security Agency (NISA), Abdullahi Mohamed Ali, have now been sacked after a cabinet meeting,  state radio reported.   ",1
16199,Poland wants strong euro zone before mulling membership - finance minister,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland wants the euro zone to become stronger before making a decision whether to join the single currency, Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said.  We are holding our fingers crossed for the euro zone to survive, to overcome its imminent problems ... Surely, the convergence is not happening as the authors wished it, Morawiecki, who is also deputy prime minister, told journalists.  We would like the euro area to be strong and then in a few years will see how it copes with everything.  The statement suggests a softening towards the euro zone membership by the eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party that came to power two years ago.  Although he declined to say when Poland could start thinking about membership, on Friday, he told an economic forum that he is not an  opponent  of introducing the euro currency in Poland, but the time is not right yet.  Let s wait five to 10 years,  he said. The PiS government has said previously that the flexibility of a national exchange rate has helped the country in difficult times. Earlier this year, Morawiecki said at an economic forum that it remained to be seen if euro zone was going to be  a part of the problem or part of the solution  for the EU.  According to various polls, more than two thirds of Poles oppose joining the euro area. ",1
16200,U.S. pressure delays Israel's 'Greater Jerusalem' bill: legislator,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. pressure delayed an Israeli ministerial vote on Sunday on a proposed bill that Washington fears entails annexation of Jewish settlements near Jerusalem, an Israeli lawmaker said. The  Greater Jerusalem  legislation would put some settlements in the occupied West Bank, built on land Palestinians seek for a future state and viewed as illegal by most countries, under the jurisdiction of Jerusalem s municipality. The bill, proposed by a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s right-wing Likud party, was to have been submitted for approval on Sunday to a ministerial committee on legislation, a first step before a series of ratification votes in parliament. But Likud lawmaker David Bitan, chairman of Netanyahu s coalition in parliament, said a vote by the cabinet committee would be delayed because Washington told Israel the bill s passage could impede U.S. efforts to revive peace talks that collapsed in 2014.  There is American pressure that claims this is about annexation and that this could interfere with the peace process,  Bitan told Army Radio.  The prime minister doesn t think this is about annexation. I don t think so either. We have to take the time to clarify matters to the Americans. Therefore, if the bill passes in a week, or in a month, it s less problematic,  he said. Proponents of the legislation say it falls short of formal land annexation to Israel but will enable some 150,000 settlers to vote in Jerusalem city elections. Intelligence Minister Israel Katz, a supporter of the bill, has said this would  ensure a Jewish majority in a united Jerusalem . Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital, including the eastern sector it captured along with the West Bank and Gaza Strip in a 1967 Middle East war, has not won international recognition. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they seek to establish in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Israeli media reports said the U.S. ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, had conveyed misgivings about the legislation, under which the large Maale Adumim and Beitar Illit settlements would become part of a Greater Jerusalem municipality. Israel s Haaretz newspaper quoted Netanyahu as telling cabinet ministers on Sunday:  The Americans turned to us and inquired what the bill was all about. As we have been coordinating with them until now, it is worth continuing to talk and coordinate with them.  A U.S. embassy spokeswoman declined immediate comment. Some 500,000 Israelis live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas home to more than 2.6 million Palestinians. Israel disputes that its settlements are illegal, citing  historical, Biblical and political links to the territory, as well as security considerations. ",1
16201,Icelandic voters give center-left opposition narrow win in parliament,"(Reuters) - Icelanders voted in favor of a left-leaning four-party coalition in parliamentary elections, a final vote count showed Sunday, although it remained unclear who would get a mandate to form the next government. The left-leaning coalition of the Left-Green Movement, the Social Democrats, the Progressive Party and the Pirate Party won 32 seats in the 63-member parliament, the narrowest possible majority, polls published by state broadcaster RUV showed. The Independence Party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson, remained the biggest party with 25 percent of the votes but suffered a setback.  It was clear that the vote meant the ousting of his center-right government after a scandal involving the prime minister s father. President Gudni Johannesson has yet to hand the mandate to the party that will be tasked with forming the next government. The president normally gives the mandate to the head of the biggest party. ",1
16202,'Not unrealistic' for Catalan leader to get asylum in Belgium: minister,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Granting Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont political asylum in Belgium would be  not unrealistic  if he asks for it, the Belgian migration minister said, underlining his country s position as a contrarian voice in the Spanish standoff. The Madrid government sacked the Catalan leader and dismissed the region s parliament on Friday, hours after it declared itself an independent nation [nL8N1N280L]. Spain s constitutional court has also started a review of Catalonia s independence vote for prosecutors to decide if it constituted rebellion. While there was no indication Puigdemont was hoping to come to Belgium, the country is one of few members of the European Union where EU citizens can ask for political asylum.   It is not unrealistic if you look at the situation,  Belgium s migration minister, Theo Francken, told Belgian broadcaster VTM.  They are already talking about a prison sentence,  Francken, a member of Flemish nationalist party N-VA, said.  The question is to what extent he would get a fair trial.  It would be difficult for Spain to extradite Puigdemont in such a case, he said. While most European leaders have refrained from commenting on the Spanish crisis, saying it was an internal matter and the country s constitution should prevail, Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel called for dialogue between Madrid and Barcelona[nL8N1MD34Z]. Michel, a centrist from French-speaking Wallonia, has governed in coalition with the N-VA since 2014, a period during which the party toned down its calls for more independence for Belgium s Dutch-speaking North. The relationship between Belgium and Spain soured over a similar issue in the 1990s and 2000s, when the country refused to extradite a Spanish couple wanted over alleged involvement with the Basque militant group ETA. ",1
16203,Australian former governor-general and peacemaker Ninian Stephen dies at 94,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Former Australian Governor-General Sir Ninian Stephen, who worked on the Northern Ireland peace talks and served on the International Court of Justice, died on Sunday. He was 94. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced plans for a state funeral, saying there were very few honors that Stephen, who held five separate knighthoods, didn t have to his name.  Australia will remember Sir Ninian for his humility, his intellect, and his lifelong commitment to justice and the rule of law,  Turnbull said. Stephen served as governor-general from 1982 to 1989 when he became the first Australian Ambassador for the Environment, working hard to ban mining in Antarctica. He was born in Britain and moved to Australia in his late teens where he studied law before serving as an infantryman during World War Two, serving in New Guinea and Borneo. Both the British and Irish governments chose Stephen to chair the second phase of the Northern Ireland peace talks in 1992. He was also a judge for the International Criminal Tribunal investigating war crimes in the former Yugoslavia. In his later years, he advised on South Africa s constitution, worked for the International Labour Organisation in Burma and was involved in setting up a tribunal to hear cases involving atrocities committed by the genocidal Khmer Rouge  killing fields  regime of 1975-79. He also helped draft a constitution for Afghanistan after the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.  ",1
16204,Australia's Queensland calls snap election in test for far-right candidates,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s Queensland state on Sunday called a snap election after the ruling center-left Labor Party lost its legislative majority, a poll that could give far-right nationalists a chance to boost political representation. State Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk called the election for Nov. 25 after her party expelled a rogue lawmaker over misconduct on Friday, which left her with a hung parliament alongside the conservative Liberal National Party (LNP).  I m calling this election to give business and industry in our great state the certainty they need as we approach 2018,  Palaszczuk told reporters in Brisbane. The campaign launch comes just days after a citizenship scandal engulfed federal politics when the High Court ruled that Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce and four other lawmakers were ineligible to remain in parliament because they held dual citizenship.   One Nation, a party founded by far-right politician Pauline Hanson who holds a seat in the federal Senate, has already flagged plans to field candidates across at least two-thirds of the constituencies represented in Queensland s unicameral parliament. One of the disqualified federal lawmakers from Friday s High Court ruling, One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts, said after his dismissal that he intends to stand for the party in the Queensland election. A Newspoll published by SBS News earlier this month showed One Nation at 16 percent primary support in Queensland, likely stealing some voters from the LNP s traditional electorates.  One Nation s state leader, Steve Dickson, said on Sunday the party would field 60 candidates across the 93 seats of the Queensland parliament, and could add more.  Maths says clearly we ll get the balance of power in Queensland,  Dickson told Sky News, adding that his party was riding a global backlash against establishment political parties. However, some political analysts caution against high expectations for One Nation, pointing to the Western Australia state election results in March where the party failed to secure an expected swing in political influence.   Palaszczuk s press briefing on Sunday was briefly interrupted by protestors against Indian mining giant Adani Enterprises  proposed $4 billion Carmichael coal mine in the state s north, which could shape up to be a significant campaign topic. Opposition to Adani s Carmichael mine could give a boost to minority groups such as the Greens, an environmentalist party, and One Nation, which opposes foreign investment. Environment groups say the mine would contribute to global warming and damage the Great Barrier Reef. Adani says the project would pay billions of dollars in royalties and taxes, create jobs and export coal to India help bring electricity to rural regions. The LNP supports the mine but is considering plans to ensure Adani s corporate structure makes its tax liability similar to Australian companies before it is given a proposed A$1 billion loan from the federal government.     ",1
16205,Deputy governor of Afghan province kidnapped in Pakistan,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Unidentified kidnappers bundled the deputy governor of Afghanistan s northwestern province of Kunar into a car in the Pakistani city of Peshawar and took him away, police sources said on Sunday. Mohammad Nabi Ahmadi had crossed over from Afghanistan into Pakistan with his brother and was walking down a road in the northwestern city of Peshawar when a car with tinted windows pulled up and overpowered the Afghan official, according to a Peshawar police source. The police source said Ahmadi s brother recounted the episode to Pakistani police, but did not disclose that his brother was a high-ranking Afghan provincial government official.  It was afterwards we came to know from other sources that he was deputy governor of Kunar,  said the police official. Abdul Ghani Musamem, the spokesman for the governor of Kunar, confirmed Ahmadi had gone missing in Peshawar on Friday and added that he had been on leave for medical treatment. Wealthy Afghans frequently cross the border for medical treatment in Pakistan. Many Afghans live in Peshawar and it is also common for influential figures in Afghanistan to have business or family links in the Pashtun regions of Pakistan.  The Pakistani police source said the Afghan government had not told them about Ahmadi s visit, adding that  otherwise we would have provided him with security .  Another security official said police in Peshawar were working to find out if Ahmadi s kidnapping was related to his work or a personal dispute. The Afghan Taliban denied involvement in Ahmadi s kidnapping.  We heard that a deputy Afghan governor went missing in Pakistan but let me clarify that we don t operate outside Afghanistan,  said Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid.  In Pakistan, our leadership has strictly forbidden our people from any sort of activities as this is not our policy.   ",1
16206,Xi ally Li Qiang named Shanghai party boss: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Li Qiang, an ally of Chinese President Xi Jinping, has been named the top Communist Party official in Shanghai, replacing Han Zheng who last week joined the elite Politburo Standing Committee, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday.  Xi on Wednesday unveiled a new senior leadership at the end of the twice-a-decade congress, with new members appointed to the three elite party bodies that run China.   Over the next few weeks and months, a series of other reshuffles will take place as the party moves people into new party and government positions and as others retire. Xinhua said in a brief notice that Li, 58, would take up the party secretary post in Shanghai and no longer serve in the top spot in Jiangsu province, according to a  decision of the Central Committee , which at 204 members is the largest of the party s ruling bodies.  The move puts Xi allies in China s four major municipalities - Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing - power centers on par administratively to provinces.  A native of the eastern coastal province of Zhejiang, Li was secretary general of the provincial party committee under Xi when the latter was Zhejiang party boss from 2002 to 2007. Li was appointed to the 25-member Politburo, which is under the Standing Committee, on Wednesday, and Reuters  sources had tipped him to take on the Shanghai job. [nL4N1N3052]  He is seen as a strong contender to be further promoted to the Standing Committee at the next congress in 2022. Xinhua also said that another known Xi ally, Lou Qinjian, replaced Li as Jiangsu party secretary, stepping down as party boss in Xi s home province of Shaanxi, a post in turn filled by Hu Heping.  ",1
16207,Iceland opposition leader says will not rule out cooperation with Centre Party,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - The leader of Iceland s main Left-Green opposition party, Katrin Jakobsdottir, said on Sunday she would not rule out working with the new Centre Party whose leader last year was ousted as Prime Minister due to links to the Panama Paper Scandal.  Nothing is out of the picture, but our first choice is to work with the parties on the left,  she told Reuters in a telephone interview. She said that it might not be possible for the center-left to form a government.  We d hoped that the opposition would get a majority, but that is unclear now,  she said. The Centre Party, which was formed this September by former Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, got 11 percent of the votes in the early counting. ",1
16208,Taiwan president arrives in Hawaii despite Chinese objections,"HONOLULU (Reuters) - Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen landed in Honolulu on Saturday en route to the island s diplomatic allies among Pacific nations and set off for a visit to a Pearl Harbor memorial, despite strong objections to the visit from China. China regards self-ruled Taiwan as sovereign territory and regularly calls it the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States, complaining to Washington about transit stops by Taiwanese presidents. China has not renounced the possible use of force to bring the island under its control. Tsai, who China believes is seeking formal independence for Taiwan, left on Saturday on a week-long trip to three Pacific island allies - Tuvalu, the Solomon Islands and the Marshall Islands - via Honolulu and the U.S. territory of Guam. For her part, Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. Earlier this week, the U.S. State Department said Tsai s transits through U.S. soil would be  private and unofficial  and were based on long-standing U.S. practice consistent with  our unofficial relations with Taiwan .  It noted there was  no change to the U.S. one-China policy  which recognizes that Beijing takes the view that there is only one China, and Taiwan is part of it.    Tsai, accompanied by her entourage and members of the media, left on a short boat ride for the USS Arizona Memorial, which is built over the remains of the battleship sunk in Pearl Harbor in the Second World War, on Saturday afternoon. The memorial, where Tsai was expected to lay a wreath, now forms a centerpiece of the World War Two Valor in the Pacific National Monument, a site administered by the National Park Service.  U.S. President Donald Trump is due to visit China in less than two weeks. He angered Beijing last December by taking a telephone call from Tsai shortly after he won the presidential election. The trip to the United States is Tsai s second this year. In January she stopped over in Houston and San Francisco on her way to and from Latin America, visiting the headquarters of Twitter, which is blocked in China. China has claimed sovereignty over Taiwan since 1949, when  Mao Zedong s Communist forces won the Chinese civil war and Chiang Kai-shek s Nationalists fled to the island. ",1
16209,Cuba to make it easier for Cuban Americans to visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Cuba will make it easier for its U.S.-based citizens to travel to the island, Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said on Saturday, in a gesture to win support from Cuban Americans during a diplomatic crisis over allegations of mysterious health attacks.  The U.S. government closes, and Cuba opens,  Rodriguez told a meeting of pro-Havana Cuban Americans in Washington. He said Cuban citizens in the United States would no longer need to have a special review of their Cuban passports to rehabilitate them before traveling to the island.  Rodriguez said that procedure had become more difficult due to staff shortages at the Cuban embassy after the U.S. government expelled 15 Cuban diplomats this month due to the dispute over the mystery attacks on U.S. personnel in Cuba.  It s unacceptable and immoral, from the point of view of the Cuban government, for people to be harmed by a difference between governments,  he said.  Some Cuban Americans said Havana was simply acceding to demands that it should have acceded to long ago, like allowing them home without a special procedure.  While the United States has not formally accused Cuba of carrying out what it says are attacks that have caused hearing loss and cognitive issues in its diplomats, President Donald Trump said last week Havana was responsible. Cuban government officials accused Trump this week of slandering their country. Tension over the alleged attacks, some of which involved high-pitched sounds, came after Trump said in June he wanted to partially roll back the historic detente between the United States and Cuba, ordering tighter restrictions on travel and trade. These have yet to be unveiled. Rodriguez said Cuba was making it easier for the children of Cubans in the United States to attain Cuban nationality and allowing Cuban Americans to travel to the country on cruise ships that embark at two ports on Cuba. Havana will also allow some Cubans who left the country illegally to return, he said.             There are roughly 2 million Cubans or Americans of Cuban origin in the United States. One attendee at the event, Andres Pertierra, a U.S.-born citizen with a Cuban father, said he was excited he now qualified for a Cuban passport.   These changes inspire gratitude and bring Cubans abroad closer to Cuban government,  said the legal assistant.  The Cuban government is making sure that it is clear that the weight of responsibility for failure to normalize falls squarely on the shoulders of the Trump administration.  ",1
16210,"Climate, migration disputes cloud German coalition talks","BERLIN (Reuters) - Disputes about climate and immigration policy dominated German media ahead of resumed talks among Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmental Greens about forming a coalition government. Officials from all three political groups traded barbs and insults in a series of media interviews, dimming hopes that next week s talks could result in progress for a so-called Jamaica coalition - a name chosen because the parties  black, yellow and green colors mirror those of the Jamaican flag. Simone Peter, co-leader of the Greens, told Reuters the FDP must agree to honor existing carbon dioxide reduction promises before her party would continue coalition talks. She said her party viewed conservative s insistence on a migrant cap as a  no go . FDP Leader Christian Lindner shot back in an interview with the Bild am Sonntag newspaper:  If the Greens don t budge in future talks, Jamaica will remain a castle in the air.  Merkel, whose conservative alliance suffered its worst result in September elections since 1949, is trying to forge a tricky three-way coalition that is untested at a national level. The exploratory talks are to continue Monday after the three sides failed to reach agreement on immigration and climate issues during an 11-hour session on Thursday. A new poll for Bild am Sonntag newspaper showed support for conservatives down one percentage point to 31 percent - its lowest level this year - while support for the Greens and FDP was unchanged at 10 percent and 11 percent. Peter told Reuters it was nonsense to continue talks unless the FDP committed to a 2007 pledge to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 40 percent from 1990 levels by 2020.  Before exploratory talks continue, the FDP must accept unconditionally the climate protection goals,  Peter told Reuters in an interview.  Otherwise the talks make no sense.  Deputy FDP leader Wolfgang Kubicki told the RND newspaper chain on Friday that no agreement was possible if the Greens insisted on sticking to that target. Lindner blasted the Greens   maximum demands  for ending coal production and giving refugees unlimited rights to bring their families to Germany. He told the Bild am Sonntag such actions would only boost support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which parlayed public frustration to win 12.6 percent of the vote in September. Alexander Dobrindt, a top negotiator for the Bavarian sister party of Merkel s conservatives, told the paper that building a coalition would be  more than difficult  unless the Greens modified their position rejecting limits on migration. Many conservatives want to take a harder line on immigration, blaming the election setback on Merkel s decision to allow in more than a million migrants in 2015 and 2016. They insist that an agreement by Merkel s CDU and the CSU on guidelines that would limit annual refugee numbers must form the basis of any coalition accord. The Greens reject such a cap. The right to asylum is guaranteed under Germany s constitution. ",1
16211,Bombs kill at least 17 people in Somali capital Mogadishu,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Two car bombs killed at least 17 people in Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Saturday, police said, two weeks after a huge truck bomb killed hundreds of civilians in the city. Islamist group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attacks on Saturday. A suicide car bomb was rammed into a hotel, Nasahablod Two, about 600 meters from the presidential palace, and then armed militants stormed the building, police said.  A few minutes later, a car bomb exploded near the former parliament house nearby.  Ali Nur, a police officer, told Reuters 17 people, mostly policemen, had died in the blasts.  Security forces have entered a small portion of the hotel building ... the exchange of gunfire is hellish,  he said.  The police personnel who died had been stationed close to hotel s gate. The dead also included a former lawmaker, he said. Fighting continued to rage inside the hotel after the blast and police said the death toll was likely to rise. Abdikadir Abdirahman, director of Amin ambulances, told Reuters the emergency service had carried 17 people injured from the hotel bombing.  A huge cloud of smoke rose over the scene and a Reuters witness saw over a dozen wrecked cars and bloodstains in front of the hotel. Sporadic gunfire could be heard. Islamist group al Shabaab, responsible for scores of such attacks in the country s long civil war, said it carried out Saturday s bombings.    We targeted ministers and security officials who were inside the hotel. We are fighting inside,  Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group s military operations spokesman, told Reuters. He said the hotel belonged to Somalia s internal security minister, Mohamed Abukar Islow. Al Shabaab is fighting to topple Somalia s internationally-backed government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam s sharia law.  Bombs in Mogadishu two weeks ago killed at least 358 people, the worst such attacks in the country s history, igniting nationwide outrage. Another 56 people are still missing, believed to have been burnt without a trace. Al Shabaab was widely suspected, but has not claimed responsibility after thousands of Somalis poured onto the streets to protest.  Al Shabaab s attacks are growing in frequency and size, as a 22,000-strong African Union peacekeeping force prepares to begin withdrawing.  In 2016, 723 people died in 395 bomb attacks in Somalia, according to a report produced earlier this year by Nairobi-based think tank Sahan Research. ",1
16212,'Margaret Thatcher is my role model': German far-right AfD leader,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Alice Weidel, a leader of Germany s far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, said the late British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is her political role model, saying Thatcher got Britain back on its feet when it was facing economic ruin. Weidel told the German newspaper Bild am Sonntag newspaper that her party, which stormed into parliament for the first time after capturing nearly 13 percent of the vote, aimed to be ready to join a coalition government by 2021. That could be a long shot since all mainstream parties have rejected working with the AfD. Weidel said the party was content serving in opposition now, but its long-term goal was to shape policy, and Thatcher s experience in Britain was a helpful guide.  Margaret Thatcher is my political role model,  Weidel told the newspaper, lauding the U.K. leader s willingness to swim against the current when necessary.  Thatcher took over Great Britain when the country was economically in the dumps and built it up again.  Weidel, a lesbian, said her partner and two adopted sons would move to Berlin from Switzerland when the partner s current film project was completed.  She said only 18 percent of the AfD s voters were women which was  way too few  and the party needed to attract more women voters. She said she favoured free child care and kindergartens because that would help families. Weidel also urged former AfD leader Frauke Petry to give up her seat in parliament after quitting the party the day after the election and vowing to sit as an independent.   I don t have any animosity,  Weidel said.  I think it s a shame that she left the AfD. I consider it the wrong decision.  Petry this month kicked off a new  Blue Party , promising a  reasonable conservative  agenda and berating AfD leaders for holding views too far outside the mainstream. ",1
16213,Egypt announces reshuffle in top security ranks,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi appointed a new armed forces chief of staff on Saturday, and the interior ministry dismissed several high-ranking officials in an apparent reorganization of the country s security command. No reason was given for the reshuffle, but the interior ministry decision came a week after a deadly attack on a police operation in a western desert area of Giza Province, in which the ministry said 16 police were killed after coming under heavy fire. Egyptian forces have been fighting several armed Islamist groups, mostly in the northern part of the Sinai peninsula, since Sisi helped lead the military overthrow of President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013. Hundreds of members of the security forces have been killed in attacks by militants in recent years. A local Islamic State affiliate has been the main foe of the security forces in the north Sinai.   A statement from the presidency said Gen. Mohamed Farid Hegazy would replace Gen. Mahmoud Hegazy, who has been made the president s adviser for strategic planning and crisis management.  In a separate statement, the interior ministry announced that it had replaced several high-ranking officials, including the head of homeland security, assistant to the minister for security in Giza province, the director of Giza s security and director of operations for central security.  It gave no further details on the shakeup. No militant group has yet claimed responsibility for last week s attack on the police in a remote desert area of Giza, about 130 km (80 miles) southwest of the capital Cairo.     Thirteen militants were killed in a raid on a farm hideout in the region on Friday. State news agency MENA quoted a security official as saying it was  revenge for the blood of the men who were martyred last week in the oasis . The vast western desert region has always been a security headache with arms flowing across the frontier with Libya, where militant groups have found shelter since the country fell into chaos after the 2011 end of Muammar Gaddafi s rule. Sisi is a former military commander elected by a landslide in 2014 and presents himself as a bulwark against Islamist militancy. He is widely expected to run for re-election next year.  ",1
16214,"In edgy Kenyan slum, a rumor ends in fires and a death","NAIROBI (Reuters) - It all started with a rumor: the Mungiki, a dreaded Kikuyu tribal militia, had infiltrated Nairobi s Kawangware slum. Within minutes, local men already fired up by Kenya s divisive election had grabbed machetes and sticks to defend their turf. By the end of Friday night s confrontation, a man had been beaten to death and rows of shops and homes set alight, a worrying taste of how quickly ethnic violence can erupt in the Kenyan capital s volatile slums. Almost all the 50 deaths since August s presidential vote have been in clashes between protesters and police. The deeper fear of Kenyans is that the months of political strife, exacerbated by the courts annulling the August vote, eat away at deep tribal divisions and ignite a wave of inter-ethnic violence, as happened after a disputed 2007 vote when 1,200 people were killed. The Kawangware fighting was sparked by rumors that Kikuyu, the tribe of President Uhuru Kenyatta, had drafted in members of the Mungiki to protect them from opposition supporters.  On Friday, a Reuters witness saw a group of men armed with machetes, known locally as pangas, on the streets of Kawangware. Their identity was unclear, although several residents said they were Mungiki, brought in after opposition loyalists burnt down a prominent Kikuyu-owned business the previous night. The Mungiki, notorious for castrating and decapitating victims, were blamed for hundreds of deaths in the 2007 clashes. Their relative quiet since has not diminished their reputation.  They were more than a hundred, and they were carrying all new pangas,  Vitalis Aloyi, a Kawangware resident, said. Another man said residents had to act to defend themselves.  We had to teach them not to bring Mungiki here. If they bring Mungiki, we will destroy their property and their lives,  said Kennedy Ochieng, an ethnic Luo, like opposition leader Raila Odinga. As the pro-Odinga vigilantes, also armed with clubs and machetes, swept down the muddy street they set fire to Kikuyu businesses suspected of hiding Mungiki militiamen, Ochieng said. One man was killed, and his body burned, leaving a charred spot on the road. Some Odinga supporters denounced him as Mungiki, but no one could explain how they knew. The next day, with smoke still rising from the twisted wreckage of homes and shops, the remaining traders in Kawangware began loading their wares of pipes, popcorn machines and meat onto trucks.  All the other tribes are against the Kikuyu here because of the voting,  said Stephen Kamau, whose fruit stall was burned down.  These people will come back and burn more.  Others in the district, long home to mixed communities, said the truth was more nuanced. As political tensions rose, some businesses had hired local youths for protection, said Rhoda Kungu, a market trader. She insisted the vigilantes were not Mungiki.  We are all brothers and sisters. We just want to live in peace,  she said.  Another trader, Brian Njenga, said it may merely have been pro-Odinga youths spotting a chance to enrich themselves, demanding protection money or looting businesses before they burned them.  Some people are just using this situation to get personal benefit,  Njenga said to somber nods from a crowd of youths around him.  Many have not worked for a long time because the economy is very down.  A few hundred meters down the rubbish-strewn road, hundreds of young men milled around on street corners. Teargas from the night before lingered in the air.  We want to kill Mungiki. They must know this is our territory,  one man shouted.  Don t think because it is quiet now that we are at peace. We are just waiting for something!  ",1
16215,Iraqi Kurdistan leader Barzani will hand over presidential powers on November 1,"SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdistan s veteran leader Masoud Barzani will not extend his presidential term beyond Nov. 1, a Kurdish government official said on Saturday. His decision came just weeks after a referendum on Kurdish independence backfired and triggered a crisis for Iraq s Kurds who had been enjoying a period of unprecedented autonomy. A plan to divide up the president s powers was outlined in a letter Barzani sent to the Kurdish parliament on Saturday, the official told Reuters. The plan asks parliament to distribute the president s powers among the government, parliament and judiciary. Barzani s current term was set to expire in four days, the same date that presidential and parliamentary elections were due to be held. However, those elections were delayed indefinitely last week, amidst an escalating regional crisis. Critics say the Sept. 25 independence referendum, orchestrated and championed by the 71-year-old Barzani, has left a bleak outlook for Iraq s Kurds.  Less than four weeks after Kurds in the region voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq, the central government launched a military offensive to wrest back the oil-rich city of Kirkuk, which the Kurds regard as both their spiritual homeland, and a key source of revenue for their would-be independent state. It was one of several retaliatory measures taken by Baghdad, which vehemently opposed the referendum.  In a matter of days the Iraqi government has transformed the balance of power in the north of the country, exerting tremendous pressure on Barzani to step aside and wrecking decades-old dreams of Kurdish independence. Iraqi forces have continued to advance on all Kurdish-held territory outside the autonomous region s borders.  Iraq s prime minister demanded on Thursday that Kurds declare their independence referendum void, rejecting the Kurdish autonomous region s offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks. Earlier this year, Barzani said he did not intend to stand in the November elections. However, prior to the referendum, few expected he would stick to his promise.  Barzani has held the office of the presidency since 2005. The region last held a presidential election in 2009, in which Barzani won. His term of office expired in 2013 and was extended twice.     The president is expected to address his people before his term formally expires, marking the end of a storied career. Barzani was born in 1946, soon after his legendary father, Mulla Mustafa, founded a party to fight for the rights of Iraq s Kurds. After decades spent fighting with the Peshmerga, Barzani became a central figure in the drive to create an autonomous Kurdish state in northern Iraq, after Saddam Hussein was toppled in the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.     Barzani s letter will be discussed by parliament on Sunday, though the government official said it was unclear whether ministers would need to vote the plan into action during the session.    (This version of the story corrects paragraph 7 to read  ...of Kurdish independence. ) ",1
16216,Libyan forces order investigation into bodies found near Benghazi,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - The head of the eastern-based Libyan National Army ordered an investigation on Saturday into the case of 36 unidentified bodies found near Benghazi two days earlier. A statement signed by Khalifa Haftar said the investigation would try to identify the victims and find out whether they had been held in authorized prisons. It would also aim to identify, arrest and prosecute the perpetrators of the crime. The finding of the bodies on Thursday night in Al-Abyar, about 70 km (45 miles) east of Benghazi, was the latest in a series of discoveries of corpses, some showing signs of torture and gunshot wounds, on territory controlled by the LNA. Previously, security sources had put the number of bodies at 37. ",1
16217,German far-right party drops bid for journalists' private data,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) on Saturday dropped a controversial bid for data on the ethnic backgrounds and private views of journalists after concerns surfaced about its registration form for a party congress. The party s initial registration form had sparked sharp criticism on Friday from the German Journalists Association, and prompted an investigation by the Berlin data protection office. The party, which rails against what it calls the  Islamisation of Europe  and  fake news  coverage by mainstream news outlets, became the third largest force in the German Bundestag, or lower house of parliament, in Sept. 24 elections. AfD officials had declined to comment to the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper, which first reported the issue on Friday, and did not respond to a request for comment by Reuters. However the party s spokesman downplayed controversy about the issue in a posting on Twitter on Saturday.  Test version deleted. Starting immediately journalists can use the official registration form on our website,  AfD spokesman Christian Lueth wrote on Twitter. The initial media version had asked journalists to check a box in which they agreed to the collection, storage and use of personal data provided, such as name, medium and press pass number, as well as  special data . The form referenced a section in Germany s data protection law, which lists such  special data  as including racial and ethnic background, political views, religious or philosophical convictions, union membership, health or sexual orientation. Other parties require basic information for registration of journalists, but do not ask for such personal details.  This is an unacceptable intrusion into the private affairs of journalists,  said Hendrik Zoerner, spokesman for the German Journalists Association.  We call on the AfD to immediately remove the required agreement.  The AfD won nearly 13 percent of vote on Sept. 24, making it the third largest party in the Bundestag, or lower house of parliament, and the first far-right group to move into the legislature in more than half a century.  German civil rights groups are mobilizing to stage a large protest at the start of the party congress in the northern city of Hanover on Dec. 2. ",1
16218,"Mattis, in Seoul, says U.S. can't accept nuclear North Korea","SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Saturday that he could not imagine United States ever accepting a nuclear North Korea, warning that its rapidly advancing nuclear and missile programs would undermine, not strengthen, its security. Mattis has been at pains during his week-long trip to Asia to stress that diplomacy is America s preferred course, a message he returned to after top-level military talks in Seoul on Saturday and at the tense border area with North Korea on Friday. Still, he warned Pyongyang that its military was no match for the U.S.-South Korean alliance, and that diplomacy was most effective  when backed by credible military force.   Make no mistake - any attack on the United States, or our allies, will be defeated. And any use of nuclear weapons by the North will be met with a massive military response that is both effective and overwhelming,  Mattis said. Mattis s South Korean counterpart, Defense Minister Song Young-moo, dismissed the idea of deploying tactical nuclear weapons to the peninsula as a response to the North s advances. But the U.S.-Korean alliance had the ability to respond, even in the event of a nuclear attack from the North, Song added. Tension between North Korea and the United States has been building after a series of nuclear and missile tests by Pyongyang and bellicose verbal exchanges between North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and President Donald Trump. The CIA has said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent. Mattis, too, said Kim s behavior had left no room to imagine accepting Pyongyang s nuclear status.   I cannot imagine a condition under which the United States can accept North Korea as a nuclear power,  Mattis told a news conference. Trump - who has threatened to destroy the North if necessary - leaves on his first trip as president to Asia next week, including a stop in South Korea to meet President Moon Jae-in. Moon, after talks with Mattis on Friday, said the  aggressive deployment  of U.S. strategic assets in the region, which have included overflights by U.S. bombers, had been effective in deterring the North Korean threat.   U.S. intelligence experts say Pyongyang believes it needs the nuclear weapons to ensure its survival and have been skeptical about diplomatic efforts, focusing on sanctions, to get Pyongyang to denuclearize. Mattis suggested, however, that Pyongyang needed to understand that its weapons programs would not strengthen its defenses. The North says it wants a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States.   If it remains on its current path of ballistic missiles and atomic bombs, it will be counter-productive,  Mattis said, adding North Korea would be  reducing its security.  Still, any attempt to force the North to denuclearize could have devastating consequences, thanks in part to the large amount of artillery trained on Seoul. During Mattis  trip to the inter-Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) on Friday, he was briefed on the posture of North Korean artillery.  Defense Minister Song suggested that U.S. and South Korean missile defenses simply could not stop all of the weapons trained on the South.  Defending against this many LRAs (long-range artillery) is infeasible in my opinion,  Song told Mattis at the DMZ, citing a need for strategies to  offensively neutralize  the artillery in the event of a conflict.   Mattis replied:  Understood.  Still, Mattis reaffirmed to reporters in South Korea that military options do exist to deal with the North Korean threat that spare the South s capital, Seoul. Mattis, who has made such assurances in the past, did not disclose what those options were.  ",1
16219,Pope urges EU to rediscover unity if it wants a future,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, in a major speech on Europe, on Saturday urged the European Union to  recover the sense of being a single community  if it wants a future of prosperity and fairness for all. Francis spoke at the end of a two-day conference at the Vatican called  Re-Thinking Europe . Dozens of participants attended, including European Parliament President Antonio Tajani, the vice president of the European Commission, Frans Timmermans, and religious leaders. While the pope did not specifically mention the situation in Catalonia, where the region s leaders want to break away from Spain, or Britain s decision to leave the EU, he spoke often of solidarity, teamwork and mutual sacrifice.  A European Union that, in facing its crises, fails to recover a sense of being a single community that sustains and assists its members   and not just a collection of small interest groups   would miss out not only on one of the greatest challenges of its history, but also on one of the greatest opportunities for its own future,  he said.  Particular and nationalist agendas risk thwarting the courageous dreams of the founders of Europe,  he said. In his long speech, Francis appeared to warn against the dangers to Europe posed by populist anti-immigrant parties. In elections in Germany in September, Alternative for Germany (AfD) secured almost 13 percent of the vote, making it the third largest party and the first far-right party to win seats in more than half a century.  Extremist and populist groups are finding fertile ground in many countries; they make protest the heart of their political message, without offering the alternative of a constructive political project,  Francis said, without naming any group. History s first Latin American pope said politics had often gone astray, saying  Sadly, all too often we see how politics is becoming instead a forum for clashes between opposing forces.  In his address to the pope at the closing ceremony, Tajani, the European Parliament president, spoke of  risk of a return to intolerance and xenophobia . The pope called for immigrants to be welcomed to Europe as an enriching resource, rather than be seen as a threat. But, in an apparent assertion that immigration had to be controlled, he said that while authorities should have an  open heart  they should be able to  provide for the full integration, on the social, economic and political level  of newcomers. ",1
16220,Sacked Catalonia leader calls for opposition to Madrid's rule,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Sacked Catalonian president Carles Puigdemont on Saturday called for peaceful  democratic opposition  to the central government s takeover of the region following its unilateral declaration of independence from Spain. Puigdemont, whose regional government was dismissed by Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Friday, accused Madrid of  premeditated aggression  against the will of the Catalans. Rajoy removed Puigdemont, took over the administration of the autonomous region and called a new election after Catalonia s parliament declared itself an independent nation on Friday. The bold if to all appearances futile action marked a potentially dangerous escalation of Spain s worst political crisis in the four decades since its return to democracy.  It s very clear that the best form of defending the gains made up until now is democratic opposition to Article 155,  Puigdemont said in a brief statement he read out in the Catalan city of Girona, referring to the legal trigger for the takeover. But he was vague on precisely what steps the secessionists would take as the national authorities are already moving into Barcelona and other parts of Catalonia to enforce control. Spanish government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo said it  would welcome Puigdemont s participation in the regional elections it has called for Dec. 21.  I m quite sure that if Puigdemont takes part in these elections, he can exercise this democratic opposition,  Mendez de Vigo told Reuters TV in an interview. European countries, the United States and Mexico have rejected the Catalan declaration and expressed support for Spain s unity. Puigdemont signed the statement as President of Catalonia, demonstrating he did not accept his ousting.   We continue persevering in the only attitude that can make us winners. Without violence, without insults... and also respecting the protests of the Catalans who do not agree with what the parliamentary majority has decided,  he said. The secessionists say a referendum on Oct. 1 gave them a mandate for independence. However, less than half of eligible voters turned out for the ballot, which Madrid declared illegal and tried to stop. Opinion polls show that more than half of the 5.3 million people eligible to vote in the wealthy northeastern region, which is already autonomous, do not want to break from Spain.  But emotions are running high and the next few days will be tricky for Madrid as it embarks on enforcing direct rule.  Calling a new regional election is something of a gamble by  Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as it could increase the numbers of pro-independence supporters in a new parliament. But Mendez de Vigo said it would give Catalans the final say about how they felt. Asked what would happen if Puigdemont had to face prosecution, Mendez de Vigo said judicial and political powers were separate in Spain and that  no one is above the law.  He did not comment further.   Catalonia s police force told its officers to stay neutral, a step towards averting possible conflict following doubts over how the Mossos d Esquadra, as they are called, would respond if ordered to evict Puigdemont and his government.  The force is riven by distrust between those for and against independence and also estranged from Spain s national police forces, Mossos and national officers have told Reuters. Some Catalan officers stood between national police and those trying to vote during the referendum.   Given that there is it is likely to be an increase in gatherings and rallies of citizens... and that there are people of different thoughts, we must remember that it is our responsibility to guarantee the security of all and help these to take place without incident,  an internal memo said. Government buildings, the headquarters of national political parties, ports, airports, courts, and the Bank of Spain were being guarded, the Interior Ministry said. Units of the regional force could be replaced if events made that necessary, it said. The Madrid government also sacked the Mossos  chief, Josep Lluis Trapero, who became a hero to the secessionists after his force took a much softer stance than national police in enforcing the referendum ban. Spain s High Court barred Trapero from leaving the country and seized his passport as part of an investigation for alleged sedition, although it has not ordered his arrest.  In Barcelona, thousands of independence supporters packed the Sant Jaume Square in front of the regional headquarters on Friday night, waving Catalan flags and singing traditional songs in the Catalan language as bands played. But there was no trouble overnight and the streets were quiet on Saturday.  The main secessionist group, the Catalan National Assembly, has urged civil servants not to follow orders from the Spanish government and to mount  peaceful resistance  while a pro-independence trade union, the CSC, called a strike. The government said it would ensure a minimum service. About 1,000 people took part in a pro-unity rally in Madrid on Saturday and others turned out in the northern city of Valladolid   an indication of the resentment the independence drive has caused in the rest of Spain. Aitor Sanchez, a 30-year-old worker, said he was saddened  the government had taken control of Catalonia but it had no choice.  These are delicate moments in our country. But I believe we must respect the law.  The chaos has prompted an exodus of businesses from Catalonia, which contributes about a fifth of Spain s economy, the fourth-largest in the euro zone. Tourism in hugely popular Barcelona has been hit, and markets have shown signs of concern. European leaders have also denounced the push, fearing it could fan separatist sentiment around the continent. ",1
16221,Madrid calls on Puigdemont to participate in Catalan elections,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government said on Saturday it would welcome the participation of sacked Catalan president Carles Puigdemont in regional elections to be held in December. Government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo told Reuters TV in an interview that if Puigdemont wanted to continue in politics,  which is his right, I think he should prepare for next elections . Puigdemont had earlier on Saturday called for a democratic opposition to Madrid s takeover of the region following its declaration of independence.  I m quite sure that if Puigdemont takes part in these elections, he can exercise this democratic opposition . After dissolving the regional parliament and sacking the regional government on Friday, Spain s Prime Minister Rajoy said a new regional election would be held in Catalonia on Dec. 21. Mendez de Vigo also said he was confident that the regional Catalan police would obey the law after the government had sacked regional officers. He said that if Puigdemont refused to abandon his office, the government would react with  intelligence and with common sense . Asked what would happen if Puigdemont had to face prosecution in the courts, Mendez replied that in Spain judicial and political powers were separate and that  no one is above the law.  He did not commit himself further.   ",1
16222,Big role for U.S. at climate talks despite withdrawal from Paris deal,"OSLO/LONDON (Reuters) - The United States will play a big role at global talks next month on shaping the Paris agreement on climate change, to the dismay of some nations that want Washington sidelined because of President Donald Trump s plan to withdraw from the deal. U.S. officials have said they will be constructive at the annual 195-nation climate meeting in Bonn, Germany, from Nov. 6-17 to work on a  rule book  for the 2015 Paris plan to shift the world economy from fossil fuels this century. But other nations are torn between welcoming or berating Washington s envoys after Trump s decided in June to pull out and instead promote the U.S. fossil fuel industry. Washington retains its place in the talks because the Paris pact stipulates that no country can formally pull out before November 2020.  The Trump regime really needs to walk away and not hold the rest of the world hostage to the President s ineptitude,  said Ian Fry, who represents Tuvalu, a low-lying Pacific island nation at risk of rising sea levels and storm surges. He told Reuters that Trump s pro-coal policies, and doubts that climate change is caused by man-made greenhouse gas emissions, could undermine urgency at the meeting of senior officials and environment ministers. The White House did not respond to requests for comment and the State Department has not set up a briefing ahead of the meeting, as it traditionally has. This year is on track to be the second warmest since records began in the 19th century, behind 2016. Scientists say rising temperatures will stoke ever more powerful hurricanes, floods and wildfires. But U.S. delegates at preparatory meetings said they will play a positive role in Bonn, said Nazhat Shameem Khan, chief negotiator of Fiji which will preside at the meeting. The U.S. approach  send positive signals ... that this will not be a destructive COP,  she said, using the shorthand for Conference of the Parties. It is not yet clear if any U.S. political leaders will attend.  Many U.S. allies, including France, Canada and Britain, hope to coax Trump to end up staying in the pact which is backed by all nations except Syria. Nicaragua, which had judged the deal too weak, ratified it this month. In a sign that most nations are willing to permit a strong U.S. role, an internal U.N. document obtained by Reuters shows that a U.S. official, Andrew Rakestraw, will co-lead a section of the talks with a Chinese counterpart on ensuring transparent rules for the Paris agreement. And the U.S. delegation will be led by Thomas Shannon, a career diplomat who gave a speech in 2015 calling climate change  one of the world s greatest challenges .  The meeting will work on a rule book, due to be completed in 2018, for implementing the Paris agreement on issues such as the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and how national emissions will be checked. Washington and many other developed nations have long sought tough rules to bind emerging nations such as China and India, which have been wary of outside oversight.  And many delegates expect the U.S. officials, many of whom were architects of the Paris accord under former President Barack Obama, will contribute to clear, enforceable rules that will be in U.S. interests whether it is in or out of the deal.  Having the United States at the table with good negotiators who can take this forward is a win-win,  said Paula Caballero, a director of the World Resources Institute think-tank and formerly a climate negotiator for Colombia. The treatment of the United States is likely to hinge on whether Washington limits itself to technical details of the rule book or promotes Trump s pro-coal political agenda.  It is quite likely that the U.S. will be sidelined ... unless they play a constructive role,  said Elisa de Wit, head of climate change at global law firm Norton Rose Fulbright. Outside the conference center, a U.S. network called  We Are Still In  will highlight actions by states, cities and other non-federal groups to implement the Paris agreement and shift to wind, solar and other clean energies. It says Trump s pro-coal policies will be only a blip in a long-term economic shift this century.  We need to make sure the world maintains confidence in our ability to move forward,  said Washington State Governor Jay Inslee.  ",1
16223,Greek police arrest suspect behind high-profile parcel bomb attacks,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police said on Saturday they arrested a man they believe was involved in mailing parcel and letter bombs to targets including ex-Greek prime minister Lucas Papademos and former German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble. In March, police intercepted eight suspect packages at an Athens sorting office after the dispatch of booby-trapped parcels to the International Monetary Fund in Paris and the German Finance Ministry in Berlin. One parcel, mailed to Schaeuble, was intercepted by the ministry s mail department. A letter addressed to the IMF exploded, slightly hurting an administrative assistant.  The anti-terrorism service arrested a 29-year-old male following a warrant ... related to parcel bomb dispatches,  police said in a statement. Police searched the suspect s apartment in Athens and found two pistols, bullets, a timing device and explosive materials in travel bags, a police official said.  Police had spotted him in videos bringing parcels to the post office on five different occasions,  the official said, declining to be named. Papademos was injured in May when a booby-trapped package exploded in his car in central Athens, in the worst act of violence against Greek politicians country for several years. The suspect denies involvement in the attacks and in the militant group Conspiracy of Fire Cells, which claimed responsibility for the parcel sent to the German Finance Ministry, the police official told Reuters. Conspiracy of Fire Cells, one in a long line of violent anti-establishment groups in Greece, initially specialized in arson attacks but turned to bombings in May 2009. ",1
16224,U.S. hopes for more from Russia after Crimean prisoners freed,"KIEV (Reuters) - The release of two Crimean Tatars from Russian custody this week was a good sign and hopefully means Russia will take positive steps in eastern Ukraine as well, the U.S. special envoy to the Ukraine peace talks said on Saturday. Ukraine and Russia are at loggerheads over Russia s annexation of the Crimean peninsula in 2014 and support for separatists in the Donbass region in a conflict that has killed more than 10,000 people despite a notional ceasefire.  Russia unexpectedly released a pair of Tatar activists on Wednesday thanks partly to an intervention by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. They have vowed to return to Crimea to campaign for the release of other prisoners.  The fact that they were released is a small positive sign,  Kurt Volker told Reuters on a visit to Kiev, where he met the freed men.  It s the kind of thing you hope you could build on that, Russia would build on that with some other steps with the Donbass,  he added.  A former ambassador to NATO, Volker was appointed in July by the Donald Trump administration to help resolve the Donbass conflict, which Washington cites as a key obstacle to better relations between the United States and Russia.  A recent sticking point is whether and how the United Nations should send a peacekeeping force to the region. Volker met Kremlin aide Vladislav Surkov in October for talks on this, which he said produced no breakthroughs but were  constructive .  What we are doing, is we are seeing whether we can create some common ideas for how a peacekeeping force could be useful in resolving the conflict,  Volker said, saying the force could only be effective with a stronger mandate than Russia envisages. Russia denies sending its own troops or sophisticated weaponry to helping the separatists.  Volker blamed Russian aggression for the Donbass conflict  but said a realization on Russia s part that the violence is against its interests could spur a change in Moscow s behavior.     The real issue is Russia s decision-making. Until now, Russia has been holding this territory, keeping this conflict alive, hoping that it provides some leverage over Ukraine,  Volker said.  The reality has sunk in I believe that this has actually produced the opposite. It has produced a Ukraine that is more unified, more nationalist, more anti-Russian, more westward-looking than ever existed before.   Volker also said the United States was  actively considering  supplying lethal defensive weapons to Kiev, a prospect that has riled Russia.  No-one has any worry about someone defending themselves unless they are an aggressor, so it should not be that controversial an issue,  Volker said.  ",1
16225,Brazil's president recovering after prostate surgery,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer is recovering after a successful operation in a Sao Paulo hospital to reduce the size of his prostate, his office said in a statement late on Friday night. Temer spent the night in the hospital in a semi-intensive care unit, the statement said. He was admitted to an army hospital on Wednesday for tests and treatment after his doctor identified a urinary obstruction that was causing him pain. Temer is set to receive Bolivian President Evo Morales on Monday. ",1
16226,Sacked Catalan president calls for opposition to Madrid,"MADRID (Reuters) - Sacked Catalan president Carles Puigdemont on Saturday called for a  democratic opposition  to Madrid s takeover of the region following its declaration of independence.  It s very clear that the best form of defending the gains made up until now is democratic opposition to article 155,  Puigdemont said in a brief statement. ",1
16227,Leftists on cusp of power as weary Icelanders go to polls,"REYKJAVIK (Reuters) - Angry over a string of political scandals, Icelanders may usher a long dominant center-right party out of the exit door in national elections on Saturday, handing power to a charismatic center-left opposition leader. Katr n Jakobsd ttir, 41, of the Left-Green Movement, has campaigned on a platform of restoring trust in government and leveraging an economic boom to increase public spending. With hair slick down, red lipstick, black coat and heels, Jakobsd ttir cast her vote in sunny Reykjavik.  I m feeling very good about today, and I ll have to be optimistic,  she told Reuters after casting her vote. Accompanied by her husband and three sons, she cheerfully took time to mingle with voters, who headed to polls on a   for Iceland   warm autumn day of about 7 Celsius (45 Fahrenheit).  In the second snap parliamentary election in a year, the latest opinion polls showed her trailing Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson s pro-business Independence Party by a small margin. Both parties have polled around 20 percent for most of October. Whichever wins will likely nominate a prime minister who will then be invited to form a coalition government.   I think this will be an exciting election night as there has been a lot of movement in the polls,  Jakobsd ttir said.  We ll be waiting until the morning hours, I won t go to bed until six in the morning.  The Independence Party has been part of every government since 1980, except the coalition that served during the crisis years of 2009-2013, which included the Left-Greens, with Jakobsdottir as education minister.  In her favor this time is the fact that the left-leaning Social Democrats are likely to become the third-biggest party., and that Icelanders appear as primed for change as at any time in recent memory. The Nordic island of 340,000 people, one of the countries hit hardest by the 2008 global financial crisis, has staged a remarkable economic turnaround spurred by tourism.  But scandals, a growing sense of inequality and worries over immigration threaten stability in one of the world s most homogeneous nations. Benediktsson has been weakened by fallout from an attempt by his father to vouch for the character of a convicted pedophile. The previous snap election took place late in 2016, after the Panama Papers revelations showed several government figures  involved in an offshore tax haven scandal. That gave a boost to the anti-establishment Pirate Party but its support has since waned. Forming a government this time could take months, as polls show a further five parties winning more than the five percent of votes needed to enter parliament.  I just hope something changes, and there ll be more cooperation,  said Ingunn Erlendsd ttir, 73, a retired ministry employee.  We are only a small nation of just over 300,000, and we need to stand together,  said the pensioner, adding that she has traditionally voted for the right but this time cast her ballot for a left-wing party. Known for her even temper, Jakobsdottir quickly became a popular figure in Iceland after being elected to parliament in 2007, and is one of the few high-profile politicians who have avoided scandal.  Our campaign has been fun, and we ve taken it you could say back to the roots. Walking door to door, having meetings and meeting people in the real world,  she said.  While most parties agree that investment is needed in areas like welfare, infrastructure and tourism, the debate is around how it will be financed. The left-leaning parties, including Jakobsd ttir s, want to finance spending by raising taxes on the wealthy, real estate and the powerful fishing industry.  Having presided over the privatization of banks, financial sector liberalization and the economy s collapse and eventual economic recovery during its several stints in power, the Independence Party has said it wants to fund infrastructure spending by taking money out of the banking sector. ",1
16228,U.S. service member killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash,"KABUL (Reuters) - A U.S. military service member died as a result of injuries and six others were wounded after a helicopter crashed in Logar province south of the Afghan capital Kabul late on Friday, the NATO-led resolute Support mission said in a statement. It said the crash was not the result of enemy action and the crash site had been secured.  Resolute Support is investigating the circumstances of the crash to determine more facts and will release relevant details as appropriate,  it said in a statement. The incident came amid a buildup of U.S. troops in Afghanistan as part of the administration s new strategy to step up the fight against the Taliban and other insurgent groups. ",1
16229,France's Occitanie region calls for Spain and Catalonia peace talks,"PARIS (Reuters) - Spanish and Catalan leaders should open talks as soon as possible to safeguard civil peace, the head of France s Occitanie region, which borders Catalonia, said on Saturday. Madrid on Friday sacked Catalonia s regional government to block its push for independence and called a snap election in the region on Dec. 21 in a bid to draw a line under Spain s worst political crisis in 40 years.   Our region... has a special history with Spain, and we have had close ties with our neighbor Catalonia for decades,  Occitanie president Carole Delga said in a written statement. Occitanie includes the Pyrenees-Orientales, whose territory was part of Catalonia until the signing of a treaty to end a war between France and Spain in 1659. The Catalan language is still spoken by a few people living in the French region.  Faced with this deadlock situation, I want to stress the need to find a way to open talks as soon as possible, notably to safeguard the civil peace,  Delga added.  Occitanie is France s second-biggest region with a total population of more than 5 million people. It was created in January 2016 and comprises two former regions, including the cities of Toulouse and Montpelier. Separately, the nationalist president of the Corsican Assembly, Jean-Guy Talamoni, said on Twitter that he recognized the  birth of the Republic of Catalonia  but called for European authorities to mediate between Madrid and Barcelona.   On the European side, what s troubling is this unfailing support for Madrid, which has used extremely violent means to prevent peaceful people from voting,  Talamoni later said on France Info radio station.  Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy praised the police for carrying out their duties and upholding the law while they attempted to prevent the banned independence referendum taking place. ",1
16230,Yemeni Salafist imam killed in Aden: sources,"ADEN (Reuters) - A Salafist imam was shot dead by gunmen early on Saturday in Aden, southern Yemen, witnesses and local officials said, the third killing of a Salafist imam this month. Sheikh Adel Al Shehri, imam of a mosque in Inmaa district west of Aden, was shot while he was heading to the mosque for morning prayers. No one has claimed responsibility for the three killings and no motive has been made clear, but some of the ultra-conservative Salafists back secession for southern Yemen, and have been a major component of the breakaway southern army. A former Aden governor has declared a council that seeks secession for southern Yemen. A referendum on independence would be announced soon, he said. Aden is also dominated by local forces backed by the United Arab Emirates - a key member of the Saudi-led coalition that intervened in Yemen s civil war in 2015 to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power but which are hostile toward Islamists. ",1
16231,British navy sacks nuclear submariners over cocaine use,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s navy has fired nine sailors serving on a nuclear-armed submarine after they tested positive for using cocaine, the country s defense ministry said on Saturday. The crew were from HMS Vigilant, one of four Royal Navy submarines which operate the Trident nuclear missile system.  We do not tolerate drugs misuse by service personnel. Those found to have fallen short of our high standards face being discharged from service,  a Royal Navy spokesman said. The Daily Mail newspaper reported that the sailors had failed drugs tests while the submarine was docked in the United States to pick up nuclear warheads and undergo work, and the sailors had been accommodated in hotels on shore. A defense ministry spokesman declined to comment on the location of the incident but said:  There is no evidence to suggest any individual was under the influence while performing their duties.  The ministry also confirmed the submarine s commander had been relieved of his command pending investigation, but declined to give details. Previous reports said this was due to an earlier unrelated incident. Britain s four nuclear-armed submarines each carry eight operational missiles and 40 nuclear warheads, and have a crew of 135. Since 1969 Britain has had at least one nuclear-armed submarine on patrol at all times.   ",1
16232,"Bus plunges into river in Nepal, killing at least 31","KATHMANDU (Reuters) - A bus carrying passengers returning from a Hindu festival to the Nepali capital of Kathmandu skidded off the main highway and plunged into a river on Saturday, killing at least 31 people and leaving others trapped, officials said. The accident occurred around dawn, around 50 km (30 miles) west of the city on the Prithvi Highway that connects Kathmandu with the southern plains.  We have recovered 31 bodies and are looking for more,  government official Ram Mani Mishra told Reuters from the scene.  It s highly unlikely for anyone to survive for so long under water.  Rescuers on rubber boats and police divers managed to spot the bus hours after the crash and were trying to lift it from water with the help of a crane, Mishra said.     Apart from the deaths, 16 people have been injured, government administrator Shyam Prasad Bhandari said. Two with grave injuries were taken to Kathmandu while the rest were treated at a local hospital, he said. Police said survivors were thrown out of the bus windows but another 13 people were still believed to be trapped in the bus. The bus had left Rajbiraj town in the southeastern plains on Friday night. Road accidents are common in mostly mountainous Nepal, where police say about 1,800 people die in crashes every year. Accidents are also blamed on poorly maintained and crowded vehicles. ",1
16233,Myanmar to charge journalists on assignment for Turkish state TV: officials,"NAYPYITAW/YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar police said on Saturday they were preparing to charge journalists working for Turkey s state broadcaster TRT, their local interpreter and driver for bringing a drone into the country without permission. The police were also expecting to obtain court permission to remand the four for up to 15 days as they prepare to charge them under Section 8 of the Export and Import Law. Violators of it can be jailed for up to three years. The journalists - Lau Hon Meng from Singapore and Mok Choy Lin from Malaysia - plus their interpreter Aung Naing Soe and driver Hla Tin have been detained since Friday for flying a drone near the parliament in Myanmar s capital Naypyitaw. The development comes amid tension between Turkey and Myanmar over the Rohingya crisis. In early September, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said the death of the Rohingya constituted a  genocide  aimed at Muslim communities in the region, a charge Myanmar denies. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled the majority-Buddhist Myanmar for neighboring Bangladesh since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown. Turkish broadcaster TRT said on its website that the network  is in discussions with Myanmar authorities to secure their release. Both journalists had valid visas . Myanmar police spokesman Police Colonel Myo Thu Soe told Reuters the journalists  illegally imported the drone  and all four will be charged under the Export and Import Law. The law does not specifically refer to drones, but it says that  no person shall export or import restricted, prohibited and banned goods,  and that,  without obtaining license, no person shall export or import the specified goods which is to obtain permission.   We are going to the court now to obtain the arraignment, we will get it today,  said Police Lieutenant Tun Tun Win. He said that the remand will be for up to 15 days but police expect to file charges within 10 days. Several journalists in Myanmar have been arrested this year, leading rights groups to warn that the gains made in press freedom since the end of military rule risk being reversed under the administration of national leader Aung San Suu Kyi. The two foreign journalists are detained at police station no. 1 in Naypyitaw, while the two Myanmar nationals have been transferred to a prison in the nearby town of Pyinmana. On Friday night, about 25 police staged an evening raid on the Yangon house of the Myanmar interpreter, well-known domestic reporter Aung Naing Soe, seizing his computer memory sticks and searching documents. Myanmar state broadcaster MRTV said the ministry of foreign affairs had informed the Singaporean and Malaysian embassies about the matter. ",1
16234,U.S. wants Sahel force strategy before giving money: officials,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - The United States strongly supports an African military force to combat extremist militants in the Sahel region, but needs to see a strategy for the operation before it considers funding, the U.S. envoy to the United Nations and the U.S. Africa commander said. Washington is wary, however, of the 193-member United Nations funding the force - to be made up of troops from Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Chad and Mauritania - according to Ambassador Nikki Haley and General Thomas Waldhauser. The United States currently funds more than a quarter of the $7.3 billion U.N. peacekeeping budget. Haley said Washington wanted to know  what the strategy would be, how they see this playing out, what s involved in it before we ever commit to U.N.-assessed funding.   Show us something, we re open to it, we re not saying no, but what we re saying right now (is) there literally has been no information that has been given that gives us comfort that they know exactly how this is going to play out,  Haley told reporters on Friday.  The rise of jihadist groups - some linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State - in the arid Sahel has alarmed Western powers like France, which has deployed thousands of troops to the region in response. The United States has also been targeting Islamic State in Libya and al-Shabaab in Somalia. But U.S. involvement in counter-terrorism operations in Africa has been under the spotlight since four U.S. Special Forces troops were killed in an Oct. 4 ambush in Niger.    In Africa with all the challenges of the youth bulge, poverty, the lack of governance, wide open spaces, these are areas where violent extremist organizations, like ISIS or like al Qaeda, thrive,  said Waldhauser, who oversees U.S. troops deployed in Africa.  He was speaking to a small group of reporters traveling with Haley on her first African tour as U.S. envoy to the United Nations, visiting Ethiopia, South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo.  United Nations forces don t do counterterrorism, they do peacekeeping operations,  Waldhauser added, reflecting U.S. unease at the United Nations funding the prospective force. The African counter-terrorism force, known as the G5 Sahel, plans to launch its first joint operations in the coming days.  One of the hardest things to do in an organization like that is to try to synchronize the efforts of those five countries and have a coherent strategy as opposed to just a series of engagements in different locations,  Waldhauser said. The United States supported a French-drafted U.N. Security Council resolution in June to give political backing to the G5 Sahel force, but refused to back a formal U.N. mandate.  The 15-member council is due to discuss the force on Monday. Haley said the United States would continue its bilateral support for the G5 countries, but when asked how much Washington was prepared to contribute to the G5 Sahel force, she said:  You will hear about that, coming soon.  Waldhauser said the United States currently makes a total of $51 million in bilateral defense contributions to the G5 countries. French Defense Minister Florence Parly said last week that the United States must step up support for the planned Sahel force or it could fail, leaving French troops to carry the burden. [nL8N1MV58Z] A report to the Security Council by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres earlier this month said that the planned force budget of $490 million for the first year was only 25 percent funded. Waldhauser said the G5 countries had discussed their planned counter-terrorism force with U.S. military officials in May at a U.S. organized defense conference in Germany.  This is exactly what we want to have happen, we want partner nations who share the same overall strategic objectives that we do. We want to try to foster that type of behavior,  he said. ",1
16235,"China's Guangdong gets new party boss, former leader likely to be promoted","BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Saturday appointed a new top official for the southern export powerhouse province of Guangdong, whose former leader sources say is likely to be promoted to a vice premier, part of a reshuffle after the end of a Communist Party Congress. President Xi Jinping on Wednesday unveiled a new senior leadership at the end of the twice-a-decade congress, with new members appointed to the three elite party bodies that run China. Over the next few weeks and months, a series of other reshuffles will take place as the party moves people into new party and government positions and as others retire. In a brief statement, the official Xinhua news agency said that Li Xi had been moved from his post as party boss in the northeastern province of Liaoning to run Guangdong province as its party chief, replacing the incumbent, Hu Chunhua. Guangdong, which borders the former British colony of Hong Kong, is one of China s most economically important provinces. Xinhua did not say what position Hu would assume, but sources with ties to the leadership said he is likely to be promoted to become one of China s vice premiers. Hu, who spent a large part of his career working in restive Tibet, had been considered a candidate for the Standing Committee, the seven-man party body that is China s elite ruling body headed by Xi, but failed to make it on. Three sources with leadership ties told Reuters that Jiangsu party boss Li Qiang is tipped to replace Han Zheng as Shanghai party secretary.  Li is (one of) Xi Jinping s men,  one source said. Li, 58, a native of the eastern coastal province of Zhejiang, was secretary general of the provincial party committee under Xi when the latter was Zhejiang party boss from 2002 to 2007. Li will be a strong contender to be further promoted to the Standing Committee at the next congress in 2022, another source said.  He was appointed to the 25-member Politburo, which is under the Standing Committee, on Wednesday. Former Shanghai leader Han, 63, is likely to become executive or first ranked vice premier next March at the annual meeting of parliament, the sources said.  The State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party s spokesman s office, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
16236,Spain sacks Catalan government after independence declaration,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - The Madrid government sacked Catalonia s president and dismissed its parliament on Friday, hours after the region declared itself an independent nation in Spain s gravest political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago. A new regional election will be held in Catalonia on Dec. 21, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in a televised address on a day of high drama. As well as removing Carles Puigdemont as head of the autonomous region, he also fired its police chief and said central government ministries would take over the Catalan administration.  Spain is living through a sad day,  Rajoy said.  We believe it is urgent to listen to Catalan citizens, to all of them, so that they can decide their future and nobody can act outside the law on their behalf.   As he spoke, thousands of independence supporters packed the Sant Jaume Square in front of the Catalan regional headquarters in Barcelona, their earlier joyful mood somewhat dampened by Rajoy s actions. In a stunning show of defiance of Madrid, the Catalan parliament had voted in the afternoon to make a unilateral declaration of independence. Despite the emotions and celebrations inside and outside the building, it was a futile gesture as shortly afterwards the Spanish Senate in Madrid approved the imposition of direct rule. Several European countries, including France and Germany,   and the United States also rejected the independence declaration and said they supported Rajoy s efforts to preserve Spain s unity. The crisis has now reached a new and possibly dangerous level as independence supporters have called for a campaign of disobedience. Immediately after news of the vote, Spanish shares and bonds were sold off, reflecting business concern over the turmoil. Catalonia held an independence referendum on Oct. 1 which was declared illegal by Madrid and marred by heavy-handed national police tactics to stop it. Although the referendum endorsed independence, it drew only a 43 percent turnout as Catalans who oppose independence largely boycotted it. The independence push has caused deep resentment around Spain. The chaos has also prompted a flight of business from Catalonia and alarmed European leaders who fear the crisis could fan separatist sentiment around the continent. Catalonia is one of Spain s most prosperous regions and already has a high degree of autonomy. But it has a litany of historic grievances, exacerbated during the 1939-1975 Franco dictatorship, when its culture and politics were suppressed. In Barcelona, Jordi Mercade, a 32-year-old engineer celebrating with friends, said he had mixed feelings about the day s events.  It s a day for history but many of us here also know we are not independent. They have the force. We are proud to having declared independence but we know this is not something definitive.  It is not certain whether the new election can resolve the crisis, as it could increase the numbers of independence supporters in parliament. Also unclear is how Rajoy s other measures will work on the ground, because of the reactions of civil servants and the regional police, know as the Mossos d Esquadra, who are reported to be divided in their loyalties. The main secessionist group, the Catalan National Assembly, called on civil servants not to follow orders from the Spanish government and urged them to follow  peaceful resistance .  Tensions are likely to rise significantly over the coming days,  Antonio Barroso of Teneo Intelligence said in a note.  Demonstrators might try to prevent the police from removing Catalan ministers from their offices if the central government decides to do so. This increases the risk of violent clashes with the police.  SHORT-LIVED LIBERTY A big crowd of independence supporters gathered outside   the regional parliament in Barcelona, shouting  Liberty  in Catalan and singing traditional songs as the independence vote went through. Among them was Monica Sanz, 44, a university lecturer who wore a Catalan flag around her neck.  We tried all peaceful means. Moderate people have reached this point because it was impossible to make an agreement with Spain,  she said. The motion, passed after a passionate debate from advocates and opponents of independence, said Catalonia constituted an independent, sovereign and social democratic state. Lawmakers from members of three national parties - the People s Party, the Socialists and Ciudadanos - walked out before the vote. Members of the pro-independence parties and the far-left Podemos then voted 70-10 in favour, in a secret ballot aimed at hindering any attempt by Madrid to lay criminal charges on them. The soon-to-be-sacked Puigdemont left the chamber to shouts of  President!  and mayors who had come from outlying areas brandished their ceremonial batons and sang the Catalan anthem  Els Segadors  (The Reapers).   Catalonia is and will be a land of freedom. In times of difficulty and in times of celebration. Now more than ever , Puigdemont said on Twitter. But within an hour, the upper house of Spain s parliament in Madrid authorized Rajoy s government to rule Catalonia directly.  Spain s constitutional court started a review of the vote for prosecutors to decide if its constituted rebellion. In Brussels, the president of the European Council, Donald Tusk, said the independence vote changed nothing and the EU would only deal with the central government.  Spain s IBEX fell as much 2.1 percent to a four-day low during the day, 10-year government bond yields hit a day high, and the euro dipped against the dollar on Friday after the Catalan independence declaration. The region contributes about a fifth of Spain s economy, the fourth-largest in the eurozone. JP Morgan said that due to the uncertainty, it was lowering its forecast for Spain s GDP for the last quarter of 2017 and first of 2018 to below the 3.5 per cent seen so far this year. ",1
16237,Myanmar corrects state media report on U.N. 'agreement' to help house refugees,"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - A Myanmar state-run newspaper on Saturday corrected a report that a U.N. settlement program, UN-Habitat, had agreed to help build housing for people fleeing violence in the west of the country, where an army operation has displaced hundreds of thousands. The development underscores tension between Myanmar and the United Nations, which in April criticized the government s previous plan to resettle Rohingya Muslims displaced by last year s violence in  camp-like  villages.   More than 600,000 have crossed to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants sparked an army crackdown. The U.N. says killings, arson and rape carried out by troops and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist mobs since then amount to a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya. The state-run Global New Light of Myanmar (GNLM) newspaper said it had  incorrectly stated that UN-Habitat had agreed with the Union government to provide technical assistance in building housings for displaced people in northern Rakhine.   Union officials say that the issue is still under negotiation. The GNLM regrets the error,  said the newspaper. In its report on Thursday, the daily said UN-Habitat had agreed to provide technical assistance in housing the displaced and the agency would work closely with the authorities to  implement the projects to be favorable to Myanmar s social culture and administrative system . But the U.N. told Reuters in an email that no agreements had been reached  so far  after the agency s representatives attended a series of meetings with Myanmar officials this week in its capital Naypyitaw. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has pledged that anyone sheltering in Bangladesh who can prove they were Myanmar residents can return, but it remains unclear whether those refugees would be allowed to return to their homes.  Rohingya who return to Myanmar are unlikely to be able to reclaim their land, and may find their crops have been harvested and sold by the government, according to Myanmar officials and plans seen by Reuters.   Buddhist-majority Myanmar in August suggested that U.N. agencies such as the World Food Programme have provided food to Rohingya insurgents, adding to pressure on aid groups which had to suspend activities in Rakhine and pull out most of their staff.  Thousands of refugees have continued to arrive cross the Naf river separating Rakhine and Bangladesh in recent days, even though Myanmar says military operations ceased on Sept. 5. ",1
16238,Indonesia detains owner after deadly fireworks factory blaze,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian authorities have detained a fireworks factory owner and a manager on suspicion of negligence after explosions and fire ripped through a warehouse on the outskirts of Jakarta, killing 48 workers and injuring dozens, police said on Saturday.     The blaze in the manufacturing hub of Tangerang was one of the worst industrial disasters to hit Southeast Asia s biggest economy, where safety standards are often weakly enforced.    Police said the fire started when sparks from a welding operation lit a stack of raw materials used for making fireworks, causing at least two explosions that could be heard miles away.       The men are suspected of negligence that led to deaths,  said Jakarta police spokesman Argo Yuwono. The owner of the PT Panca Buana Cahaya Sukses factory and an operations manager were detained while police looked for the welder. The owner was also suspected of employing underage workers, police said. Neither of the two detained was available for comment.     Tangerang regent Ahmed Zaki said on Friday that the company, which had been operating for two months, had a permit for packaging but not producing fireworks.     Preliminary investigations and witness accounts showed that more than 30 victims were found at the back of the factory, where they had run to try to escape while others had to break holes in the walls to get out. Police denied reports that the front gate and only exit of the factory was locked at the time of the fire.      All bodies, many of them charred beyond recognition, had been taken away from the gutted factory, and family members were providing DNA samples to try to identify them. Dozens of workers have been admitted to hospital with burns of up to 80 percent of their bodies. Hospital officials said some remained in critical condition and expected the death toll to rise. ",1
16239,Cambodia deports 61 telecom extortion scam suspects,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia police on Saturday deported 61 Chinese nationals wanted in China on suspicion of extorting money over the internet and by phone, they said, but Taiwan said 19 were from Taiwan. Several hundred suspected scammers have been arrested in Cambodia, which has emerged as a major center of rackets that have cost the victims billions of dollars. Pictures sent to Reuters on Saturday showed suspects wearing red shirts with their wrists bound together ahead of the deportation. Uk Heisela, chief of investigation at Cambodia s immigration department, said Chinese police had arrived to pick up the suspects.  The Immigration Department deported 61 suspects, including 13 women, who were involved in extortions on the internet,  Uk Heisela told Reuters. Uk Heisela said they had been detained during raids on Oct 17 and Oct 21 in the capital, Phnom Penh, and in Kandal and Preah Sihanouk provinces. Taiwan s government said 19 of them were from Taiwan, and that it had lodged a strong protest with China about the deportations. Taiwan has been unhappy that Taiwanese extortion suspects have been deported to China in the past and has accused Phnom Penh of acting at the behest of Beijing. China considers self-ruled Taiwan sovereign territory and Cambodia is one of China s closest allies in Southeast Asia. ",1
16240,Australian PM puts foreign minister in charge amid government crisis,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Saturday appointed his foreign minister as acting prime minister as he tried to stem the fallout of a citizenship crisis that has cost his government its parliamentary majority.  Turnbull delayed until Monday a long-planned trip to Israel and held an emergency Cabinet meeting to shore up support after Australia s High Court ruled on Friday that his deputy, Barnaby Joyce, and four other lawmakers should be expelled from parliament because they held dual nationality.  The court s shock decision had immediate ramifications, stripping the coalition government of the one-seat majority it holds in the lower house, forcing it to call a by-election in Joyce s seat and sending the Australian dollar lower. The opposition Labor Party has said it is considering a legal challenge to every decision made by Joyce since last year s election. Turnbull said on Saturday that the deputy position would remain vacant until after the Dec. 2 by-election for Joyce s seat. The position normally goes to a member of the National Party, the junior partner in the coalition government.  Foreign Minister Julie Bishop, a member of Turnbull s Liberal Party, would instead be acting prime minister when he travels to Israel on Monday, three days behind schedule.   Government goes on, good government goes on,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney, dismissing suggestions that the inability to agree on a deputy indicated tensions within the coalition.  When times get tough, that s when you put your arms around your mates.  Turnbull now needs the support of one of three independent lawmakers to keep his minority government afloat, with two sitting weeks of parliament left until it recesses for the year. At least two independent lawmakers have promised initial support, but noted that it may be conditional. Turnbull is under particular pressure after refusing demands from the opposition to remove Joyce, who has renounced his New Zealand citizenship, from the cabinet while the court decided his fate.  Turnbull said the court s interpretation of the constitution, which bars dual citizens from parliament in a bid to prevent split allegiances, was  very strict  and  very hard . He added that he was considering whether to recommend a change to the constitution, noting that more than half of the country s population of 24 million was either born overseas or has a parent who was born overseas.   Our objective is to ensure parliament is open to everybody,  he said. A referendum would be needed to change the constitution. The High Court ruled on seven lawmakers, some of whom had already resigned. All seven accepted that they were dual nationals at the time of their election but claimed they were unaware of their status. Some were conferred a second nationality by birth, others by descent.  The others dismissed were all senators in the upper house and their seats can be assigned to party-appointed alternatives. ",1
16241,Top Mexico university blames deadly bridge collapse on weak supports,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s elite Tecnologico de Monterrey university said on Friday that structural shortcomings contributed to the collapse of walkways on its Mexico City campus in an earthquake last month, killing five college students. Rashid Abella Yunes, the school s vice-president for the Mexico City region, told Reuters that examinations showed two sets of pedestrian bridges stretching between three buildings were too weak to withstand the Sept. 19 quake that toppled dozens of buildings and killed nearly 230 people in the capital.  The supports that were supporting the bridges were just 15 centimeters, which to the judgment of experts could have been larger,  he said.  The buildings made the bridges lose support, and they fell.   Abella added that the university was leaving to Mexico City prosecutors the task of determining if any of the architects, contractors or inspectors that it hired between 1991 and 1998 to build the bridges could be held responsible.  None of the professionals that Abella said worked on the bridges were immediately reachable for comment. Construction and safety documents published last month by the Tlalpan district, where the campus is located, included an August 2017 structural safety certificate. Abella also said that Mexico City s construction regulations do not specify the size that bridge supports need to be in order be structurally sound.   The university, renowned for its engineering program, attributed its findings to Mexico City-based engineering firm Garcia Jarque Ingenieros, which it hired to investigate the collapse.   A group of nearly 100 alumni have been pressing the school to explain how the bridges were constructed.  Of all of the doubts that we ve had, none are resolved,  said Carlos Brito, a 2010 graduate. Family members of two students who died at the site said their children were crushed by falling bridges as they raced out of the ground-floor cafeteria beneath.  Juan Carlos Alvarez Blanco said his son, 19-year-old engineering student Juan Carlos, decided to stay on campus for lunch and died attempting to exit the cafeteria.  We want facts,  he said last week.  Along with the other four families, we are very, very devastated.   A relative of another student who died, who asked to not be named, said the young man, who studied engineering, had also been in the cafeteria.   Both family members declined to provide further comment on Friday. ",1
16242,Spain arrests four former Venezuelan officials for U.S. probe,"MADRID/CARACAS (Reuters) - Spanish authorities arrested a former Venezuelan deputy minister and three former executives at Venezuelan state companies for alleged links to money laundering and international corruption, Spain s Civil Guard said on Friday.     The operation was carried out with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.        The District Court for South Texas has issued an international detention order for extradition for involvement in criminal acts related to money laundering and international corruption,  the Civil Guard said in a statement.     The statement does not specify the names of those arrested but does include their initials and the position of one of them. It says that person is a former energy vice minister.      Venezuela and its state oil company PDVSA have been involved in several corruption scandals in recent years.     Neither PDVSA nor the Venezuelan government responded immediately to requests for comment.     About 10 people have pleaded guilty as part of a U.S.investigation into a $1 billion bribery plot involving payments to PDVSA officials, which became public with the arrest of two Venezuelan businessmen in 2015. ",1
16243,"China's neo-Maoists welcome Xi's new era, but say he is not the new Mao","BEIJING (Reuters) - A fringe group of hard-line conservatives who long for the way things were under communist China s founding leader, Mao Zedong, have welcomed President Xi Jinping s  new era  of socialism and its renewed emphasis on equality.  Their enthusiasm only goes so far, though. They don t want to put Xi on the same pedestal as Mao. At the ruling Communist Party s leadership conclave that wrapped up this week, Xi laid out a confident vision for a proud and prosperous China, with the party firmly in control, and cemented his authority as the country s most powerful leader since Mao took power in 1949 and declared the founding of modern China. Delegates praised Xi using Mao-era honorifics, and he became the first serving Chinese leader since Mao to have a named ideology written into the party charter, signaling that it will be in effect beyond his second five-year term, which began this week.  Their similarity is that they both want to rejuvenate the Chinese nation, they both want an independent, powerful, new China,  Song Yangbiao, a Beijing-based neo-Maoist freelance journalist, told Reuters.  Chairman Mao freed the Chinese people from the oppression of the West, while Xi Jinping has dedicated himself to giving new China a greater voice on the global stage,  he said. But Song said that it was  not realistic  to revive Mao s party chairman title and confer it on Xi. That elevation is a possibility that has been floated, according to some sources with ties to the leadership.  Chairman Mao s authority was built from a long and arduous struggle. Xi s power came from the bureaucracy in a time of peace. The history is totally different,  he said. Some mainstream party cadres at the congress did not have such reservations. Many called Xi a wise and great  lingxiu , or leader, an honorific only used for Mao Zedong and his short-lived successor Hua Guofeng. Bayanqolu, party chief of northeastern China s Jilin province, went so far as to call Xi  party helmsman , a term not in general use in senior Communist Party circles since Mao, who was called the  Great Helmsman .   Accepting Xi as a powerful leader, accepting him as the most powerful leader since Mao, is a necessary trait of Xi s new era,  said Sima Nan, a television pundit, blogger and defender of Mao and the Communist Party.  Look at how much he has said, how much he has written, how many people he has met - when does he have time to sleep?  he said in reference to Xi.   China has an awkward relationship with Mao s legacy.   Mao is still officially venerated by the Party as the founder, with a huge portrait overlooking Tiananmen Square and his face on every yuan banknote. But he is disliked by many intellectuals and others in China, who consider him personally responsible for the tumultuous decade-long Cultural Revolution and economic policies that caused famine and killed millions.   State media sometimes say that what Mao did was 30 percent negative and 70 percent positive. Neo-Maoists dismiss criticisms of Mao as smears by Westerners and revisionists, and the group vociferously defends Mao and his policies in articles online, with occasional public shaming of those who slight his legacy.   In January, a professor in central China was sacked from a university after Maoists protested a social media post in which he said Mao was responsible for millions of deaths.   While Xi has not lavished praise on Mao or his policies, he has defended his  mistakes  and has drawn a line against attempts to revise the Party s official history, pleasing the neo-Maoists.    He has also borrowed from Maoist imagery, rhetoric and  campaigns to enforce discipline on cadres, garner public support and strengthen the party s leading role in society.    Party, government, military, civilian and academic, east, west, south, north and center, the Party leads everything,  Xi said during his speech to open Congress. ",1
16244,Factbox: Catalonia crisis - What's next?,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain on Friday sacked Catalonia s regional government, dissolved the Catalan parliament and called a snap election in the region for Dec. 21, in a bid to draw a line under the country s worst political crisis in 40 years. Below are several scenarios of what could happen in the next few days. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked Catalonia s government including regional president Carles Puigdemont and his deputy Oriol Junqueras and assumed direct control over the region. Central government ministries will assume directly the powers of the Catalan administration until a regional election takes place on Dec. 21. It is not clear whether a snap regional election will resolve the crisis. An opinion poll published by the El Periodico newspaper on Sunday showed a snap election would probably have results similar to the last ballot in 2015, when a coalition of pro-independence parties formed a minority government. Other opinion polls have shown Catalonia is almost evenly split between pro- and anti-independence supporters. Catalonia s main secessionist groups have called for widespread civil disobedience. They also instructed civil servants not to obey orders from Madrid and respond with peaceful resistance. It is unclear whether such calls will be followed or not. Spain s government said it was not planning to make any arrests, but it is unclear how it will proceed if the current regional administration staff refuse to leave their offices. A growing number of analysts fear this could lead to a physical confrontation if national police, who used heavy-handed tactics to thwart an Oct. 1 vote on independence, seek to intervene. One of the main problems over the implementation of direct rule will relate to Catalonia s own police forces, the Mossos d Esquadra. Rajoy said the Mossos chief would be fired. But a group of Mossos favoring independence has already said they would not follow instructions from the central government and would not use force to remove ministers and lawmakers from power. Several officers told Reuters they believed the 17,000-strong force was split between those who want independence and those who oppose it. The Mossos, whose chief is under investigation on suspicion of sedition, will have to act on direct orders from their new bosses. If deemed necessary, Mossos officers may be replaced by national police. The Economy Ministry has already increased its control over regional finances, to block the use of state funds to organize the secession bid, and started paying directly for essential services. Under the new proposal, Madrid will take full financial control. Many companies have however said on condition of anonymity that they feared a new Catalan treasury could start levying taxes, and that they would seek to move their tax base outside Catalonia. It is also possible that some pro-independence Catalans will stop paying their taxes to the Spanish treasury. The Spanish government had initially said it would control widely watched Catalan public television TV3, but it eventually dropped that plan. The media is likely to play an important role in the run-up to the new election in Catalonia. ",1
16245,Mexico will not recognize Catalonia's independence: President,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico will not recognize Catalonia s declaration of independence from Spain, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto wrote in a post on Twitter on Friday evening. The political turmoil in Spain intensified on Friday as the Madrid government dismissed Catalonia s president and parliament hours after the region declared independence. Pena Nieto made it clear he will stand beside Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as he confronts the nation s most acute political crisis since it embraced democracy in 1978.  Mexico will not recognize the unilateral declaration of independence of Catalonia,  Pena Nieto wrote.  We hope for a political and peaceful solution.   Nations including France, Germany and the United States have also voiced their support for Spanish unity.   Spain was plunged into uncertainty on Oct. 1 when Catalonia, a prosperous northeastern state that accounts for 20 percent of Spain s gross domestic product, held an independence referendum, though courts had declared the proceedings illegal. Separatists declared victory despite a participation of only 43 percent. Shortly after the referendum, Mexico s Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said in a statement that the country favored a unified Spain.  ",1
16246,"Brazil's Temer to shuffle cabinet in March, main ally out: source","BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer will shuffle his cabinet in March and likely exclude members of his main allied party after many of its lawmakers turned against him this week, a senior government source said on Friday. The source, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the matter, said he did not expect the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) to be part of the future government.  The reshuffle follows the biggest revolt yet against Temer s 13-month government when the majority of PSDB lower-house deputies on Wednesday voted to put him on trial over corruption charges. The PSDB plans to field its own presidential candidate next year and may well quit Temer s coalition of its own accord as the elections draw closer, the source said. Though the lower house voted to shelve a corruption case against Temer, the upheaval in his ruling coalition is likely to derail Temer s plans to plug a budget deficit to help Brazil recover from its worst ever recession.  The planned cabinet changes will take place as ministers have to leave the cabinet by April to run in October elections.  Smaller allied parties have asked Temer to eject the PSDB from his government. It currently holds four cabinet posts. The source said Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes, a member of the PSDB, might stay on even if his party leaves the government. Temer, whose popularity is at rock bottom, has no plans to run for re-election. His centrist Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), Brazil s largest, has generally entered governments through coalitions with other parties and rarely fielded its own presidential candidate. Government officials expect the economy to pick up and grow at 3 percent by mid-2018, which would improve the PDMB s chances should it choose to do so. Such a candidate would likely be someone from outside the party and have to be untarnished by the corruption scandals battering Brazil s political class, the source said. ",1
16247,Islamic State guerrilla attacks point to its future strategy,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian and Iraqi forces closing in on the last scraps of Islamic State s caliphate straddling the remote border area between the two countries have already witnessed the jihadists  likely response. While their comrades mounted last stands in their Syrian capital of Raqqa and the city of Hawija in Iraq, IS militants seized the Syrian town of al-Qaryatayn and launched its biggest attack for months in Ramadi late last month. That is the kind of guerrilla insurgency both countries foresee IS turning to.   It is expected that after the Daesh terrorist organization s capacity to fight in the field is finished, its remnants will resort to this type of (guerrilla) operation. But for a certain period of time, not forever,  said a Syrian military source, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.     The continued ability for IS to mount attacks in areas where it was thought to have been eliminated will hinder efforts to stabilize regions when the fighting wanes.  In Iraq, where Islamic State originated, it has a proven record of falling back upon local networks from which it can rise anew when conditions allow. So far, it has not shown it has the same capacity in Syria, and it might find doing so more challenging there than in Iraq.  The sectarian divisions on which it thrives are less pronounced in Syria, and it faces competition there for jihadist loyalty from other powerful militant groups.  Daesh is in essence an Iraqi organization, it will survive to some extent in Iraq. Syrian members will dissolve in other Syrian Salafi jihadist groups,  said Hisham Hashami, an adviser on Islamic State to the Iraqi government. But in both countries it has shown it can exploit holes left by overstretched enemies to carry out spectacular attacks - the one in Syria s al-Qaryatayn most clearly - that spread panic and tie down opposing forces.  It has also proved able to carry out bombings and assassinations in areas controlled by the Iraqi and Syrian governments, U.S.-backed Kurdish militias and rival jihadist rebel groups, signaling an ability to survive underground.  A jihadist from a Syrian rebel faction opposed to Islamic State said the group had won enough support among young men to give it a latent capacity to revive.   I believe that it is possible, given that its ideology has spread widely among the youths, that something new will emerge,  the jihadist said, pointing to the highly effective propaganda machine deployed by Islamic State over the last three years. The al-Qaryatayn attack began on the evening of 29 September, when up to 250 militants with guns, rockets and mortars spread around the area with  terrible speed , said Ayman al-Fayadh, a resident.  It was particularly alarming because the government had declared al-Qaryatayn safe months ago, and had helped its residents to move back into their homes.  When the jihadists were finally forced out after three weeks of fighting around the outskirts of al-Qaryatayn, they took their revenge, slaughtering scores of its inhabitants.  They were very bloodthirsty and didn t spare anyone,  Fayadh said.  The Syrian military source said it took three weeks to retake the town because it was inhabited and the army was trying to avoid civilian casualties.  However, the attack showed how towns in Syria s deserts, where armed forces can be spread only thinly, are vulnerable to Islamic State and that such operations can tie down opposing armies.  People are afraid of Daesh returning,  said a Syrian journalist who visited the town this week.  They killed anyone who had taken part in pro-government protests. Bodies had been thrown in streets and in wells.  Fayadh also said townspeople were among the attackers, indicating that Islamic State used its years of rule to build local support networks and establish sleeper cells for future attacks - something that could be replicated elsewhere in Syria.   They re going to continue to have to look for places where they can plan and finance and resource and launch their attacks from,  said Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, noting Islamic State had often used  sparsely populated areas .          The assault on Ramadi took place three days before. Militants attacked Iraqi security forces with suicide car bombs, mortars and machine guns in a city that it had apparently lost months earlier. The big challenge in both Iraq and Syria is to co-opt the Sunni Arab tribes, or risk a revival of jihadist insurgency. The Suuni-Shi ite divide has plagued Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 that ignited the civil war. Shi ite parties backed by Iran have dominated the government and used militia forces against mostly Sunni insurgents. The Syrian government may have the same problem. It is allied to the region s main Shi ite powers - Iran and militia groups such as Lebanon s Hezbollah - and led by a president, Bashar al-Assad, from a Shi ite offshoot sect.  It will also be a challenge for the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance in northern Syria, which is spearheaded by Kurdish groups. They have sometimes struggled to convince Arabs that it will protect their interests.   It all depends on the degree to which those fighting under Assad and the SDF incorporate settled tribes into governing structures,  said Andrew Tabler, a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East policy.      Even in northwestern Syria, where rebel groups including jihadist factions hold sway, hardship and insurgent infighting might create space for Islamic State to again seize ground.  Beside the al-Qaryatayn attack, a group of Islamic State fighters have managed to take a pocket of territory in rebel-held areas near Hama in recent weeks, battling a rival jihadist group for control of several villages.  It has used bomb attacks and assassinations to target government-held cities in the west, Kurdish security forces in the northeast and Islamist rebel factions in the northwest.  In the isolated enclave it holds in Yarmouk camp south of Damascus, it has also shown renewed aggression, taking over the headquarters of a neighboring rebel group this month by force.  The jihadist rebel said he believed Islamic State could repeat the strategy it used in Iraq last decade of retrenching when under attack, then rebounding in more virulent form.   In this period of weakness, Islamic State depends on the ideology that it spread,  the jihadist said.  It appears that the same experience is being repeated. They could carry out bombings, a guerrilla war.  ",1
16248,Catalonia or Neverland? Humor relieves tension in Spain,"MADRID (Reuters) - Shortly after the Catalan government defied Madrid and held a referendum on independence, Jaume Vives held his own  vote  on whether to separate his central Barcelona balcony from  this Catalonia of madmen . Using a megaphone, the 25-year-old journalist declared the nine votes cast by his assembled friends and family were really 2.4 million - a slightly inaccurate reference to the 2.3 million who voted for a break with Spain. Then he suspended the decision   just as Catalan president Carles Puigdemont had done with his Oct. 10 decision to pursue independence in the Catalan parliament. A video of the stunt has been watched 890,000 times on YouTube as people on both sides of the independence divide turn to satire to break the tension of a real-life drama that is both dividing and maddening the nation. The drama s two main actors - Puigdemont and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy - are the butt of most jibes.   The anti-independence camp has aimed its jokes at Puigdemont and what they see as his reluctance to be decisive and his flip-flop statements on the independence question.  In recent weeks, he has declared independence then suspended his declaration, accepted an invitation to address the Senate then declined it, and called for an independence vote in Catalan parliament   and then deferred it. One bar in Barcelona recently put up a sign that declared free beer for all - but then, tongue-in-cheek, said the measure was immediately suspended pending talks with the beer company. One mock TV game show presented a puzzled Puigdemont considering his answer to the final question of an episode of  Who wants to be a millionaire?   What is Catalonia right now?,  the question read on the screen, with the four possible answers listed as: A - a region ? B - Neverland ? C - a Republic ?, or D - a circus ? On the other side, satirists have homed in on Prime Minister Rajoy and his insistence that Puigdemont renounce independence as a condition of negotiations. In one online parody, Rajoy is shown with U.S. President Donald Trump s hair and a caption saying:  I will build a wall, - and Catalonia will pay for it.  At a recent pro-independence demonstration in Barcelona he appeared on a poster kissing Spanish dictator Francisco Franco - historically a hate figure in Catalonia - on the lips amid a burst of pink heart shapes. Another, shared hundreds of thousands of times on Whatsapp, shows Rajoy embracing Puigdemont and saying,  He stays , in a parody of a famous tweet from FC Barcelona defender Gerard Pique announcing that Brazilian star Neymar would not leave the club. Neymar signed for Paris Saint Germain days later. The satire highlights the fatigue that both sides feel. Barcelona has buzzed for the past two months with repeated, large-scale protests, mostly for independence but also including one rally of more than 300,000 against secession. Humor has become a means of escape from the seemingly endless tension. From his balcony in the upmarket residential neighborhood of Sarria-Sant Gervasi, Vives described his lone anti-independence as a  Smiling Counter-Revolution .   We are reducing to absurdity the absurd reality we are living, and the lies they tell us,  Vives said.  Doing this reduces the tension in the atmosphere. Jokes don t feed hatred.  ",1
16249,Fired Mexico prosecutor drops bid to fight dismissal,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s top prosecutor for electoral crimes on Friday said he would no longer fight his dismissal by the acting attorney general, ending a simmering dispute that had caused embarrassment to the government of President Enrique Pena Nieto.  Mexico s acting attorney general last week fired Santiago Nieto on the grounds that he broke a code of conduct for officials. Nieto s firing came just days after he spoke publicly about a graft investigation linked to the campaign of Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto. His summary dismissal stirred up a major row in Congress that at one point threatened to impede the passage of  legislation, but with the passing of a key budget bill late on Thursday, there were signs the dispute was receding. In a letter to the Senate and a news conference, Nieto said that he had become too polarizing a figure to keep working ahead of national elections next year. However, he insisted he had broken no law and that he had been unfairly dismissed.  For all these reasons I have decided to withdraw my objection to (my dismissal),  he said in the letter. Nieto was fired after an interview with newspaper Reforma in which he said Emilio Lozoya, the former boss of state oil firm Pemex, wrote to him to ask that he be declared innocent of accusations he funneled cash from Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht into Pena Nieto s 2012 election campaign.  Lozoya, who was a senior adviser to Pena Nieto in the campaign, denies the allegations about Odebrecht. The firm is at the heart of a bribery and kickback probe, known as Lava Jato or Car Wash, that has reverberated across Latin America. Pena Nieto has also denied involvement in any wrongdoing related to the 2012 campaign. ",1
16250,Dozens of unidentified bodies found near Libyan city of Benghazi,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - The bodies of 37 unidentified people have been found near the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, security sources said on Friday.  The bodies were found on Thursday night in Al-Abyar, about 70 km (44 miles) east of Benghazi. The security sources gave no information about their possible identity. Smaller numbers of bodies have been found in and around Benghazi on several occasions in recent months. The area is controlled by the Libyan National Army (LNA), a force headed by eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar.   He declared victory in a campaign for Benghazi in July, though some fighting has continued in one district of the city. ",1
16251,Italian man sentenced to 24 years for infecting dozens of women with HIV,"ROME (Reuters) - An Italian man was sentenced on Friday to 24 years in prison for infecting more than 30 women with the HIV virus, after having unprotected sex with them despite knowing that he was HIV positive, a court ruled. Valentino Talluto, a 33-year-old accountant, seduced dozens of women via social networks for a decade before his arrest in November 2015. Police believe he had sex with at least 53 women during that time, passing on the virus to 32 of them. The male partners of three of the women subsequently contracted the potentially fatal illness, as did an eight-month-old infant of a fourth woman. Talluto often found an excuse not to wear a condom, telling his partners that he was allergic to them, or had just had an HIV test, the court in Rome heard.  He expressed regret for what had happened, but said he did not realize the consequences of his actions.  Prosecutors had urged the court to give him life in jail, saying he had provoked an HIV epidemic. The court rejected this, convicting him instead of  grievous and incurable bodily harm . Many of the women only discovered they had HIV after they heard of Talluto s arrest and had a test. The HIV/AIDS pandemic has killed around 35 million people worldwide since it began in the 1980s. ",1
16252,German groups mobilize against rise of far right,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German civil rights groups are mobilizing against the newly elected far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party and other more hardline groups, vowing to avert the even stronger rightward lurch seen in neighboring countries. Thousands of protesters are expected in the eastern city of Dresden on Saturday when the anti-Islam PEGIDA movement  celebrates its third anniversary. PEGIDA - Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West - has seen dwindling crowds since early 2015, with the AfD absorbing some of its supporters. The AfD won almost 13 percent of the vote in the Sept. 24 national election, making it the third largest party in the Bundestag, or lower house of parliament, and the first far-right party to win seats in more than half a century. Exit polls showed that 60 percent of AfD voters cast a  protest vote , with many angry at Chancellor Angela Merkel s 2015 decision to allow in over a million mainly Muslim migrants.  Experts say the party s rise is also part of a global trend that has brought right-leaning parties or leaders to power in Poland, Hungary, and most recently, Austria.  Germany s mainstream parties have said they will not work with the AfD at a national level, but activists say they must stake out clear resistance to AfD comments on Islam and other issues in the parliament, and 14 out of 16 state legislatures.  We ve seen a strong and growing movement of people resisting the AfD in recent months in big cities, in small towns, and now we need that movement on a national scale,  said Nora Berneis of Aufstehen gegen Rassismus, or Standing up against Racism. The group is planning a large protest in the northern city of Hanover on Dec. 2 when the AfD meets for a party conference. The party has drawn sharp criticism from a German journalists  group for seeking data on the ethnic backgrounds and political views of journalists who want to cover the conference. Christoph Schott, with the global activist group Avaaz, said more than 500,000 people had signed an open letter to the AfD, rejecting the party s  xenophobic  and  racist  messages. The AfD rails against what it calls the  Islamisation of Europe  and denies it is racist.  Beginning with Allied  re-education  efforts after World War Two, Germany has developed an intense civic education program. The government doubled funding for projects aimed at combating right-wing, left-wing and Islamist extremism to over 100 million euros in 2017 alone. Some credit such policies with keeping support for far-right parties lower than in neighboring countries. But Axel Ruppert with the European Network against Racism said the AfD s aggressive rhetoric was pressing the boundaries of  acceptable  discourse and hate crimes were rising. Police data showed a 14-percent rise in right-wing extremist violent acts in 2016, and anti-Semitic crimes rose 4 percent to 681 in the first eight months of 2017. The AfD s entry into parliament has triggered a long-overdue dialogue about what went wrong during the unification of eastern and western Germany in 1990, said Michaela Glaser with the German Youth Institute, a non-profit research association.  One silver lining ... may be that things that were hidden before have become visible. And only if something has been articulated can it be addressed,  she said. ",1
16253,Libyans dig for water in latest test for capital's residents,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Across Libya s capital residents have started drilling through pavements to access wells in a desperate search for water after the taps ran dry in a new low for living conditions.  After years of neglect, workers turned off the water to do urgent maintenance earlier this month, cutting supplies to many Tripoli households. Then an armed group sabotaged the system, prolonging the misery.  The water crisis is a powerful symbol of state failure in a country that was once one of the wealthiest in the Middle East but has been gripped by turmoil since a 2011 uprising unseated Muammar Gaddafi. For Libyans the chaos has meant power cuts and crippling cash shortages. These are often made worse by battles between armed groups vying for control of the fractured oil-rich state and its poorly-maintained infrastructure.  We haven t had water for ten days. The state does nothing,  said Nasser Said, a landlord in Tripoli s upmarket Ben Ashour district. Already equipped with a generator to keep the power running during outages that sometimes last more than a day, he hired drillers to dig some 31 meters to extract groundwater for the six apartments in the residential block he owns.  No water, no electricity. You become a state in a state,  he said, standing next to his building on a leafy sidestreet.  We last had to do this maybe 20 years ago.  Like many Libyans, Said is skeptical about the chances of U.N.-led peace talks unifying rival factions that have been fighting for control. The talks were adjourned last week with little sign of progress in creating a government that could stabilize Libya and stand up to armed groups that have repeatedly seized oil facilities and other state assets to make demands. The U.N.-supported Government of National Accord (GNA) has struggled to impose its authority since its leaders arrived in Tripoli in March last year.  Early last week an armed faction in the south said it had turned off water supplies from Gaddafi s Great Man Made River, a pipeline system that pumps water from underneath Libya s vast southern desert to coastal areas such as Tripoli.  The group is seeking the release of a leader imprisoned by a rival faction in the capital, said Tawfiq Shwehaidi, a manager at the Great Man Made River based in the eastern city of Benghazi.  We had started maintenance work on the 16th (of October) and cut supplies to Tripoli,  he said.  Afterwards an armed group... set one power plant on fire which closed three other plants and shut down 24 wells.   That has deprived residents of water while boosting the business of drillers who for 4,000-6,000 Libyan dinars ($2,940-$4,410 at the official exchange rate) access groundwater unused in some neighborhoods since the Great Man Made River started pumping water to Tripoli in 1996.   We drill about three wells in two weeks   it takes about three to four days to drill a well,  said Abdulsalam Forganea, a 23-year-old worker helping to operate an ageing drilling rig. Parts of Tripoli offer a semblance of normality and power cuts have eased since the summer. The city has seen fewer big clashes since a handful of armed groups aligned with the GNA earlier this year. But security is still fragile. A former prime minister was abducted in August for nine days by one of the two most powerful armed groups, while the other engaged in a battle this month that shut down the airport. A Reuters reporter recently saw a traffic clogged commercial street suddenly empty as a man was fatally shot by militiamen. Kidnapping for ransom is rife. A conflict that escalated in 2014 has put extra pressure on a Tripoli population that swelled to an estimated three million with the arrival of displaced families from other Libyan cities. Public health services are failing, inflation has spiraled, and the start of the school year has been delayed by several weeks because teachers are striking over salaries.  Shutdowns crippled oil revenues so little has been spent on repairs and maintenance, and the water network and other infrastructure have been corroded. Most government spending goes on public salaries, including for former rebel groups that forced their way onto the state payroll after Gaddafi s overthrow.  No budget has been transferred... since 2011 except the emergency budget, which is the result of the financial difficulties experienced by the Libyan state,  said Naji Assaed, head of the Libyan Water Authority. Production at desalination plants has fallen sharply, with output at a plant in the western town of Zuwara dropping from 80,000 cubic liters to 16,000 cl annually. Assaed said officials were working hard to resolve the crisis, but it was not clear when supplies would be restored. As he spoke a tanker arrived up to deliver water for his tattered ministry building.  In the absence of adequate spare parts, lack of budgets, lack of stability in the security situation, security chaos, people do not comply with the law and all this has affected the performance of the system,  he said. ($1 = 1.3607 Libyan dinars) ",1
16254,U.S. says Congo must hold long-delayed election by end of 2018,"KINSHASA (Reuters) - Democratic Republic of Congo must hold a long-delayed election to replace President Joseph Kabila by the end of next year or the vote will lose international support, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said on Friday. Repeated delays to the poll, originally scheduled for late 2016, have led to unrest and raised fears the Central African nation could slip back into the kind of conflicts that killed millions around the turn of the century. U.S. envoy Nikki Haley met with Kabila for 90 minutes on Friday. She is the most senior member of President Donald Trump s administration to visit the country.   It was a firm, candid conversation,  Haley told a small group of reporters, adding she had  made very clear that the United States wanted to see elections in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2018 and we wouldn t accept elections any later .   A relationship with the United States is dependent on how he acts going forward,  she said.  He has the ability to either support that or not support that, but we have the ability to make our decisions based on that.  Haley, who earlier on Friday met with the Congolese electoral commission (CENI), political opposition and Catholic bishops, did not elaborate on what action the United States could take.       After meeting with CENI, she told reporters she had passed on a message that  these elections must take place in 2018 or there will be no support for the electoral process .  Every day we don t have elections in this country someone dies,  she said.  The electoral commission had said earlier this month that the vote to replace Kabila could not take place until April 2019 at the earliest, leading the opposition to warn that the population would  take matters into its own hands . Dozens died in protests against Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December. The resulting political crisis has also contributed to rising militia violence in Congo s east and center. Kabila, who has ruled Congo since his father s assassination in 2001, says the election delays are due to challenges registering millions of voters.  However, his opponents accuse him of using the delay to maneuver to remove term limits that prevent him from standing for re-election, as presidents in neighboring Rwanda and Congo Republic have done. He denies those charges.  Congo government spokesman Lambert Mende said the government hoped to see the election as soon as possible but that it was up to the electoral commission to set the date.  It s not up to the government, nor to Ms Haley to organize the elections,  Mende said.  I don t think that we can be subjected to these kinds of diktats.  International donors have said they are prepared to provide significant funding to elections but are waiting for a realistic calendar from CENI. So far, they have contributed only 6 percent of the $123 million that the United Nations is expecting, the head of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo said earlier this month. ",1
16255,Barca's Valverde skirts independence debate as Iniesta ruled out for Bilbao,"MADRID, (Reuters) - Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde declined to be drawn on Friday on whether a declaration of independence by Catalonia s parliament meant his side might end up being kicked out of La Liga.     The Spanish football league s president Javier Tebas was previously quoted as saying that, should Catalonia become independent, the region s sides would not be able to compete in La Liga.  Valverde declined to comment on the possibility of that happening.      Nothing has happened (in relation to Barcelona not being in La Liga) and we re only talking about hypothetical situations,  he said.      I have my own opinion but I just want to concentrate on sporting questions, especially because the political situation appears to change every half hour.      In a bid to draw a line under Spain s worst political crisis in 40 years, the government in Madrid on Friday sacked Catalonia s regional government, dissolved the Catalan parliament and called a snap election in the region for Dec. 21. In what appears to be a doomed gesture, the parliament had hours earlier declared independence following a referendum on secession that Spanish courts had ruled was illegal. On the pitch, table-topping Barca confirmed that midfield playmaker Andres Iniesta would miss Saturday s visit to Athletic Bilbao.     The club captain, who this week was named in the FIFPro Team of the Year, has a thigh strain and adds to a growing list of absentees for Valverde that also includes Ousmane Dembele, Rafinha, Arda Turan, Aleix Vidal and Thomas Vermaelen.     The news is not all negative, however, with full back Jordi Alba given the green light by the club s medical staff to return to action.     Valverde joined Barca from Bilbao in the summer and will visit his former club as coach of the Catalans for the first time, insisting he will not allow emotion to get the better of him.      For me it s a special game. A lot of things link me to Athletic, but tomorrow I am the opponent,  he said. ",1
16256,Morneau Shepell sees no impact from pension legislation,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Morneau Shepell Inc (MSI.TO), the human resources management company at the heart of conflict-of-interest allegations against Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau, said on Friday it would not benefit from pension or tax legislation proposed by the Liberal government. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s government has been badly shaken by the conflict-of-interest controversy about his finance minister, who is the multimillionaire former chief executive officer of Morneau Shepell. Some have questioned whether Morneau, whose father founded Morneau Shepell, would be forced to resign. Morneau Shepell, a major provider of pension administration services to private companies and government agencies, said it is not involved in the consultation for either changes to the small business tax code or to the pension reform.  If passed, (the pension reform) would allow federally regulated pension plans the option to implement target benefit pension plans. They would not be required to do this,  the company said in a statement.  Several provinces have already enacted similar enabling legislation for pension plans that they regulate, but in practice, very few employers have adopted it,  Morneau Shepell said. The company said it severed all contact with Morneau upon his election to the House of Commons in October 2015. Morneau resigned as executive chairman of Morneau Shepell shortly after his election. Morneau, who was named finance minister shortly after his election to Parliament, said last week he would put his assets in a blind trust and divest his stockholding in the family business in response to criticism that his proposals for pension or tax reform could benefit his company and his personal finances. On Thursday, Morneau said he will donate to charity any profit that his Morneau Shepell shares have made since he was elected. The company s stock, currently trading at C$21.17, closed at C$15.77 in the session before the election, which would put the potential profit for the 1 million shares Morneau has said he holds at C$5.4 million. Morneau told reporters on Thursday he did not know what the difference in the value of the shares will be. Opposition parties from both the political left and right have seized on the ethics scandal, trying to tie Trudeau s team to what they say is an entitled Liberal Party that has previously faced corruption charges.  ",1
16257,"Spain's Rajoy sacks Catalan government, calls snap election","MADRID (Reuters) - Spain on Friday sacked Catalonia s regional government, dissolved the Catalan parliament and called a snap election in the region for Dec. 21, in a bid to draw a line under Spain s worst political crisis in 40 years.  We believe it is urgent to listen to Catalan citizens, to all of them, so that they can decide their future and nobody can act outside the law on their behalf,  Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in a televised speech. ",1
16258,U.S. seeks meeting soon to revive Asia-Pacific 'Quad' security forum,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States wants a meeting soon aimed at reviving a four-way dialogue between itself, Japan, India and Australia to deepen security cooperation and coordinate alternatives for regional infrastructure financing to that offered by China, a senior U.S. official said on Friday. The so-called  Quad  to discuss and cooperate on security emerged briefly as an initiative a decade ago - much to the annoyance of China, which saw as an attempt by regional democracies to contain its advances. In an interview with Japan s Nikkei newspaper on Wednesday, Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono proposed reviving the forum, which he said he had discussed with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop on the sidelines of a regional meeting in Manila in August. According to the Nikkei, the purpose would be to secure a peaceful maritime zone from Asia to Africa. It said Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe would officially propose the dialogue partnership to U.S. President Donald Trump on Nov. 6, when the U.S. leader visits Japan as part of an Asian tour that will also take him to China. Alice Wells, Washington s acting assistant secretary of state for South Asia, told reporters after accompanying Tillerson on a visit to India that Washington was  looking at a working level quadrilateral meeting in the near term.   The quadrilateral the Japanese foreign minister discussed would be building on a very productive trilateral we have with India and Japan,  she said. Wells said the idea was to bring together countries that share the same values  to reinforce those values in the global architecture.   As we explore ways to deepen and try to inculcate some of the values - freedom of navigation, maritime security, humanitarian assistance, disaster response, transparency, obviously Australia would be a natural partner in that effort.  Wells rejected the idea the forum would be aimed at containing China, which has alarmed Asia-Pacific countries through its pursuit of territory in the South China Sea and has launched major initiatives to develop regional infrastructure.  She said it would seek to coordinate alternatives for nations seeking investment in infrastructure and economic development,  that don t include predatory financing or unsustainable debt.   It s hard to see a meeting of diplomats from four countries as a plan to contain China,  she said.  It s a natural progression and convergence of interests between democratic countries in the Indo-Pacific region.  Tillerson said before visiting India that Washington saw room to invite others, including Australia, to join U.S.-India-Japan security cooperation and to create alternatives to Chinese financing that was saddling countries with  enormous  debts and failing to create jobs. ",1
16259,"Bomb attack kills one Bahraini policeman, wounds eight","DUBAI (Reuters) - Militants attacked a Bahraini police bus near the Jidhafs area outside the capital Manama, killing one policeman and wounding eight others, the interior ministry said on Friday. The attack targeted the bus on the Khalifa bin Salman highway, the ministry said, adding that the militant group used a handmade bomb.  Investigations are underway to determine the circumstances of this premeditated terrorist attack and arrest the group involved,  the ministry said in a statement on its website. The incident was the latest in a series of attacks targeting policemen in the country where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based. The government blames the attacks on Shi ite militants it says are backed by Iran to destabilize the country, a charge Tehran denies. This month, a blast wounded five policemen on Budaiya road, near Manama, while they were guarding a procession by Shi ite Muslims marking the annual Ashura festival, which commemorates the death of Prophet Mohammad s grandson Imam Hussein some 1400 years ago. ",1
16260,German CSU hopes for coalition by year's end despite tricky talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s Bavarian allies still hope a three-way coalition government can be formed by the end of the year even though negotiators made little progress on bridging deep divisions this week, a senior party official said on Friday. Merkel is trying to unite her conservative alliance, which consists of her CDU and its Bavarian CSU sister party, in a pact with the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats to form a government. The conservatives placed first but lost seats in an election last month. After meeting for 11 hours on Thursday, the three camps resigned themselves to further talks next week after making little headway on the contentious issues of immigration and climate policy.  Our aim is for the exploratory talks to be at the stage in mid-November where we can tell our (party) committees  yes, this works, let us begin concrete negotiations ,  said Manfred Weber, a senior member of the CSU who is involved in the talks.  And then I hope we will have a new government by the end of the year,  he told broadcaster Bayerischer Rundfunk, but added:  It will be very difficult.  Immigration was the most divisive topic on Thursday. Many conservatives want to take a harder line after blaming their election setback on Merkel s decision to open Germany to more than a million mainly Middle Eastern migrants in 2015 and 2016. Negotiators will meet again next Monday and Thursday, by which time they want to seek a solution on refugee policy, sources close to the talks said. An agreement reached between Merkel s CDU and the CSU to cap annual refugee numbers had to be the basis of any coalition accord, Andreas Scheuer, CSU general secretary, said after Thursday s talks. The Greens oppose a refugee cap. Politicians say it could take months to form the coalition, leaving Germany hobbled as the European Union looks to its wealthiest country for leadership on governance reform. ",1
16261,Exclusive: Death certificate offers clues on Russian casualties in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - An official document seen by Reuters shows that at least 131 Russian citizens died in Syria in the first nine months of this year, a number that relatives, friends and local officials say included private military contractors.  The document, a death certificate issued by the Russian consulate in Damascus dated Oct. 4, 2017, does not say what the deceased was doing in Syria. But Reuters has established in interviews with the families and friends of some of the deceased and officials in their hometowns that the dead included Russian private military contractors killed while fighting alongside the forces of Moscow s ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The presence of the Russian contractors in Syria - and the casualties they are sustaining - is denied by Moscow, which wants to portray its military intervention in Syria as a successful peace mission with minimal losses. The Russian defense ministry did not immediately respond to detailed questions submitted by Reuters. Requests for comment from the Russian consulate in Damascus did not elicit a response.     Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a statement provided to Reuters on Friday:  We do not have information about individual citizens who visit Syria. With that, I consider this question dealt with.  Reuters sent questions to a group of Russian private military contractors active in Syria through a person who knows their commanders, but did not receive a response. The official death toll of military personnel in Syria this year is 16. A casualty figure significantly higher than that could tarnish President Vladimir Putin s record five months before a presidential election which he is expected to contest. A Reuters count of the number of Russian private contractors known to have been killed in Syria this year, based on interviews with relatives and friends of the dead and local officials in their hometowns, stands at 26. Russian authorities have not publicly released any information this year about casualties among Russian civilians who may have been caught up in the fighting.  The Russian Foreign Ministry, in response to Reuters questions, said the consulate in Syria was fulfilling its duties to register the deaths of Russian citizens. It said that under the law, personal data obtained in the process of registering the deaths was restricted and could not be publicly disclosed. In August, Igor Konashenkov, a Russian defense ministry spokesman, said in response to a previous Reuters report that information about Russian military contractors in Syria was  a myth , and that Reuters was attempting to discredit Moscow s operation to restore peace in Syria. A Russian diplomat who has worked in a consulate in another part of the world, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media, said the figure of 131 registered deaths in nine months was unusually high given the estimated number of Russian expatriates in Syria. Although there is no official data for the size of the community, data from Russian national elections shows there were only around 5,000 registered Russian voters in the country in 2012 and 2016.   It is as if the diaspora is dying out,  he said. High numbers of deaths are usually recorded by Russian consulates only in tourist destinations such as Thailand or Turkey, he said. Russian consulates do not register the deaths of military personnel, according to an official at the consulate in Damascus who did not give his name. The consular document seen by Reuters was a  certificate of death  issued to record the death of Sergei Poddubny, 36. It was one of three death certificates seen by Reuters. Poddubny s certificate, which bears the consulate s stamp, lists the cause of death as  carbonization of the body  - in other words, he was burned.  It said he was killed on Sept. 28 in the town of Tiyas, Homs province, the scene of heavy fighting between Islamist rebels and pro-Assad forces. Several Russian contractors were killed in the area earlier this year, friends and relatives told Reuters. Poddubny s body was repatriated and buried in his home village in southern Russia about three weeks later. He had been in Syria as a private military contractor, one of his relatives and one of his friends told Reuters.  Poddubny s death certificate had a serial number in the top right corner, 131. Under a Justice Ministry procedure, all death certificates are numbered, starting from zero at the start of the year and going up by one digit for each new death recorded. The Russian diplomat confirmed that is the procedure.  Reuters saw two other certificates, both issued on Feb. 3. The numbers - 9 and 13 - indicate certificates for at least five deaths were issued on that day. They were both private military contractors, according to people who know them. The death of a Russian citizen would have to be registered at the consulate in order to repatriate the body back to Russia via civilian channels, according to the Russian diplomat. A death certificate from the consulate would also help with bureaucracy back home relating to the dead person s assets, the  diplomat said. The bodies of Russians fighting on the rebel side are not repatriated, according to a former Russian official who dealt with at least six cases of Russians killed in Syria and the relatives of four Russian Islamists killed there. A few thousand Russian citizens with Islamist sympathies have traveled to rebel-held areas since the conflict began in 2011, according to Russian officials. ",1
16262,German far-right party wants journalists' private data,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) wants access to data about the ethnic backgrounds and political views of journalists who want to cover the party s national congress in December after it became the third largest party in parliament.  Journalists who register to cover the conference in Hanover are being asked to check a box in which they agreed to the collection, storage and use of personal data provided, such as name, medium and press pass number, as well as  special data . The form references a section in Germany s data protection law, which lists such  special data  as including racial and ethnic background, political views, religious or philosophical convictions, union membership, health or sexual orientation. Other parties require basic information for registration of journalists but do not ask for such personal details. The party, which rails against what it calls the  Islamisation of Europe  and  fake news  coverage by mainstream news outlets, declined to comment to the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper, which first reported the issue on Friday. The Berlin data protection official is investigating the issue, the newspaper reported.   This is an unacceptable intrusion into the private affairs of journalists,  Hendrik Zoerner, spokesman for the German Journalists Association, was quoted as telling the paper.  We call on the AfD to immediately remove the required agreement.  No comment was immediately available to Reuters from the party, the Berlin data protection official or the journalists  group.  The AfD won early 13 percent of vote on Sept. 24, making it the third largest party in the Bundestag, or lower house of parliament, and the first far-right group to move into the legislature in more than half a century.  German civil rights groups are mobilizing to stage a large protest in Hanover at the congress on Dec. 2. ",1
16263,Norway says sunken Russian helicopter wreckage may have been located,"OSLO/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Norwegian rescuers believe they may have located the sunken wreckage of a Russian helicopter that went missing on Thursday with eight people aboard off the coast of the Arctic Svalbard archipelago.  We ve found oil spills and air bubbles rising to the surface, and a vessel in the area has observed what appears to be a submerged object. It may be the helicopter,  Tore Hongset, the leader of Norway s rescue coordination center, told Reuters. A remotely operated mini submarine was being flown to the site and would likely be deployed in the early hours of Friday to help verify whether a discovery had been made, he added. A search for survivors would continue, the rescue center said, noting that the helicopter was equipped with life rafts. Russia s Emergency Ministry said the five crew and three passengers were Russians. The Russian-made Mil Mi-8 aircraft had been reported missing around 1335 GMT. The three passengers were working for Russia s Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute, the Russian Energy Ministry said in a statement. The helicopter was on its way from the abandoned Pyramiden settlement to the coal mining port of Barentsburg, but was later confirmed to have gone down in the ocean a few kilometers from its destination. Several vessels were in the area, according to shipping data from Marinetraffic.com. The ship of the governor of Svalbard, the Polarsyssel, was coordinating the search. The Russian coal company Arktikugol runs the coal mine at Barentsburg, which employs Russian and Ukrainian miners. An official at the Russian company Convers Avia Air told Reuters it owned the helicopter and had lost communication with it. Earlier, Hongset told Norwegian broadcaster TV2:  For every minute that goes by, the risk of hypothermia and death rises.  Located around 700 kilometers (435 miles) north of the European mainland, Svalbard is governed under a treaty that grants NATO-member Norway sovereignty while allowing other signatories to do business and exploit natural resources.  More than 40 countries are parties to the treaty. Moscow has maintained a presence on the islands for decades as a strategic foothold in the high north. ",1
16264,Iraq orders truce with Kurds to allow peaceful deployment at border crossings,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered a 24-hour suspension to military operations against Kurdish forces in northern Iraq, to allow for the peaceful deployment of Iraqi troops at the border crossings with the Kurdistan region. A Kurdish spokesman earlier said the two sides reached an agreement on Friday to stop fighting which broke out on Oct. 16, after Iraqi forces seized the oil-city of Kirkuk. Abadi ordered the offensive on Kirkuk and other Kurdish-held territory in retaliation to the Sept. 25 vote for independence in a referendum organized by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) - a drive that was all but crushed by the surprise attack. The 24-hour truce  should allow a joint technical committee ... to work on the deployment of federal Iraqi forces in all disputed areas, including Fish-Khabur, and the international border , Abadi said in a statement.   This should prevent bloodshed between the children of the same country.  He wants to take control of border crossings with neighboring countries, including one in the Fish-Khabur area through which an oil export pipeline crosses into Turkey, carrying Iraqi and Kurdish crude oil. The KRG on Wednesday proposed an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi constitution  - call rejected by Baghdad.     According to the KRG, which is based in the Kurdish autonomous region s capital of Erbil, the ceasefire entered effect at 1 a.m. on Friday (2200 GMT Thursday).  The ceasefire is holding,  Vahal Ali, the director of KRG  President Masoud Barzani s media office, told Reuters.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has also urged dialogue to start, in a call to Abadi, the Iraqi central government said in a statement on Friday morning. U.S.-backed Iraqi government forces, Iranian-backed paramilitaries and Kurdish fighters fought alongside each other to defeat Islamic State, also called ISIS, but the alliance has faltered with the militants largely defeated in the country. The multi-ethnic city of Kirkuk, which lies outside the KRG official boundaries, fell to Iraqi forces without much resistance on Oct. 16 but the Kurdish Peshmerga began to fight back as they withdrew closer to the core of the Kurdish region. The fall of Kirkuk, considered by many Kurds as the heart of their fatherland, was a major symbolic and financial blow to the Kurdish drive for independence championed by Barzani, as it halved the region s oil export revenue.  The most violent clashes happened in the northwestern corner as the Peshmerga fought back offensives toward Fish-Khabur, and also south of their capital Erbil, leaving dozens of casualties on both sides. Speaking in Geneva on Thursday, Tillerson said he was  disappointed that the parties have been unable to reach an entirely peaceful resolution  and that he had encouraged Abadi to accept the KRG  overtures for talks on the basis of the Iraqi constitution . Abadi demanded on Thursday that the Kurds declare their referendum void, rejecting the KRG offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks.  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the constitution,  he said in a statement during a visit to Tehran. The spokesman of the U.S.-led anti Islamic State coalition in Baghdad, U.S. Colonel Ryan Dillon, told Reuters:  Both parties are talking with one another, but it is not an official ceasefire.   In an interview with Kurdish TV Rudaw, Dillon called on the two sides to extend the deal to a complete halt in hostility and  refocus our efforts on defeating ISIS .  We are encouraging dialogue, we are trying to get the tensions down,  he added. Iraqi forces on Thursday launched an offensive to recapture the last patch of Iraqi territory still in the hands of Islamic State, on the border area with Syria. Abadi has expressed hope the group will be completely defeated in Iraq before the end of the year. The militant group also holds parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under their control is shrinking as they retreat in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s self-declared cross-border caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a gruelling battle which lasted nine months. The militants  Syrian stronghold, Raqqa, fell to U.S.-backed forces earlier this month. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014, released an audio recording on Sept. 28 that indicated he was alive, after several reports he had been killed. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks. ",1
16265,"Turkish ex-coastguard commander, 24 others jailed for life in coup trial","ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court on Friday sentenced 25 people, including a former coastguard commander, to life in prison for trying to overthrow the government during a failed coup last year, state news agency Anadolu reported. Prosecutors had charged 28 people over incidents at a naval base in the northwestern province of Kocaeli on July 15, the night of the coup attempt. Three suspects were acquitted. The Ankara court named the coastguard commander as Hakan Ustem. The trial was one of the first in a series of cases against people accused of involvement in the failed putsch, in which more than 240 people were killed when rogue soldiers commandeered tanks, warplanes and helicopters and attacked state institutions including parliament. Earlier this month, a court found 42 former soldiers guilty of trying to kill President Tayyip Erdogan during the coup, handing most of them life sentences. The government blames the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan, for orchestrating the failed coup.  Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied involvement and condemned the coup. ",1
16266,Syrian government to blame for April sarin attack: U.N. report,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad is to blame for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people last April, according to a report sent to the United Nations Security Council on Thursday.  The Syrian Arab Republic is responsible for the release of sarin at Khan Sheikhoun on 4 April 2017,  the report from the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) said. The attack prompted a U.S. missile strike against a Syrian air base which Washington said was used to launch the strike.   Time and again, we see independent confirmation of chemical weapons use by the Assad regime,  Nikki Haley, the United States  U.N. ambassador, said in a statement.  The Security Council must send a clear message that the use of chemical weapons by anyone will not be tolerated, and must fully support the work of the impartial investigators.  The report also said ISIS was to blame for the use of sulfur mustard in the Syrian town of Umm Hawsh on Sept. 15 and 16, 2016. The JIM was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November, and Russia on Tuesday vetoed a proposal to further extend its mandate. Russian ambassador to the U.N. Vassily Nebenzia said earlier this week Russia would consider revisiting the mandate extension after Thursday s report is discussed. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China hopes that the conclusions of any investigation have a basis in conclusive proof and are professional, objective and fair.  The continuing use of chemical weapons, including by non-State actors, is deeply disturbing,  said the report.  If such use, in spite of the prohibition by the international community, is not stopped now, a lack of consequences will surely encourage others to follow.  The JIM has already found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015.          Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war. ",1
16267,Syria rejects report blaming it for April sarin attack: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government rejected a report sent to the U.N. Security Council that blamed it for a chemical attack on the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in April in which dozens of people were killed, state media said on Friday.  Syria rejects in form and substance what was included in the report of the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) that was announced yesterday,  state news agency SANA reported, citing an official in Syria s foreign ministry. The official said the report had been compiled under instructions from the United States and other Western countries  to place more political pressure  on Syria, SANA reported. The JIM report found Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government responsible for the release of sarin at Khan Sheikhoun on April 4 this year. The attack prompted a U.S. missile strike against a Syrian air base which Washington said was used to launch the strike.  (Damascus) condemns the reliance of the Joint Investigative Mechanism on the word of criminals who committed this immoral act in Khan Sheikhoun and those of suspect witnesses, as well as so-called open sources,  a statement by the foreign ministry official said. The official also said Syria renewed its commitment to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and said it had no chemical materials restricted by the agreement. Syria considered the use of chemical weapons  an immoral act, condemned everywhere, at any time, under any circumstance,  SANA reported. ",1
16268,Scottish devolved government says respects Catalonian independence position,"LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland s independence-minded devolved government said it respected the position of the Catalonian regional government that declared independence from Spain on Friday.  We understand and respect the position of the Catalan Government,  Scottish Cabinet Secretary for External Affairs Fiona Hyslop said in a statement.  While Spain has the right to oppose independence, the people of Catalonia must have the ability to determine their own future,  she said.  Today s Declaration of Independence came about only after repeated calls for dialogue were refused.  She added:  The European Union has a political and moral responsibility to support dialogue to identify how the situation can be resolved peacefully and democratically.   ",1
16269,'Death to blasphemers' increasing as political rallying cry in Pakistan,"SWABI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Three police officers stand daily guard at the tomb of Pakistani student Mashal Khan to prevent religious hardliners from fulfilling threats to blow up the grave of the 23-year-old beaten to death over rumors he blasphemed against Islam. His grieving family, now also under police protection, say they have little hope the shocking campus killing will prompt a re-examination of blasphemy laws that carry a death penalty, or action against the mob justice that often erupts in such cases.  On Friday, there was more evidence the opposite is happening.  A new political party that has made punishing blasphemers its main rallying cry won a surprisingly strong 7.6 percent of the vote in a by-election in Peshawar, 60 km (36 miles) from where Mashal Khan was killed six months ago.  Death to blasphemers! Death to blasphemers!  was a common chant of supporters of the Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan party at its campaign rallies in the conservative northwestern city.  The party s relatively strong showing - and a separate outcry over a proposed change to an election law that outraged the religious right - has elevated blasphemy into a potent political issue in the run-up to a general election in 2018. While Tehrik-e-Labaik (Movement of the Prophet s Followers) is unlikely to break out of single digits in coming votes, its rapid rise, along with another ultra-religious party, could create an additional challenge for the ruling Pakistani Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N).  The PML-N party s leader, Nawaz Sharif, was ousted as prime minister in July by the Supreme Court, and opposition leader Imran Khan - who spearheaded the legal case that removed him over unreported income - is seeking to press the advantage. In this week s Peshawar by-election, former cricket star Imran s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party swept to a comfortable victory to retain the parliamentary seat, winning 34.8 percent of the vote. Sharif s PML-N had 18.9 percent, narrowly coming in third to the regionally strong Awami National Party that won just 40 more votes. But the gains by the Labaik party - formed just last year -  have grabbed attention. Labaik draws most of its support from the Barelvi branch of Sunni Islam, the largest sect in Pakistan that is traditionally considered moderate. Though the party does not publicly talk about its funding, the Barelvis have a network of mosques and madrassa religious schools that collect donations. The party emerged out of a protest movement against the state s execution of Mumtaz Qadri, a bodyguard of the governor of Punjab province who gunned down his boss in 2011 over his call to reform Pakistan s blasphemy laws, among the world s harshest, to prevent abuses. Qadri is considered a hero by the party, and its candidate in Peshawar, Muhammad Shafiq Ameeni, was equally supportive of Mashal Khan s killers, although the student s death was not a main feature at campaign rallies.  It was state s responsibility to punish a blasphemer, no two opinions, but when state doesn t do its job and someone does kill, he shouldn t be punished as a murderer,  Amini said, referring to the 57 people who face trial over Mashal Khan s death. In Pakistan, allegiance to Islam is the official line of most major parties, but ultra-religious parties have so far remained on the fringes.  Labaik is one of two new ultra-religious parties formed in roughly the past year. Together, Labaik and the Milli Muslim League (MML) gained about 11 percent of the vote in last month s by-election in Lahore and 10.4 percent in Peshawar, whereas the established religious parties, such as Jamaat-e-Islami and Jamaat Ulema-e-Islam, combined had 5.3 percent in the 2013 national election. Blasphemy is such an effective wedge issue in Pakistan because there is almost no defense against an accusation. For that reason, say critics, blasphemy laws are often invoked to settle personal scores and to intimidate liberal journalists, lawyers and politicians. Dozens of Pakistanis are sitting on death row after being convicted of insulting Islam s prophet, a specific charge that carries a mandatory death sentence, though no executions have been carried out in recent decades. Now, political parties may be in danger of facing blasphemy accusations themselves.  Earlier in October, the PML-N found itself in the middle of a firestorm when it voted through seemingly small changes to the nation s electoral law. The changes, among other things, turned a religious oath in the electoral laws stating that Mohammad was the last prophet of Muslims into a declaration using the words  I declare .  The alterations prompted accusations of blasphemy from the religious right and the government quickly retreated, terming the change a  clerical  mistake and apologizing in parliament. Labaik has vowed to hold a mass rally on Nov. 6 to demand the lawmakers responsible be prosecuted for blasphemy. Even before the Labaik party s political debut, politicians found promising swift action against blasphemers an easy way to appeal to conservative voters. In March, then-prime minister Sharif issued a public order to prosecute anyone posting blasphemous content online. The next month, Mashal Khan was accused of online blasphemy and beaten to death by fellow students and religious activists  as onlookers filmed the scene. Sharif said he was  shocked and saddened  by the  senseless display of mob justice . At least 67 people have been killed over unproven blasphemy allegations since 1990, according human rights groups. Mashal Khan s father, Iqbal, said his son was the victim of false rumors. The family has received death threats from right-wingers and Mashal s sisters had to drop out of school.  The snakes our country nurtured are now biting us,  the father said, two days before the Peshawar by-election, standing beside his son s gave strewn with flowers, lace and poetry.  Learning of the Labaik party s gains a few days later only made him more pessimistic about the government s ability to stop abuse of blasphemy accusations.  I know very well, I m not going to get my son back,  he said.  But this only adds to my pain.  ",1
16270,Equatorial Guinea leader's son found guilty of embezzlement by French court,"PARIS (Reuters) - Millions of euros of assets belonging to the son of Equatorial Guinea s president were ordered to be seized by a French court that found him guilty in absentia on Friday of using money plundered from his country to buy property and luxury cars. The Paris court found Teodorin Obiang, 48, guilty of embezzlement, and ordered the confiscation of more than 100 million euros worth of his French assets. Obiang denied the charges. Obiang, eldest son of President Teodoro Obiang and a vice president himself, was also handed a three-year suspended prison sentence and a suspended 30 million euros ($34.78 million) fine. The court president cited the slow response from parts of the French banking system in contributing to those penalties being suspended and hence more lenient. The case is the first of several to reach court in a broader judicial investigation into allegations of illicit acquisitions in France by long-time leaders and family relatives in several African countries including Gabon and Congo Republic. Obiang s luxury residence on Paris  Avenue Foch - a grand, sweeping road near the Arc de Triomphe often favoured by wealthy African expatriates and politicians - was among the assets scrutinised during the trial. The property, bought for 25 million euros in 2005, had 101 rooms, a gym, hair-dressing studio and disco with cinema screen. Paris prosecutor Jean-Yves Lourgouilloux said Obiang s  fraudulent spending  amounted to more than 150 million euros. The court was critical of Societe Generale, France s second biggest bank, and the Bank of France, deeming them complacent towards Obiang s finances and too slow to react. The role of the two banks was taken into account to justify the suspended sentences for Obiang, the court said.  The attitude of Societe Generale, similar to that of the Bank of France, may have led (Obiang) to think for a long period of time that there was, in France, some kind of tolerance for these practices,  Benedicte de Perthuis, the most senior judge sitting in the case, told the court. Societe Generale said it had not been a party in the trial and  therefore we don t have any particular comment to make . Officials at the Bank of France did not immediately respond to a request for comment.     Obiang was first put on trial in January but the case, 10 years in the works, was postponed after his lawyers argued they had not had enough time to prepare his defence. His father, President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo, has ruled Equatorial Guinea - a former Spanish colony - for more than three decades, making him one of Africa s longest-serving leaders, and rights groups have labelled his administration as one of the world s most corrupt.   ",1
16271,U.S. wants Pakistan to act quickly to show support in countering militants,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States wants Pakistan to move quickly to show good faith in supporting efforts to counter militants operating in Afghanistan and in bringing the Taliban to the negotiating table, the senior U.S. diplomat for South Asia said on Friday. Speaking after accompanying U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on a visit to the region, including Pakistan, Alice Wells said Washington looked forward to seeing practical steps from Pakistan  over the next few weeks and months.   The secretary stressed the importance of Pakistan moving quickly to demonstrate good faith and efforts to use its influence to create the conditions that will get the Taliban to the negotiating table,  Wells, the acting assistant secretary of state for South Asia, told reporters. Wells said Pakistan s long-standing relationships with militant organizations was a threat to its own stability and said the Taliban leadership and the allied Haqqani network still retained the ability to plan and recuperate and reside with their families in Pakistan. She said Washington wanted Pakistan to show the same commitment it had made to defeat militant groups domestically to those threatening Afghanistan or India.  It s up to them whether or not they want to work with us,  Wells said.  And if they don t ... then we ll adjust accordingly.  Wells declined to elaborate on what action the United States might take or what specific actions it wanted Pakistan to take. Relations between uneasy allies United States and Pakistan have frayed in recent years, with Washington repeatedly accusing Islamabad of helping Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network militants who stage attacks in Afghanistan. Pakistan denies doing so. U.S. President Donald Trump has vowed to get tough with Pakistan unless it changed its behavior, with U.S. officials threatening further reductions in aid and mooting targeted sanctions against Pakistani officials. On Monday, during a visit to Kabul, Tillerson urged Pakistan to act against safe havens on its soil.  Pakistan needs to, I think, take a clear-eyed view of the situation that they are confronted with in terms of the number of terrorist organizations that find safe haven inside of Pakistan,  he said. Pakistani officials bristle at the idea that the country is not doing enough against militants and say Pakistan has suffered more than 60,000 casualties in the war on terror since the Sept. 11 attacks in United States in 2001. ",1
16272,"Iraqi forces, Kurdish Peshmerga agree on ceasefire, Kurdistan says","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters reached an agreement on Friday to stop fighting in northern Iraq, the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said, although the status of any ceasefire remained unclear. A spokesman in Baghdad for the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State earlier said the deal covered all fronts in the conflict, which broke out after Kurdish authorities held an independence referendum last month in areas of northern Iraq. However, he later told Reuters that the truce had not been officially agreed, while an Iraqi military spokesman declined to comment. According to the KRG, which is based in the Kurdish autonomous region s capital of Erbil, the ceasefire entered effect at 1 am on Friday (2200 GMT Thursday).  The ceasefire is holding,  Vahal Ali, the director of KRG President Masoud Barzani s media office, told Reuters.  Diplomatic efforts are underway to set a date for talks to start between Erbil and Baghdad.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi urging for dialogue to start, the Iraqi central government said in a statement. Iraqi government forces, Iranian-backed militias and Kurdish troops fought alongside each other to defeat Islamic State, also called ISIS, but the alliance has faltered with the militants largely defeated in the country. Iraqi government forces and the Tehran-backed Popular Mobilisation launched a surprise offensive on Oct. 16 in retaliation to the Sept. 25 independence referendum organized by the KRG.  The offensive aims to capture disputed territories, claimed by both the KRG and the Iraqi central government, as well as border crossings and oil facilities. The city of Kirkuk, which lies in an oil producing area,  fell to Iraqi forces without much resistance on Oct. 16 but the Peshmerga began to fight back as they withdrew closer to the Kurdish autonomous region. The most violent clashes happened in the northwestern corner where Peshmerga are defending land crossings to Turkey and Syria and an oil hub that controls KRG crude exports, located in the region of Fish-Khabur. Speaking in Geneva on Thursday, Tillerson said he was  disappointed that the parties have been unable to reach an entirely peaceful resolution  and that he had encouraged Abadi to accept the KRG  overtures for talks on the basis of the Iraqi constitution .  Both parties are talking with one another, but it is not an official ceasefire,  U.S. Colonel Ryan Dillon, the spokesman of the U.S.-led coalition in Baghdad, told Reuters, correcting an earlier statement in which he said a ceasefire had been agreed, In an interview with Kurdish TV Rudaw, Dillon called on the two sides to extend the deal to a complete halt in hostility and  refocus our efforts on defeating ISIS .  We are encouraging dialogue, we are trying to get the tensions down,  he added. Abadi demanded on Thursday that the Kurds declare their referendum void, rejecting the KRG offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks.  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the Constitution,  he said in a statement during a visit to Tehran. The KRG proposed on Wednesday an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi Constitution . The fall of Kirkuk was a major blow to the Kurdish drive for independence championed by Barzani, as it halved the region s oil export revenue. ",1
16273,"Once again, Kenya delays election in some areas over risk of violence","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan authorities said on Friday they would indefinitely delay further attempts to hold a repeat presidential election in some areas due to the risk of violence, as the opposition rejected the re-run as  a sham  and said the polls should be canceled. The east African nation had been due to hold elections on Saturday in four western counties, after residents blocked roads and clashed with police on during an attempt to hold the polls there on Thursday. But those plans have been largely put on hold, the election board said.  Opposition leader Raila Odinga pulled out of the contest earlier this month, saying the contest against President Uhuru Kenyatta was not going to be fair.  He urged supporters not to take part in the vote and polling stations were unable to open in his strongholds in the west of the country on Thursday. In the rest of Kenya, most polling stations were able to open, but turnout was below 35 percent and there were clashes in Nairobi slums and in the coastal city of Mombasa.  Kenyatta has won over 97 percent of votes counted so far, according to a local media tally, but the poor turnout has damaged his second-term mandate. Pockets of violence continued on Friday, with police saying they shot dead one man, bringing to five the number of confirmed deaths since voting began on Thursday. All were killed in the west of the country, which supports the opposition. In the Nairobi slum of Kawangware, a Reuters witness saw nearly 100 youths armed with machetes in red T-shirts - the color of the ruling party - as a group of opposition supporters clashed with police. A large fire burned nearby.   It s only fire, everything is burned down, the fire is spreading more and more - my neighbors  homes, businesses are all burnt,  said a tearful Rosalind Njeri, 28.  The vote has exposed Kenya s deep political and ethnic divisions as violence flares and court cases drag on. It is being closely watched as Kenya is a regional trade and logistics hub and powerful security ally for Western nations. Kisumu election officials, who have had to cower behind locked doors while the popping sounds of tear gas and live gunfire echoed nearby, said they were very relieved not to have to try to open polling stations.   The (election board) officers in Nairobi were not taking consideration of our lives,  one said.  This is better.  Musalia Mudavadi, a senior opposition leader, had earlier accused authorities of  ethnic profiling  and having  militarised elections  as they beef up security ahead of the plan to hold voting in Homa Bay, Kisumu, Migori and Siaya counties on Saturday.      We advise the people not to walk into this trap of death,  he told reporters on Friday. Kenya s first election, in August, was annulled by the courts because of procedural irregularities, denying Kenyatta a simple victory over his political rival. Turnout in that election was 80 percent.         If the expected legal challenges fail to clear a path out of the crisis, including a possible order for another re-run, the result will be a protracted and economically damaging political stalemate between the Kenyatta and Odinga camps.  Unless the courts annul the election, Kenyatta will move forward without a clear mandate and Odinga will pursue a protest strategy whose chances of success in the circumstances are not very high,  International Crisis Group analyst Murithi Mutiga said. The division was neatly captured in local media, with the Standard, a leading tabloid, headlining its front page:  One Kenya, two faces.  The election commission said more than one in 10 polling stations failed to open due to  security challenges . Its chairman, Wafula Chebukati, tweeted overnight that 6.55 million ballots had been cast - just 34.5 percent of registered voters. A tally of results announced at the constituency level compiled by the Nation media group showed Kenyatta had won over 96 percent of the vote with 200 of 292 constituencies announced. Figures released by the election commission showed turnout in Kenyatta s Rift Valley and Central region strongholds was similar to levels seen in August. However, the boycott call was heeded by voters on the coast, which is far from his western homeland and saw little violence but has overwhelmingly supported Odinga in previous polls. Around 50 people have been killed, mostly by security forces, since the original Aug. 8 vote, raising fears of sustained violence only a decade after 1,200 people were killed in serious ethnic fighting triggered by another disputed vote. (For a graphic on 'Map of election-related deaths immediately following the Aug. 8 polls' click tmsnrt.rs/2lajbuV) (For a graphic on 'A timeline of political events' click tmsnrt.rs/2lblWfn) (For a graphic on 'Chart of results showing official results from last three elections' click tmsnrt.rs/2hVLgV3) (For a graphic on 'Kenya's presidential election re-run' click tmsnrt.rs/2fbG3Yg)  ",1
16274,Britain says will not recognize Catalonian declaration of independence,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government said on Friday it would not recognize Catalonia s declaration of independence from Spain.  The UK does not and will not recognize the Unilateral Declaration of Independence made by the Catalan regional parliament,  Prime Minister Theresa May s office said in a statement.  It is based on a vote that was declared illegal by the Spanish courts,  the statement said.  We continue to want to see the rule of law upheld, the Spanish Constitution respected, and Spanish unity preserved.  ",1
16275,France's Macron expresses full support to Spanish PM over Catalonia crisis,"CAYENNE (Reuters) - French president Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that he was fully supportive of Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, regarding the crisis taking place in Catalonia. The Spanish government moved to impose direct rule over Catalonia, stripping the region of its autonomy less than an hour after its parliament declared independence in a stunning show of defiance.  I have always said that I have one interlocutor in Spain, it is Prime Minister Rajoy,  Macron told journalists on the sidelines of a visit to French Guiana.  There is a rule of law in Spain with constitutional rules. Mariano Rajoy wants these rules to be respected and he has my full support,  Macron added. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, who was accompanying Macron, also said it was important to avoid any splits and  fractures  in the European Union bloc.  I do not want a situation where, tomorrow, the European Union is made up of 95 different states. We need to avoid splits, because we already have enough splits and fractures and we do not need any more,  said Juncker. The president of the European Council, Donald Tusk, also voiced support to Rajoy earlier on Friday. ",1
16276,Spain's constitutional court starts review of Catalan independence vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s constitutional court on Friday said it had started a review of the vote held in Catalonia s parliament to declare independence from Spain. The state prosecutor and other parties have three days to make allegations, the court said. ",1
16277,Ukrainian lawmaker blames Russia for deadly Kiev blast,"KIEV (Reuters) - A Ukrainian lawmaker wounded in an explosion in Kiev that killed two people blamed Russia on Thursday for the blast while investigators said they were considering various motives for what they called an act of terrorism. Ihor Mosiychuk, a member of the populist opposition Radical Party, was hospitalized but did not suffer life-threatening injuries, while his bodyguard and a passerby were killed. Two others were wounded. Since fighting with pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine broke out in 2014, the number of incidents involving explosives outside the conflict zone has increased. There has been a spate of vehicle bombings over the past 18 months in Kiev, the capital, and elsewhere, but investigators have failed to find those responsible.  Ukraine s state security service (SBU) said that unknown perpetrators had rigged a motorcycle with explosives on Wednesday that detonated as the lawmaker left a TV station. Radical party leader Oleg Lyashko said he had no doubt the incident was politically motivated, while Mosiychuk blamed Russia.  I believe that the initiators are in Moscow, the executors are in Kiev,  Mosiychuk said on Facebook. Russian involvement is one of the possible motives being investigated, deputy Kiev prosecutor Pavlo Kononenko told journalists.  Another explanation is Mosiychuk s political activity, his public position within our country,  he said.  A third explanation is an attempt on Mosiychuk s life for personal reasons.  The Kremlin dismissed the accusations as a product of anti-Russian sentiment.  Beyond all doubt, these are new signs of this anti-Russian campaign which has unfortunately swept across Ukraine and Kiev,  Russian President Vladimir Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a conference call with reporters. Relations between Kiev and Moscow collapsed in 2014 after Russia seized Ukraine s Crimea peninsula and backed a pro-Russian separatist insurgency in eastern Ukrainian regions.      Radical Party lawmaker Evhen Deidei posted photos on his Facebook page from the scene of Wednesday s attack which showed the burnt-out shell of a motorcycle in front of a damaged vehicle.   Judging by the damage to the car and the shrapnel holes in the doors, the power of the explosion was pretty strong,  he said.  There is a lot of blood on the stairs, where Ihor was situated at the time of the explosion.  The interior ministry s Shkiryak said political analyst Vitaliy Bala was one of the three wounded in the blast. In June, a colonel in Ukraine s military intelligence was killed by a car bomb in central Kiev. In 2016 a prominent investigative journalist, Pavel Sheremet, was killed by an explosive device in his car.   ",1
16278,Germany refuses to recognize Catalonia independence move,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said on Friday it supported the Spanish government in its dispute with separatists in Catalonia and would not recognize an independence vote by the Catalan parliament. Government spokesman Steffen Seibert said Berlin viewed the escalation of the situation with concern, noting that the unilateral declaration of independence violated the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity of Spain. The Spanish government on Friday moved to impose direct rule over Catalonia, stripping the region of its autonomy less than an hour after its parliament declared independence.   The German government does not recognize such a declaration of independence,  he said, adding that Berlin supported the  clear position  of Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in his bid to restore calm and order.  We hope that all involved will use the remaining possibilities for dialogue and de-escalation,  he added. ",1
16279,Hopes fade for 8 Russians missing in Arctic helicopter accident,"OSLO (Reuters) - Hopes of finding survivors from a Russian helicopter which disappeared off the coast of the Arctic Svalbard archipelago faded on Friday as Norwegian rescuers searched in vain for a second day in ice-cold waters. Eight Russian men - five crew and three passengers - were listed as missing by Norway s rescue coordination center, while the location of the Russian-made Mil Mi-8 aircraft remained unknown more than 24 hours after it disappeared. The helicopter was on its way from the abandoned Pyramiden settlement to the coal mining port of Barentsburg where the Russian coal company Arktikugol runs a mine employing Russian and Ukrainian miners.  The assumption is that the helicopter has crashed during the approach two kms north of Kapp Heer,  the Accident Investigation Board said in a statement, referring to the local helicopter base. Snowy weather and high waves were complicating efforts in a region that has almost no daylight at this time of the year, while the air temperature was around minus three degrees Celsius (27 degrees Farenheit). A search using a small, remotely-operated submarine, yielded no sign of the helicopter, the rescue coordinators said, dashing earlier hopes that a submerged wreckage had been located. A somewhat bigger submarine will be flown in and is expected to be operational on Saturday, the rescue center said.  We re still conducting a search and rescue operation. We ve not moved to a recovery phase, and won t do so until the new submarine has completed its search  a spokesman for the Norwegian coordinator said. Located around 700 kms (435 miles) north of the European mainland, Svalbard is governed under a treaty that grants NATO-member Norway sovereignty while allowing other signatories to do business and exploit natural resources. More than 40 countries are parties to the treaty. Moscow has maintained a presence on the islands for decades as a strategic foothold in the high north. ",1
16280,NATO says Catalonia issue domestic matter to be resolved by Spain,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spain remains an important NATO ally and Catalonia is a domestic issue that should be resolved by the Spanish institutional framework, a NATO official said on Friday. Asked about the Catalan parliament s declaration of independence, a NATO official said:  Spain is a committed ally, which makes important contributions to our shared security. The Catalonia issue is a domestic matter which should be resolved within Spain s constitutional order.  ",1
16281,Plans to hold delayed Kenya vote postponed in some counties,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election commission on Friday postponed plans to hold delayed elections in some constituencies in western Kenya where voting has not taken place yet, saying persistent insecurity made it too dangerous for staff. Wafula Chebukati, chairman of the election commission, said the postponement would affect dozens of constituencies in Kisumu, Migori, Siaya and Homa Bay counties. Voting was due to take place on Saturday after polls failed to open on Thursday due to protests by opposition supporters.  ",1
16282,U.S. backs Spanish efforts to block break-away by Catalonia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department, reacting to Spanish efforts to block a Catalan independence bid, said on Friday that Catalonia is an integral part of Spain and Washington backs Madrid s efforts to keep the country united.  Catalonia is an integral part of Spain, and the United States supports the Spanish government s constitutional measures to keep Spain strong and united,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. ",1
16283,"Catalan independence declaration changes nothing for EU, says Tusk","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Catalan parliament s declaration of independence has changed nothing and the European Union will only deal with the central government in Madrid, the president of the European Council Donald Tusk said on Friday. Catalonia s parliament declared independence from Spain in defiance of the Madrid government, which at the same time was preparing to impose direct rule over the region.  For EU nothing changes. Spain remains our only interlocutor,  Tusk said on Twitter. Tusk also urged Spain to favor  force of argument, not argument of force.  ",1
16284,Burundi takes steps to extend president's rule as crisis deepens,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi s cabinet backed a constitutional change that would allow its president to stay in office until 2034, widening a political rift that has driven the country progressively deeper into crisis. Under existing laws, Burundian presidents are limited to two five-year terms. Unrest that has gripped Burundi since April 2015, when Pierre Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third, has killed hundreds, left the economy moribund and forced about 400,000 people to seek safety in neighboring countries. UN rights investigators and independent activists have accused government forces of widespread violations including forced disappearances, and of orchestrating a campaign of terror.  A senior government official told Reuters on Friday that the cabinet adopted the draft legislation seeking to amend the constitution on Tuesday. Nkurunziza, who has been in office since 2005, won re-election in July 2015 in a ballot that critics said violated the constitution and the terms of an agreement that ended a previous rebellion.  Nkurunziza s backers said the country s constitutional court had cleared him to run again, but some opponents took up arms against his rule and insecurity has plagued the country since.  Other African leaders have in the recent past also tinkered with or defied their constitutions to extend their rule, including Uganda s President Yoweri Museveni, Rwanda s Paul Kagame and Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila. Proposed amendments under the Burundian bill seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen presidential terms to seven years. Incumbents would be able to serve two consecutive terms of seven years each and also be eligible to seek re-election after an interregnum. If the amendment was passed by parliament,  the current head of state can rule until 2034,  the source said. A second official told Reuters the government would hold a referendum on the draft legislation next year, but did not say which month. Opposition officials have criticized the legislation which they say was initiated in secrecy and designed to entrench Nkurunziza in power.   No one knew what was being done. It was done in total secrecy...we will always oppose it,  deputy president of the opposition FRODEBU party, Leonce Ngendakumana, told Reuters.  The constitution should not be revised in a tense social climate.   ",1
16285,U.N. special envoy urges Poland to open up debate on judicial reform,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s political establishment must open up negotiations on proposals to reform the country s courts to avoid further damage to the country s judicial system, a United Nations envoy urged on Friday. Secrecy surrounding the proposals, if not dispelled, could do lasting harm to Poland s court system, said Diego Garcia-Sayan, a UN special rapporteur on the independence of the judiciary. The proposed changes  risk hampering the capacity of judicial authorities to ensure checks and balances and protect and promote human rights,  Garcia-Sayan said at a briefing after a four-day mission to Warsaw. Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party is embroiled in a confrontation with President Andrzej Duda over reforming the court system. The standoff began in July, when the president, a PiS ally, unexpectedly vetoed bills that would have changed the makeup of the Supreme Court and how judges are chosen. PiS says the judicial system needs to be reformed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist-era mentality. But critics of the plans say they are part of a drive toward authoritarianism.  Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of PiS and Poland s paramount politician, has since met privately with Duda four times for talks on the reforms. Details of those meetings have been kept secret, and it is not known whether a consensus is in sight. Garcia-Sayan said it was difficult to understand how in a democracy work on major legal reforms could take place behind closed doors.  It s not a technicality that s being discussed, but a major thing that will have to do with justice, checks and balances, and so on,  he said.  So, a major suggestion is, please, open political, substantial dialogue.  He added that the judiciary reform that PiS has been pushing  since coming to power in late 2015 has been presented as a cure, but  appears to be worse than the disease affecting the Polish judiciary.   Garcia-Sayan s comments were  not supported by facts  and were  harmful for Poland and the Polish people , Rafal Bochenek, a government spokesman, told Poland s state news agency, PAP.  ",1
16286,Islamic State shores up last stronghold on Syria-Iraq border,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State is building up its defenses in a pocket of territory on the Syrian-Iraqi frontier, the U.S.-led coalition said on Friday, in an anticipation of assaults by Syrian and Iraqi forces aiming to snuff out the jihadists  last stronghold.     Iraq launched an offensive on Thursday to capture the last Iraqi territory held by Islamic State, the areas of Rawa and al-Qaim, a town just over the border from the Syrian town of Albu Kamal, which is also held by the jihadists.  Right now, we are seeing the buildup of (IS) defenses in both al-Qaim and in Albu Kamal,  Colonel Ryan Dillon told Reuters by phone, adding that Islamic State s leadership had shifted to Albu Kamal from towns deeper into Syria. Albu Kamal is in the crosshairs of both the U.S.-led coalition and the Syrian government and its Iranian-backed militia allies. Pro-Damascus forces, who are also backed by the Russian air force, said on Thursday they would march on the town  having driven IS out of a base some 70 km (40 miles) away. Dillon said Albu Kamal was  definitely  a target for the coalition but said it would be up to the leadership of the coalition s Syrian allies, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), to take the decision on a ground assault. The SDF s priority for now was to shore up its control over the al-Omar oil field, Syria s largest, which was captured from IS on Sunday, he said.  Right now, we have to consolidate that area in and around Omar oilfield and the area that led up to it to make sure that that area is secure, and then it ll be the SDF leadership decision if they can allocate the right resource to adequately push into Albu Kamal,  he said. Assisted by the coalition, the SDF is fighting IS on the eastern banks of the Euphrates, whereas the Syrian army and its allies, supported by Russian air power, is largely fighting on the western banks of the river. Dillon said IS fighters were now  much different fighters  from the ones the U.S.-led coalition fought leading up to the battle for Mosul, the Iraqi city recaptured from IS in June.  We have not seen this fight to the death that we saw in Mosul, and I think it is attributed much to their morale,  he said. ",1
16287,Catalan independence group calls for 'peaceful resistance' to Madrid,"MADRID (Reuters) - The main secessionist group in Catalonia, the Catalan National Assembly (ANC), on Friday called on civil servants not to follow orders from the Spanish government after Madrid authorized direct rule over the region. Following a declaration of independence in Catalonia the upper house of Spain s parliament authorized the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to rule Catalonia directly from Madrid. The ANC called on Catalan civil servants to respond with  peaceful resistance . ",1
16288,Spanish government to meet at 1600 GMT on Catalonia,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government will hold a special cabinet meeting at 6 p.m. local time (1600 GMT) to enforce direct rule over Catalonia, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Friday, after the region declared independence from Spain.  Spain is a serious country and a great nation and we will not tolerate that a few people try liquidate our constitution,  Rajoy told journalists after the upper house of parliament allowed him to take control of Catalonia. ",1
16289,U.N. discussing resolution after Syrian government blamed for sarin attack,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is discussing a resolution to impose accountability after a report blamed the Syrian government for a sarin attack that killed dozens of people in April, the British ambassador to the U.N. said on Friday. ",1
16290,UK PM May appoints new Brexit representative in upper house,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May appointed on Friday a former member of the European Parliament to represent her government on Brexit in parliament s upper chamber following the resignation of the incumbent on medical grounds. The Brexit department announced Martin Callanan had been appointed Minister of State at the Department for Exiting the European Union, replacing Joyce Anelay who had held the role since June this year.  I m delighted to welcome Lord Callanan to the Department   he brings with him a wealth of experience in Brussels and a proven ability in political leadership,  said Brexit minister David Davis. Callanan will have a key role in marshalling Brexit legislation through the unelected upper chamber, in which May s Conservative Party does not have a majority. He had previously spent 15 years as an MEP and also worked in the transport department. In a resignation letter to May, Anelay said the worsening of an injury she sustained in 2015 had forced her decision to resign. She praised the work of the government in preparing for Brexit and said she was certain the negotiations would be successful.  ",1
16291,Spanish parliament approves direct rule over Catalonia,"MADRID (Reuters) - The upper house of Spain s parliament on Friday authorized the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to rule Catalonia directly from Madrid, minutes after the restive region declared independence from Spain. Rajoy is now expected to convene his cabinet to adopt the first measures to govern Catalonia. This could include firing the Barcelona government and assuming direct supervision of Catalan police forces. ",1
16292,South African farmers jailed for forcing black man into coffin,"MIDDELBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - Two white South African farmers who were filmed pushed a wailing black man into a coffin were sentenced to jail on Friday for attempted murder, assault and kidnapping. The 20-second video, widely circulated on social media last year, shows the victim, Victor Mlotshwa, cowering inside a coffin as one man pushes the lid down and the other threatens to put petrol and a snake inside. The defendants - Theo Jackson, sentenced to 14 years, and Willem Oosthuizen, sentenced to 11 years - had pleaded not guilty. They said they had caught Mlotshwa trespassing on their farm in possession of stolen copper cables. The case, heard at a court in Middelburg, about 160 km (100 miles) east of the capital, Pretoria, has caused outrage in a country where deep racial divides persist 23 years after the end of apartheid. When she handed down the sentences, Judge Segopotje Mphahlele said she was appalled that the accused had put Mlotshwa into a coffin.  The evidence before court indicates that the seriousness of the offence far outweighs the mitigating factors and the personal factors of the offenders,  she said.  The conduct of the accused fueled social division and racial tension.      The defense immediately requested that it be allowed to appeal the sentence, but Mphahlele dismissed their application. The defense then said it would lodge their appeal directly to the Supreme Court of Appeal, saying that the sentence was too harsh, since no one had been killed. South Africa s Justice Minister Michael Masutha said the sentence could serve as a deterrent to others.  South Africa is no longer prepared to treat racism with kid gloves and we are ready to act,  Justice Minister Michael Masutha said in an interview with eNCA. A large crowd formed outside the packed courtroom. The police presence around the court was heavy.  What they did was painful to us,  Qgoga Mnyamezeli said outside the court. Hundreds of members of the country s main political parties, including the ruling African National Congress and the main opposition Democratic Alliance party, gathered outside carrying placards, some which said  Black Lives Matter! , and shouting slogans in support of Mlotshwa. Black people make up 80 percent of South Africa s 54 million population, but most its wealth remains in the hands of whites, who account for about 8 percent of the population. ",1
16293,Catalan parliament declares independence from Spain,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s regional parliament declared independence from Spain on Friday in a disputed vote that is now likely to be declared illegal by Spain s constitutional court. The independence motion was passed in the 135-strong assembly with 70 votes in favor, 10 against and 2 blank ballots, the assembly s speaker said. Lawmakers from the Socialist Party, the People s Party (PP) and Ciudadanos had left the chamber before the vote in protest. ",1
16294,EU Commission has no new comment on Catalonia after declaration of independence from Spain,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Friday it had no fresh comment on Catalonia after the region s parliament declared independence from Spain.  We have nothing to add to what we said at (the regular) midday (briefing for journalists,  Commission spokeswoman Mina Andreeva said. At the briefing, she referred reporters to earlier comments by Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, who has repeatedly said that the debate on Catalonia s independence was an internal Spanish issue. ",1
16295,"Out of Russian custody, Tatar leaders vow to return to Crimea","KIEV (Reuters) - Two Crimean Tatar activists released from Russian custody this week said on Friday they would travel back to the annexed peninsula and campaign for the freedom of other political prisoners and the return of Crimea to Ukraine. The Tatars, a mainly Muslim Turkic minority in Crimea, have largely opposed Russian rule since the 2014 annexation. Moscow has been accused of violating the rights of the community, 50 of whose members are still imprisoned on political grounds, according to the Kiev authorities.  Ilmi Umerov, deputy head of the Crimean Tatars  semi-official Mejlis legislature, and fellow Tatar leader Ahtem Chiygoz, were released unexpectedly on Wednesday.  Whether they allow me or not, I will go home without fail,  Umerov told journalists after flying back to Kiev.  I m sure that if things continue like this then the topic of Crimea will not drop out of the newspaper pages and the process will continue of freeing people, gradually de-occupying Crimea and restoring Ukraine s territorial integrity,  he said. Umerov, who had been sentenced to two years in Russian prison for separatism, credited international pressure on the Kremlin for his early release.  Earlier, they had flown to Turkey to meet Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, whom Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has thanked for helping free the pair.  Umerov s supporters said at the time that the two-year jail term handed to him actually amounted to a death penalty since he suffers from Parkinson s disease. Russian officials denied the prosecutions were politically-motivated. Chiygoz said their release did not feel like a return to freedom.  Because a release would be the liberation of my people, my land, my homeland, my country,  he said. According to a U.N. human rights report, Russia is committing  grave  human rights violations in Crimea, including by imposing Russian citizenship and deporting prisoners. Russia seized Crimea in the wake of a pro-European uprising in Kiev that ousted a Moscow-backed president. It replaced Ukrainian laws with Russian laws on the peninsula, but its annexation has never been internationally recognized. Crimean Tatars are traditionally pro-Ukrainian, as they suffered mass deportation to Central Asia under Soviet dictator Josef Stalin. Since the annexation, they have been subjected to intimidation, house searches and arbitrary detention, rights groups say. Moscow says the overwhelming majority of Crimeans voted to join Russia in a proper and fair referendum. ",1
16296,"Spain's Rajoy calls for calm, says rule of law will be restored in Catalonia","MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Friday called for calm in a tweet posted minutes after the Catalan regional parliament declared independence from the rest of the country in a disputed vote that will likely be declared illegal.  I ask for calm from all Spaniards. The rule of law will restore legality in Catalonia,  Rajoy wrote. ",1
16297,Britain sets Monday as latest deadline for Northern Ireland political talks,"BELFAST (Reuters) - Britain will have to bring in legislation to set a budget for Northern Ireland if the province s political parties cannot reach an agreement to restore their power-sharing government by Monday, a British government spokesman said. Northern Ireland has been without a regional administration since its collapse in January, raising the prospect of direct rule being reimposed from London, potentially destabilizing a delicate political balance in the British province. The British minister for the region, James Brokenshire, said last week that talks had stalled with the Irish nationalist Sinn Fein party and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) stuck over the rights of Irish language speakers.   If a deal is struck by Monday, Brokenshire would return to London to begin the processes required to form a new Northern Ireland Executive, the spokesman added. However, if a budget is imposed by London, it would be the closest Northern Ireland has come to a return to direct rule in a decade. Brokenshire has warned the parties that they are on  a glide path to greater and greater UK government intervention . The DUP and Sinn Fein shared power in the previous devolved administration under a system created following a peace deal which ended three decades of violence in the province. The head of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP), one of the region s smaller parties, has said that handing over budgetary responsibility to London effectively constitutes direct rule and  cannot be painted any other way . Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said a new phase of talks would begin if an agreement could not be struck by Monday.  If there is no deal done by the time the British minister brings forward a budget, that will signify that this phase of the talks - and there will obviously have to be other phases - has been exhausted,  Adams told Irish national broadcaster RTE. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney, who is co-facilitating the talks with Brokenshire, has said reverting to direct rule would be a  devastating  blow for reconciliation in the region. Coveney has also urged the parties to reach a deal so that Northern Ireland can have a greater say in Britain s talks to leave the European Union, set to have a bigger impact on the province than on any other part of the United Kingdom.     ",1
16298,Hamas says its security chief wounded in Gaza car bombing,"GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas  security chief in the Gaza Strip was wounded in a car bombing on Friday in what the Islamist group called a failed assassination attempt. The attack came as rival factions are trying to implement a new agreement meant to end a 10-year rift that has effectively split the Palestinian territories between Hamas in Gaza and the more mainstream Fatah in the occupied West Bank. Tawfeeq Abu Naeem, Hamas  head of security in Gaza and a strong supporter of the reconciliation deal, was lightly wounded when his car exploded outside a mosque, Hamas said in a statement. Hamas, which has been quick to blame Israel for similar attacks in the past, did not say who it believed was behind the bombing, suggesting it could also be the work of a radical jihadist Salafi group that opposes the Palestinian rapprochement. Asked about the explosion in Gaza, Israel s military said it did not comment on foreign reports. Hamas has stepped up a security campaign against Salafi groups and recently detained a senior operative. Hamas also has improved ties with Egypt, which is battling Islamist groups across the border in the Sinai peninsula. Some disputes arose this week in implementing the reconciliation deal. Senior Fatah officials traveled to Gaza this week from the West Bank to take control of two government offices there, but they turned back, saying Hamas officials refused their authority. A Fatah spokesman later said the issue was being resolved. ",1
16299,"Putin, as part of test, oversees launch of four nuclear-capable missiles: Ifax","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin has personally overseen the launch of four nuclear-capable ballistic missiles as part of a training exercise for Russia s strategic nuclear forces, the Kremlin said on Friday, the Interfax news agency reported.  The test launches, conducted on Thursday, involved land, air, and submarine-based ballistic missiles, Russia s defense ministry said in a separate statement.   The ministry said a Topol intercontinental ballistic missile had been test fired from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in northern Russia, hitting a target at the Kura military testing range on the Kamchatka Peninsula thousands of kilometers (miles) away. ",1
16300,"Leave the past behind, Bulgarian PM tells Balkan leaders","SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Western Balkan countries aspiring to join the European Union should leave the past behind and solve their mutual problems first, Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov said on Friday. The EU won t do it for them, he said. Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia are official candidates for EU membership while Bosnia and Kosovo are seeking the same status. But past rivalries are still hurting relations between some of the countries which were embroiled in the Balkan wars of the 1990s. Borissov said that Bulgaria, Austria and Romania, the three countries which will chair the EU presidency over the next two years, were ready to support the accession of these countries into the wealthy bloc but a key for the progress was compromise by their political elites.  Nobody can help unless we realize that the past needs to remain in the past and that we need to move forward,  Borissov said at a news conference during an official visit to Sarajevo.  Unresolved matters must be resolved today along with all political sacrifices that need to be made.   This cannot be solved by Europe, which has its problems and fears,  Borissov said.  The pace of Serbia s integration into the 27-member bloc was made conditional on the progress of a dialogue with its former province of Kosovo, which declared independence in 2008.  In Bosnia, inter-ethnic tensions have risen after Bosnian Serbs and Bosnian Croats had revived aspirations for greater territorial autonomies within the country they share with Muslim Bosniaks, relying on their wartime allies Serbia and Croatia. Borissov said that  radical Islam is a problem  but that his Bosnian counterpart Denis Zvizic has assured him that Bosnia was not under the threat of radicalized Muslims.  Islam in Bosnia is certainly one of most tolerant forms of Islam practised in the world and any kind of radicalization has not and will not be allowed,  Zvizdic said at the same news conference. In September, the EU confirmed its pledge for a credible enlargement perspective for the region, which it sees as important for issues from controlling immigration to countering security threats ranging from alleged interference of Russia to radical Islam. [ID: L5N1LU2GX] ",1
16301,Zimbabwe's opposition leader Tsvangirai back in South African hospital,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is back in a South African hospital for a medical review, nearly two weeks after he returned home from that country, his spokesman said on Friday, denying reports that he was critically ill. Tsvangirai, who suffered severe vomiting after a party meeting and was in September airlifted to a Johannesburg hospital where he spent nearly a month receiving treatment and recuperating. He returned to Zimbabwe on Oct. 13 but has not been seen in public since.  He came back knowing full well he would return for a review and he went for the review as scheduled,  Luke Tamborinyoka, Tsvangirai s spokesman said.  He could not say when he expected Tsvangirai back.     Tsvangirai s illness has divided the opposition, with some senior party officials saying the former trade unionist should consider stepping down to make way for a younger and fit leader. Tsvangirai, 65, declared last year that he was receiving treatment for colon cancer. Despite the illness, he is leading an opposition alliance to challenge 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe in elections next year. ",1
16302,Catalan parliament votes to start 'constituent process' to split from Spain,"MADRID (Reuters) - The regional parliament of Catalonia on Friday voted a motion to begin a  constituent process  to split from Spain shortly before beginning a secret vote on whether or not to declare independence from the rest of the country. Lawmakers from the Socialist Party, the People s Party (PP) and Ciudadanos left the chamber before the vote in protest, leaving just the pro-independence groups Junts pel Si, CUP and the Podemos-associated Catalunya Si Que Es Pot to cast a ballot. ",1
16303,Brexit drives Belgium to set up English-language commerce court,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium will set up an English-language commercial court to deal with disputes between international companies to make the most of Britain s plan to leave the European Union. The Brussels International Business Court (BIBC) will seek to take on cases that are so far handled by British courts or international arbitration tribunals, the Belgian government said on Friday. Cases in Belgium s regular courts are heard in French or Dutch. The government said the demand for arbitration was likely to grow because of Brexit.  The same Brexit means moreover that going to a court in London might not be an appropriate option,  it said, without giving a date for the start of the English-language hearings. BIBC will be presided over by sector specialists and parties will have to agree in advance to let the court settle their differences. They will not be able to appeal against the decisions.  The development of the European Union cannot be slowed down by Brexit. Our country uses this opportunity to offer a new judicial instrument,  Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said in a statement. Some companies, such as Lloyd s of London, the world s largest specialty insurance market, have already picked Brussels as their European base in order to retain access to the EU market after Britain leaves the bloc in 2019. ",1
16304,Hungary's Jobbik supports EU deepening with voters' blessing,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s main opposition Jobbik party could support deeper European integration, its chairman said on Friday, in a shift apparently aimed at bringing the far-right group closer to the political mainstream. Jobbik, which used to burn EU flags and was widely accused of racism and anti-Semitism, has tried over the past few years to convince voters it has become a more moderate conservative party that supports democratic institutions and civil rights. Chairman Gabor Vona told foreign journalists Jobbik does not want a two-speed EU, in which some member states would enjoy a lesser level of cooperation than others. Instead, it favored waiting until Europe s integration plans became clearer and then holding referendums across the EU to see which countries want to stay in. He also said Jobbik would be willing to join the euro zone as fast as economically sensible, which he called an economic issue, rather than a political one. Jobbik is a distant second behind the ruling Fidesz party in opinion polls ahead of elections due in April 2018, but it says poll results might be misleading with many voters hiding their preferences. Its policy proposals have often been echoed by Fidesz, which is also a right-wing party with strong anti-immigration views, but which has been seen as closer to the European conservative mainstream than more explicitly nationalist Jobbik. Vona said Europe was likely to transform in the next few years. Countries should wait for the bloc s trajectory to become clearer, and then all EU states should hold referendums on whether to remain members.  A referendum about membership would be legitimate but not now,  he said.  What would we vote about? The Juncker plan? The Merkel plan? The Macron plan? We have no idea what the EU means at this moment. We should clarify this together first.   Once we have that we should ask everywhere, not only in Hungary, whether people want whatever Brussels leaders cooked up or not.  Hungarians have warmed considerably to the EU in recent months. According to Eurobarometer, 56 percent of them now say EU membership is a  good thing , up 8 percentage points since March. That is the steepest rise in the EU. Vona said Hungary should join the euro currency as soon as possible, once public debt and competitiveness are appropriate. Ostracised in Brussels even by other far-right groups, Jobbik says it seeks to transcend traditional left-right political divisions and find new allies in the European Parliament after elections to the body in 2019.  We would be happy to see... a regional alliance of central European politicians who can look past left and right and embody common Eastern issues,  he said. ",1
16305,"Ahead of Trump trip, China urges U.S. not to allow Taiwan president in","BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China urged the United States on Friday not to allow Taiwan s president to travel through U.S. territory en route to the island s diplomatic allies in the Pacific, a sensitive visit shortly ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s trip to Beijing.  China considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province ineligible for state-to-state relations and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control.  China regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States, and Beijing always complains to Washington about transit stops by Taiwanese presidents. President Tsai Ing-wen leaves on Saturday on a weeklong trip to three Pacific island allies - Tuvalu, the Solomon Islands and the Marshall Islands - via Honolulu and Guam. In a statement on Friday, a Taiwanese government spokesman said Tsai s trip was aimed at strengthening ties with friendly nations and also to provide support for the island s frontline diplomats. It said Taiwan was grateful to the United States for helping to arrange the stopovers  in accordance with comfort, safety, convenience and dignity principles.  Grace Choi, the State Department spokeswoman for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, said Tsai would transit Hawaii Oct. 27-29 and Guam Nov. 3-4. Choi said Tsai s transits would be  private and unofficial  and were based on long-standing U.S. practice consistent with  our unofficial relations with Taiwan.  She noted the transits were out of consideration for the safety and convenience of the traveler and there was  no change to the U.S. one-China policy.  Ambassador James Moriarty, chairman of the American Institute in Taiwan, the organization that carries out unofficial U.S. relations with Taiwan, will greet Tsai in Hawaii and Guam, Choi said. Trump is due to visit China in less than two weeks. He angered Beijing last December by taking a telephone call from Tsai shortly after he won the presidential election. China has made  stern representations  to the United States over the matter, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, urging the United States to strictly abide by the  one China  policy.   China hopes the United States does not allow Tsai  to transit, not send any wrong signals to Taiwan independence forces and take real actions to protect the overall picture of China-U.S. relations and peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait , Geng told a news briefing. The trip to the United States will be Tsai s second this year. In January she stopped over in Houston and San Francisco on her way to and from Latin America, visiting the headquarters of micro-messaging service Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), which is blocked in China, while in California. In Houston, she met Republican U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott. She also spoke by telephone with U.S. Senator John McCain, head of the powerful Senate Committee on Armed Services.      China suspects Tsai wants to push for the formal independence of Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. China has pressured Taiwan since Tsai took office last year, suspending a regular dialogue mechanism and slowly peeling away its few remaining diplomatic allies. Just 20 countries now maintain formal ties with Taiwan, instead of China, mostly small states in Central America, the Caribbean and the Pacific. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island s main source of arms. Tsai s call with Trump was the first between U.S. and  Taiwan leaders since President Jimmy Carter switched diplomatic recognition to China from Taiwan in 1979. ",1
16306,Vietnam dissident's daughter calls on Melania Trump for help,"(Reuters) - The 10-year-old daughter of a jailed Vietnamese blogger,  Mother Mushroom , has appealed to U.S. First Lady Melania Trump to help win her mother s release ahead of President Donald Trump s visit to Vietnam next month. The handwritten letter, posted on Facebook on Thursday, drew attention to Vietnam s biggest crackdown on dissidents in years before the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in November. Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, 37, known as  Me Nam  (Mother Mushroom), is one of Vietnam s most prominent activists. She was jailed for 10 years in June for publishing anti-state reports, including one about deaths in police custody. Her daughter Nguyen Bao Nguyen, nicknamed  Mushroom , referred to Trump s upcoming visit to Vietnam and the  International Women of Courage Award  awarded by the First Lady to Quynh in March, which drew an angry response from Hanoi.  Please help my family re-unite because I know my mother did nothing wrong,  Nguyen wrote in the letter, published on Quynh s mother s Facebook Page.  We love our mother so much and just want her to come back to us,  said Nguyen, who turns 11 on Saturday. Vietnam s government did not immediately respond to a request to comment.  The United States has advocated for Ms. Quynh s release, and the release of all prisoners of conscience, multiple times with high-level Vietnamese officials in the run-up to the President s visit to Vietnam   including in recent days and weeks,  U.S. Ambassador Ted Osius told Reuters.  Despite sweeping economic reform and increasing openness to social change, media censorship remains tight in Vietnam and criticism of the Communist state is not tolerated. At least 17 dissidents have been arrested this year in a crackdown that followed changes within the ruling party hierarchy and a growing number of environmental protests. Vietnam has carried out a simultaneous crackdown on corruption. Trump is set to attend the APEC forum in the seaside resort of Danang, besides making an official visit to Vietnam.  International donors and trade partners need to step up pressure on the country s leaders to improve its abysmal rights record, and the APEC summit is a good moment to start,  said Brad Adams, Asia director of Human Rights Watch. Quynh s mother, Nguyen Tuyet Lan, is now looking after Nguyen and her four-year-old brother  Bear . She told Reuters:  My daughter did nothing wrong; just consider what she did as constructive criticism for society.  ",1
16307,Czech election winner Babis warms to minority government,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The anti-establishment ANO party that won the Czech parliamentary election may form a minority government if other parties remain opposed to forming a coalition, ANO chief Andrej Babis said on Friday. The ANO won 29.6 percent in last weekend s vote, nearly three times as much as the runner-up centre-right Civic Democrats, but fell short of a majority in parliament, a fractious chamber of nine parties. ANO s stance against immigration and corruption in mainstream parties, pledges to bring effective government and a centrist economic program drew voters away from parties that dominated Czech politics from the end of communism, echoing a swing to anti-system and anti-immigrant parties across Europe.  Babis has held talks with the eight other parties holding parliamentary seats but was spurned by all apart from the far-right, anti-European SPD, not his preferred coalition partner.  If we are rejected everywhere, we will try a minority government,  Babis, a billionaire businessman, told the www.idnes.cz website, part of a media group he owned until it was shifted to a trust fund this year.  And we will come with an agenda that partially meets the programs of all parties.  Babis has however also set more rounds of talks with all parties, and said he would wait to see how the situation develops after the new parliament first convenes on Nov. 20. ANO has 78 of the 200 seats in parliament. Most parties shun Babis because he faces charges of fraud. Police say he hid ownership of a farm and conference center near Prague in 2008 so it could qualify for a 2 million euro EU subsidy that was only meant for small business. He denies any wrongdoing and says the charges were politically motivated. Babis s Agrofert group, placed in a trust fund earlier this year, spans over 250 companies in chemicals, food, farming and media around central Europe including Germany. Forbes puts his net worth at $4 billion.    The mix of business, media and political power, plus his domineering style and wish to simplify parliamentary procedures, have prompted accusations that he is a threat to democracy. He denies this, saying he only wants to move the country forward. Pledges not to join a Babis-led cabinet were at the heart of most parties  pre-election agendas, making any turnaround tough despite positions similar to ANO on policies like infrastructure investment, tax cuts and greater government transparency. Babis again sought to dispel fears he would be anti-European fanned by his opposition to adopting the euro currency and deeper European integration, and the possibility his cabinet  could lean on eurosceptic votes from the SPD camp.    I see no reason why we should leave the European Union.  Europe is a project thanks to which we have peace, free movement of people, goods, capital and services,  he told Friday s daily Pravo. Babis added, however, that the EU needed to better protect its external borders against inward migration and draw lessons from Britain s decision to quit the EU largely over sovereignty and immigration issues. ",1
16308,Kenya opposition wants vote planned for Saturday canceled,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s main opposition party warned the election commission against reorganizing voting in four western counties where polls did not open on Thursday due to violence and said supporters should boycott any process that goes ahead.   We advise the people not to walk into this trap of death.  We call on the residents of these counties to stay away from these planned polls,  Musalia Mudavadi, a senior member of the NASA coalition, told reporters. ",1
16309,Egypt kills 13 militants in raid on western desert farm,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces killed 13 militants during a raid on a farm hideout in the western desert region on Friday, a week after a deadly attack on a police convoy, authorities said. An Interior Ministry statement gave no details on the militants, but Egyptian forces have been battling several armed Islamist groups, mostly focused on an entrenched Islamic State affiliate that has killed hundreds of police officers and troops in the northern Sinai Peninsula since 2013.  They took a house in the farm as a temporary hideout faraway from security monitoring to receive newly recruited elements and train them and prepare the explosive devices,  the ministry statement said. The clashes were in an area near the Assuit-Kharga desert highway, around 400 km (248.55 miles) southwest of Cairo, in New Valley province that shares a long border with neighboring southern Libya. Southern Libya has become a hideout for militant brigades taking advantage of the security vacuum there.  After clashes with the militants, the ministry said 13 bodies were recovered at the farm, some wearing militant uniforms. Security forces also recovered weapons, suicide bomb belts, cash and ammunition.    The statement did not say whether the group was linked to the militants who attacked police last week in a remote area of Giza governorate, 135 km outside Cairo, when sources say they were searching for a militant hideout.  Security forces dealt a severe blow to the terrorist elements in revenge for the blood of the men who were martyred last week in the oasis,  the state news agency MENA said earlier, citing a high-level security source. Most of Egypt s violence is centered in the northern Sinai, where a local group, Ansar Bait al-Maqdis, pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. It had mostly targeted security forces with ambushes and suicide attacks, but has spread to other areas of Egypt outside the peninsula. The western desert region has long been for a route for smugglers and arms coming across Libya s porous border. The Egyptian military said on Monday its air force hit eight four-wheel-drive vehicles carrying arms and explosives at the western border with Libya, killing the militants on board. ",1
16310,Kenya president ahead with 96 pct support: partial tally,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s President Uhuru Kenyatta has won over 96 percent of the votes counted so far from Thursday s re-run election, according to a local media tally of numbers released at the constituency level by the election commission. The tally, compiled by the Daily Nation media group with 200 of 292 constituencies having reported, showed Kenyatta had won 5.58 million votes, well ahead of rival Raila Odinga, who has boycotted the process. ",1
16311,Blast hits train in southwestern Pakistan; at least 6 hurt,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least six people were wounded on Friday when a bomb went off along railway tracks in southwestern Pakistan, halting train service in the region, security and railways officials said.  The train was traveling from Baluchistan s capital of Quetta to the eastern metropolis of Lahore when a blast on the main railway track damaged one of its cars.  One train bogie was damaged in the blast and a portion of the tracks blown up,  said railways official Aammir Baloch, adding that Quetta s train services had been suspended. Security officials said six passengers were injured in the blast.  The Taliban, Sunni Islam militants and sectarian groups linked to al Qaeda and the Islamic State group also operate in the strategically important region, which borders Iran and Afghanistan. Baluchistan is at the center of infrastructure projects that form part of China s  Belt and Road  initiative, which has brought $57 billion of investment to Pakistan. Violence in the southwestern region has fueled concern about security for a transport and energy link planned to run from western China to Pakistan s southern deepwater port of Gwadar. Separatists in Baluchistan, who have long battled the state for a greater share of the resources of the gas- and mineral-rich region, also accuse the central government of discrimination. Separately, two workers of a prominent political party were killed on Friday in a landmine blast in the district of Harnai  near Quetta as they traveled to a party meeting.  The victims were brothers and belonged to the Awami National Party,  regional official Abdul Salam Achakzai told Reuters.   The explosive device was planted by the road,  he added.   ",1
16312,"Myanmar gives green light to resume food aid to Rakhine, says U.N.","GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar authorities have agreed to allow the United Nations to resume distribution of food in northern Rakhine state which was suspended for two months, the World Food Programme (WFP) said on Friday. The agreement, whose details are still being worked out, came as UNICEF reported that Rohingya refugee children fleeing into Bangladesh were arriving  close to death  from malnutrition. The WFP was previously distributing food rations to 110,000 people in northern Rakhine state - to both Buddhist and the minority Muslim Rohingya communities. Rohingya insurgent attacks on police stations triggered an army crackdown, that the United Nations has called  ethnic cleansing , and U.N. humanitarian agencies have not been able to access northern Rakhine to deliver aid since then. WFP deliveries have continued to 140,000 people in central Rakhine.  WFP has been given the green light to resume food assistance operations in northern part of Rakhine. We are working with the government to coordinate the details,  WFP spokeswoman Bettina Luescher told journalists in Geneva. She had no timeline or details on the proposed distribution of rations to northern Rakhine, and said it was still being discussed with the authorities in Myanmar.  We just have to see what the situation on the ground is. It s very hard to say these things if you can t get in,  Luescher said. Some 604,000 Rohingya refugees have fled to Bangladesh in the past two months, bringing the total to 817,000, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said. Malnutrition rates in Maungdaw and Buthidaung townships in Rakhine, where the vast majority of the Rohingya refugees originate, were already above emergency threshold rates before the crisis, the U.N. Children s Fund (UNICEF) said.  Since August 25, we have had to stop treating 4,000 children with severe acute malnutrition in northern Rakhine because we have had no access,  UNICEF spokeswoman Marixie Mercado told the briefing. UNICEF has screened nearly 60,000 Rohingya refugee children arriving in Bangladesh, nearly 2,000 of whom have been identified as having severe acute malnutrition, with another 7,000 moderately acutely malnourished, she said. The agency screened 340 children among recent arrivals, a  rough and rapid exercise  that found 10 percent to be severely acutely malnourished, she said.   This is an extremely small number of children so these numbers are not representative,  Mercado said.  But what they do tell us is that some of the children are close to death by the time they make it across the border.  ",1
16313,"'Consistent' pattern of crimes against Myanmar's Rohingya, U.N. experts say","GENEVA (Reuters) - Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar have testified that a  consistent, methodical pattern  of killings, torture, rape and arson is taking place, United Nations human rights investigators said on Friday after a first mission to Bangladesh. The fact-finding team, led by former Indonesian attorney general Marzuki Darusman, said the death toll from the Myanmar army s crackdown following Rohingya insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 was unknown, but  may turn out to be extremely high .  We have heard many accounts from people from many different villages across northern Rakhine state. They point to a consistent, methodical pattern of actions resulting in gross human rights violations affecting hundreds of thousands of people,  Darusman said in a statement.  The team of three independent experts spent six days interviewing some of the 600,000 Rohingya from Myanmar s northern Rakhine state who are in refugee camps near Cox s Bazar. An advance team of U.N. rights officers have been conducting comprehensive interviews for weeks, it said.  We are deeply disturbed at the end of this visit,  Darusman said.  Radhika Coomaraswamy, another member and veteran U.N. human rights investigator, said she was left  shaken and angry  by the testimonies.  The accounts of sexual violence that I heard from victims are some of the most horrendous I have heard in my long experience in dealing with this issue in many crisis situations,  she said.  One could see the trauma in the eyes of the women I interviewed. When proven, this kind of abuse must never be allowed to go unpunished.   The U.N. team, which was established by the U.N. Human Rights Council in March, renewed its appeal for access to Rakhine state and for talks with the Myanmar government and military to  establish the facts .  The third member, Christopher Sidoti, said that Rohingyas must be allowed to return to Rakhine if they wish, but only after mechanisms are put in place to ensure their safety.   That may require the placement of international human rights monitors in Rakhine State,  he said.  ",1
16314,"After Iran shock, nervous Europe girds for next Trump salvo","BERLIN (Reuters) - Following Donald Trump s decision to decertify the Iran nuclear deal this month, shaken European capitals are asking themselves what the U.S. president will do next. Diplomats have sketched scenarios they fear could plunge transatlantic relations into crisis: a trade war, military conflict over North Korea, or the collapse of a Cold War-era arms treaty. They wonder if their post-war alliance can survive if any of them come true. Since Trump took office nine months ago, governments in Berlin, Paris and London have wavered between alarm at his rhetoric and a shaky sense that his worst instincts can be contained by the  grown ups  in his cabinet and pressure from allies. But the Iran decision, taken despite personal appeals from France s Emmanuel Macron, Germany s Angela Merkel and Britain s Theresa May, has changed the calculus in Europe, according to diplomats, politicians and analysts. No longer is there an underlying confidence that Europe can muddle through three more years of Trump without fear of major, and possibly lasting, disruptions to the relationship. Nor is there faith that Trump, when the stakes are high, will listen to what his advisers and partners tell him. The anxiety is especially acute in Germany, whose own identity is anchored in its relationship with the United States and whose reliance on Washington, particularly in defense and security matters, runs deeper than that of France or Britain.  There is a sense of desperation in Berlin, a sense that Trump does not know what is at stake, that he doesn t understand the historical factors that are at play here,  said Wolfgang Ischinger, a former German ambassador to Washington and chairman of the Munich Security Conference.  The transatlantic relationship is all about trust. In that sense, the Iran decision takes us to a new level. It is a breach of trust,  he said. Trump s decision to decertify the Iran deal will not necessarily kill it. That depends on Congress, which must now decide to impose new sanctions against Tehran. But the consensus in Europe is that a landmark diplomatic achievement has been seriously undermined.  Merkel alluded to the breakdown in trust back in May, when she said Europe might not be able to rely on the United States and must take its fate into its own hands. That came after a contentious G7 meeting in Sicily at which Trump ignored pleas from allies to stick with another multilateral agreement, the Paris climate accord. Since then Merkel, focused on an election and efforts to form a coalition, has said little about the transatlantic relationship or Trump. Macron meanwhile, has done his best to charm the American president, inviting him to Paris for Bastille Day celebrations and meeting him again at the United Nations last month.  I don t despair of making him change his mind,  Macron said in New York of Trump s stances on climate and Iran. In private however, European officials say they are worried that Trump s rejection of the Iran deal could be a harbinger of other disruptive salvos from Washington. One senior European diplomat said the next conflict would likely be over trade, describing Trump s attempt to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)   and his threats to abandon it   as a  litmus test . European firms, especially German carmakers who produce in Mexico and export to the United States, could be hit hard by a breakdown of NAFTA. There are also fears that Trump could carry out a threat to introduce steel import tariffs, which would hit European exporters as well as the Chinese.  So far there has been a lot of bark and no bite from Trump on trade, but that doesn t mean it will stay that way,  said the European diplomat.  We have to be prepared for real protectionist measures. Any steps that penalize European firms directly or indirectly would create a downward spiral.  ANTI-AMERICANISM North Korea is another area of concern. Thorsten Benner, director of the Global Public Policy Institute in Berlin, believes the reaction in Europe to a military conflict on the Korean peninsula could be  as messy as the Iraq war . The European public could view Washington as the aggressor in such a conflict. This could fuel anti-American sentiment, making it difficult for European leaders to stand with Trump and emboldening voices that are already calling for a break from Washington   no matter how unrealistic that looks in practice.  We have to wake up to the fact that we may be dealing with Trump for some time, and that there may not be a correction when he leaves,  one German diplomat told Reuters.  It hasn t dawned on people here that this is existential and you have to react.  Concerns about such sentiments led a group of a dozen Germany-based foreign policy experts to issue a manifesto this month, entitled  In Spite of It All, America , which warned Berlin against turning its back on Washington because of Trump. Former ambassador Ischinger shares that view. But he too is concerned the relationship could deteriorate further. One of his biggest fears is a collapse of the INF Treaty, a nuclear arms reduction pact signed by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1987. Washington and Moscow accuse each other of violating the treaty and Gorbachev himself warned this month that it was in peril. Should the INF unravel, Ischinger believes the divisive 1980s debate about deploying nuclear weapons in Europe could resurface with devastating consequences for transatlantic ties.  All hell could break loose, politically speaking,  he said. For generations of Germans, Ischinger says, the symbol of the transatlantic alliance has been U.S. presidents   from John F. Kennedy to Reagan, and from Bill Clinton to Barack Obama.  I can no longer tell my children that they are part of this alliance with Trump as president,  he said.  It is rather sad. I don t know how the loss of this symbol can be replaced.  ",1
16315,Indonesia questions fireworks factory owner after deadly blaze,"KOSAMBI, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian police on Friday started questioning the owner of a fireworks factory destroyed in a series of explosions and a fire that killed 47 workers and injured dozens, leaving some with horrific burns covering up to 80 percent of their bodies. In one of Indonesia s worst industrial disasters, many workers were unable to escape the fire at the plant in Tangerang, an industrial and manufacturing hub near Jakarta, on Thursday. Police and residents broke holes in the walls to help trapped workers forced back by the intense heat from the blaze. On Friday, a pile of sacks was still smoldering as forensics experts searched for human remains. The disaster will throw a new focus on safety standards at workplaces in Indonesia, where rules are often poorly enforced.  Police said the owner of the fireworks company, PT Panca Buana Cahaya Sukses, had returned to Indonesia to be questioned, along with seven witnesses, mostly administrative staff at the factory.  When he heard about the incident at the factory he was in Malaysia and he flew back straight away and went straight to Tangerang Police,  Jakarta police spokesman Argo Juwono told Metro TV. Earlier, Tangerang police chief Harry Kurniawan told Reuters the cause of the fire was still being investigated and denied reports that the factory gates were locked.  Responding to a report that underage workers were employed at the plant, Kurniawan said investigations had not shown this to be the case. Hospital records seen by Reuters showed two of the injured were aged 15 and 16.  Tangerang General Hospital is treating 12 patients, some for burns over 40 percent to 80 percent of their bodies, said a spokesman, Yudi Firmansyah.    We are expecting treatment to take a long time,  Firmansyah added.  First there s the life-saving stage, then further treatment to prevent infections, and cosmetic procedures.  Ayani, who goes by one name, wept when she saw her severely burnt daughter, Nuhayati, 35, lying on a hospital bed.  Her skin has been burned off completely,  she said, pointing to her forearms, torso and legs, and adding that her daughter had started working at the plant a month ago.  She only had some hair on her head, but her skin is almost gone.  Officials have warned that the death toll could rise, with police saying three people were still unaccounted for. There were some narrow escapes at the factory, staffed mainly by young women paid about $3 a day. Fitri, 18, told Kompas media she survived by submerging herself in a large tub of water used to clean equipment, along with four workers.  If we stay here, we won t be safe,  she eventually told her friends, before climbing a 3-metre (10-ft) wall beside the tub and breaking through the roof. Then residents used a ladder to help her descend.The report said the fire was thought to have started in a holding area next to the front gate where fireworks were stored.         Victims in orange body bags were taken to a police hospital in East Jakarta for identification by families. Sugeng Priyanto, an official at the Ministry of Manpower, told Metro TV a team was investigating safety standards at the warehouse, which had been operating for a few months. Tangerang Regent Ahmed Zaki said the company had a permit to pack and wrap fireworks, though not produce them at the warehouse, which was close to a school and housing. Earlier he had said it had a manufacturing permit. The disaster illustrated the low safety awareness in Indonesia, Jakarta-based Concord Consulting said in a daily report.   Regulations may be in place officially, but too often are simply ignored, resulting in high levels of complacency,  it said.  (For a graphic on 'Map locating the site of the fireworks factory' click tmsnrt.rs/2gK9thv) ",1
16316,"Exclusive: Energy, not tech or finance, in CEO line-up for Trump's China visit","BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. energy and commodities firms will make up a major part of a business delegation visiting Beijing at the same time as U.S. President Donald Trump goes to China in November, according to an initial list seen by Reuters. Prominent technology and financial companies are mostly absent from the list, reflecting the slow progress Washington has made in opening up China in those sectors. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who will lead the 29 companies that have been approved to travel on the trade mission starting on Nov. 8, said they will be looking for  immediate results  and  tangible agreements . But, speaking at the Paley International Council Summit in New York on Wednesday, he acknowledged that market access, intellectual property rights, and tariffs are more complex and will take a longer time to negotiate.  Some major industrial companies - General Electric Co, Honeywell International Inc and Boeing Co - are among the companies on the current list. Whether executives from all the named companies end up attending could be subject to agreements or deals being negotiated in time for the visit, according to multiple sources whose companies are involved. One of the few tech companies going with Trump is Qualcomm, which earns about half of its global revenue in China and faces a series of tricky legal issues there, including a lawsuit with Apple and the Chinese government s review of its pending $38 billion merger with NXP Semiconductors. Qualcomm said its CEO, Steve Mollenkopf, planned to attend. An industry source told Reuters tech firms were reluctant to go, given China market access issues, the unpredictability of the Trump administration, and a  Section 301  U.S. trade investigation alleging Chinese abuses of intellectual property.  (These) issues are extremely sensitive for tech companies said another source in the U.S. business community.  Very few want to stick their heads up and be perceived as complaining directly, and even fewer trust this White House to do anything helpful on their issues,  he said. Particularly galling to foreign tech firms are a slate of new national security and cyber security regulations, which mandate companies store crucial data within China and pass security reviews they argue could put business secrets at risk. Trump, a real estate magnate who had never before held public office, has had a sometimes testy relationship with corporate America since taking office in January.  He disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils in August after several chief executives quit in protest over his controversial remarks on racist violence in Charlottesville. U.S. industry sources say it has been years since a major business delegation has gone to China during a U.S. presidential visit. Calls for such a delegation during Trump s visit originated in the China-based U.S. business community, according to several sources, who saw a need to match growing efforts by Germany, France and Britain to promote their nation s firms in China. Trump, who has frequently cited the substantial U.S. trade deficit with China as a reason why Washington should take more protectionist measures, was an easy sell on incorporating a group of executives into the visit, according to the sources. Nonetheless, some trade analysts say China has done a good job of taming Trump s combative trade impulses. They worry the U.S. administration will be willing to paper over market access concerns during the visit in its focus on getting Beijing to take action against North Korea over its nuclear and missile programs. Beijing agreed in May to grant limited U.S. access in financial services in bilateral talks aimed at reducing China s trade surplus with the United States which reached $347 billion last year, but business groups complained it was too little, too late. William Zarit, the chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, told Reuters he didn t expect Trump to push hard on market access issues on this trip.  Unfortunately, I think the Chinese aren t going to start to respond until they feel some pain,  Zarit said.  We re all wondering what that is going to mean.  Scott Kennedy, at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington, said Beijing has deflected commercial issues  using a combination of leadership flattery, coaxing up to his (Trump s) family, token concessions, adjusting their level of help on North Korea sanctions, and threats of retaliation should the U.S. take any unilateral action . Agribusiness and energy firms dominate the delegation list. They include Archer Daniels Midland Co (ADM), one of the world s largest grain companies, and chemicals and agribusiness giant DowDuPont. Ten of the companies are involved in gas or other energy fields, including Cheniere Energy Inc, which operates the only U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) export terminal, three that are building new projects, and Freepoint Commodities, founded and run by David Messer, who led power utility Sempra s vaunted commodities division.[L2N1N109T] Their presence underscores the U.S. ambition to sell more of its excess gas abroad as its shale revolution contributes to a global LNG glut.  Others on the list who confirmed plans to attend include GE, Houston-based LNG company Delfin Midstream, SolarReserve, Stine Seed Company, biotech firm Drylet, wastewater-processing firm Viroment and the U.S. Soybean Export Council. Bell Helicopter and crane-maker Terex Corp are also on the delegation list. Honeywell, DowDuPont and ADM did not respond immediately to a request for comment and Freepoint, Cheniere, Sempra Energy, and Texas LNG Brownsville LLC said they had no comment. Boeing told Reuters it does not yet have plans to send anyone but that may change. Alaska Gasline Development Corp said it had no information to release. The U.S. Commerce Department, which is leading the delegation, has not yet issued its own list. At least one of the companies on the list tried to distance itself from Trump. SolarReserve told Reuters in a statement that  it had been selected to participate in the commerce department s delegation but stressed that  we are not part of the business delegation travelling to China with President Trump.  One U.S. official told Reuters on condition of anonymity that Trump will tout deals announced during the trip, but they would have likely happened regardless.  The risk is that commercial deals  distract from long-term political solutions  to trade issues, the official said. Evan Medeiros, former President Barack Obama s top Asia adviser, made a similar point in Washington. Beijing would avoid seriously addressing the  underlying systemic problems  such as market access for high-tech goods and intellectual property protection during the visit, he predicted.  The Chinese will be happy to buy a lot of American goods. That s what they know Trump wants   big export numbers,  he said, predicting that China would announce big business deals and allow the president to tout them during his visit.     ",1
16317,Kremlin hits at Twitter's 'prejudiced' move against two Russian media outlets,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Twitter s ban on adverts from Russian media was motivated by Washington s  deep prejudices  against Moscow and was setting a worrying precedent for the company to treat its clients unequally, the Kremlin said on Friday. Twitter Inc on Thursday accused Russian media outlets Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik of interfering in the 2016 U.S. election and banned them from buying ads on its network, after criticism in the United States that the social network had not done enough to deter international meddling.  We regret this. We regret that, first and foremost, this company (Twitter) is most probably falling victim to deep prejudices about our mass media,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  We also regret that the company is actually creating a precedent of unequal treatment of its clients which ... is likely to alarm and worry other users of this network.  In April, Reuters reported that RT and Sputnik were part of a plan by Russian President Vladimir Putin to swing the U.S. presidential election to Donald Trump and undermine voters  faith in the American electoral system, according to three current and four former U.S. officials. The Kremlin has strongly denied U.S. accusations of  meddling in the polls.  We still hope that in the end the company will deem it necessary to analyze this situation in detail and in the end will come to a conclusion that the work of free mass media, which RT and Sputnik are certainly part of, should in no way be qualified as meddling in the electoral process of the U.S.A. or any other country,  Peskov said. He also said that possible new U.S. sanctions against Russia were a cause for concern and a reflection of Washington s  unfriendly and even hostile attitude towards our country . The U.S. State Department said on Thursday it had belatedly begun informing Congress and others about groups associated with the Russian intelligence and defense sectors as required under a 2017 law tightening sanctions on Russia. ",1
16318,UK PM May concerned by reports of sexual harassment in parliament: spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is concerned by a newspaper report describing a culture of sexual harassment among lawmakers and their staff working in parliament, her spokeswoman said on Friday. The report in the Sun newspaper follows dozens of allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein which have prompted hundreds of thousands of women around the world to share their own experiences. The Sun said on Friday that female staff working in London s Westminster political district had created a WhatsApp instant messaging group to discuss their experiences of harassment and warn others about potential perpetrators. It did not name anyone in connection with allegations but cited unnamed members of the group when describing its contents and purpose.    The reports are very concerning, but I can t pre-empt allegations or investigations that haven t come to light yet,  May s spokeswoman said when asked about the Sun story.  The prime minister was very clear when we responded to the reports about Harvey Weinstein in the last few weeks that any unwanted sexual behavior is completely unacceptable, and that is true in any walk of life including politics.  Separately, a group of women members of Britain s opposition Labour Party have set up a website calling on fellow members who have experienced sexual harassment within party ranks to tell their stories anonymously to try and improve Labour s culture.  Any allegations that may come to light would be taken extremely seriously and we would advise people to contact the police if there is such an allegation,  May s spokeswoman said. ",1
16319,Hot air? U.S. gas exporters rush to sell LNG to China,"BEIJING (Reuters) - U.S. gas exporters and traders are aiming to grab a bigger chunk of the lucrative, growing business of exporting gas to China, the world s third-largest buyer, when they accompany Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to China next month. But the talk may all be hot air if the U.S. suppliers can t compete with bargain prices agreed on long-term deals with rivals Australia, Qatar and Malaysia. According to a list seen by Reuters, 10 of the 29 companies traveling with Ross and U.S President Donald Trump are involved in energy and gas. [L4N1N228C] Among them are Cheniere Energy Inc, which operates the only U.S. LNG export terminal and Freepoint Commodities, founded and run by David Messer, who led power utility Sempra s vaunted commodities division. [L4N1N228C] Their presence underscores the U.S. ambition to sell more of its excess gas abroad as the U.S. shale revolution threatens to upset the global LNG market. China s appetite has soared as it embarks on an audacious bid to heat millions of homes across the north by gas for the first time this winter and switch tens of thousands of industrial boilers to the cleaner fuel as part of its push to clear the skies.  Without sufficient domestic output to meet growing demand, imports have surged this year, offering huge potential for major exporting nations such as the United States.  We re on the mission to talk to Chinese companies to get something signed up,  said Frederick Jones, founder and chief executive of Delfin Midstream LLC, which is building floating LNG vessels that would sit 50 miles off the coast of Louisiana.  He s heading to Beijing on the trip scheduled to begin on Nov. 8 with his chief financial officer Matthew Weil. Delfin has no customers yet for its new terminal, but hopes to  showcase  the company to state-owned and large private companies. Delfin has been in talks with Chinese buyers for potential offtake deals as well as funds for financing, according to a person with knowledge of the exchanges. A Chinese oil trading executive involved in discussions ahead of the trip expected the delegation to yield several short-term supply deals. (For a graphic on 'LNG market overview' click reut.rs/2z21LDq) In May, the United States and China agreed to boost trade under the  100-day  trade talks aimed at reducing a U.S. trade deficit with China that reached $347 billion last year. Among the agreements is one allowing Chinese buyers to purchase long-term supplies from the United States directly.     Current long-term contracts with Qatar and Australia signed between 2009 and 2013 will expire around 2030/40, but China will need to top up imports to meet growing demand.  Uncertain when the global LNG market will bottom out, Chinese buyers are cautiously avoiding lining up new long-term contracts, but rather are looking at signing five-year or even shorter-term deals based on spot prices, sources said. U.S. imports of LNG have exploded this year.    (For a graphic on 'China LNG Imports by Origin' click reut.rs/2yO1bvM) In the first nine months of the year, shipments hit almost 600,000 tonnes, ranking the United States as the sixth largest LNG importer, leap-frogging Nigeria and Peru.  The average price China paid for U.S. LNG was $7.62 per million of British thermal units (mmBtu) over the past 12 months on a delivered basis, compared to $6.54 for Australia, according to Reuters calculations based on monthly customs data. In 2016, China imported just under 200,000 tonnes of LNG, up from 62,601 tonnes in 2015.  China expects that gas demand will rise to between 320 and 360 billion cubic metres per year by 2020. The increase is the equivalent of the annual consumption of Japan, Asia s second-largest gas consumer after China.  (For a graphic on 'China natural gas imports' click reut.rs/2xDm2CA) ",1
16320,Rights groups urge UK to request Bahrain free activist's relatives,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A group of 13 human rights organizations urged the British government to call for the release of three Bahrainis detained in the Gulf State, saying they were being punished because they were relatives of a London-based activist and his wife. In a letter sent to Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, the group that includes Amnesty International and UK legal charity Reprieve called for the release of Sayed Nazar Alwadaei, Hajar Mansoor Hasan and Mahmood Marzooq Mansoor. The three are relatives of Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei and his wife Duaa Alwadaei. Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei is the director of advocacy at the Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy, a Britain-based group campaigning for political change in Bahrain. The three were arrested in March in Bahrain while Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei was attending the 34th session of the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.  We therefore urge your government to request Bahrain to immediately release Mr and Mrs Alwadaei s relatives ahead of their October 30 trial and drop all charges against them,  said the letter sent on Thursday. It called the case  part of a pattern of abuse and harassment against human rights defenders and their families in Bahrain . The letter said the three detainees are facing up to three years in jail.  Bahrain is punishing his innocent family as retribution for his peaceful activism,  said Maya Foa, director of Reprieve. Bahrain s government officials could not be immediately reached for a comment. Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei s family members have been under the spotlight of Bahrain s authorities since he took part in protest against the attendance of the Gulf state s king at a royal horse show in Britain. King Hamad attended the Royal Windsor Horse Show last year, and the state-run Bahrain News Agency BNA published his photographs with Britain s Queen Elizabeth II. Bahrain, which has a Shi ite Muslim majority population and is ruled by a Sunni royal family, has seen unrest since the  Arab Spring  protests across the region in 2011.  Many of Bahrain s Shi ites say they suffer discrimination, which the government denies. It accuses Shi ite power Iran of fomenting unrest on its soil, a charged Tehran denies. ",1
16321,Scotland's Sturgeon seeks assurance on Brexit transition,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland s first minister Nicola Sturgeon has sought confirmation from Prime Minister Theresa May that Britain is urgently seeking a transition agreement with the European Union before the end of the year. Sturgeon, who heads the devolved government, said in a letter to May she was  increasingly concerned  that Brexit talks would end in no deal and see Britain crash out, following contradictory indications from UK government officials earlier this week.   The clarity of your intentions, and thus the confidence of business that there will be a sensible transition period agreed quickly, has been seriously undermined,  she wrote.  This relates in particular to your comments suggesting no transition can be agreed, or formalized, until there is agreement on the future relationship (with the EU).  The UK government said on Wednesday it wants an agreement of the outline of transitional arrangements in early 2018, and that it expects such an agreement to be quickly and easily reached. Asked about Sturgeon s letter, a spokesman for May said:  We will respond in due course . Uncertainty around formalizing a transition period ahead of agreement on Britain s future relationship with the EU was causing confusion and damaging business confidence, Sturgeon argued. She said she was seeking confirmation that the prime minister was  urgently seeking agreement on a transition arrangement of at least two years, with the aim of securing that agreement by the end of this year.  ",1
16322,Mattis talks diplomacy on North Korea ahead of Trump's Asia tour,"PANMUNJOM, South Korea (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis emphasized diplomatic efforts to resolve the North Korean missile and nuclear crisis as he stood at the tense and heavily fortified border between North and South on Friday, saying:  Our goal is not war.  His remarks came before U.S. President Donald Trump - who has threatened to destroy the North if necessary - leaves on his first trip to Asia next week, including a stop in South Korea to meet President Moon Jae-in. For his part, Moon, after talks with Mattis, said the  aggressive deployment  of U.S. strategic assets in the region, which have included overflights by U.S. bombers, had been effective in deterring the North Korean threat. Tension between North Korea and the United States has been building after a series of nuclear and missile tests by Pyongyang and bellicose verbal exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, stoking fears any miscalculation could lead to an armed confrontation.   North Korean provocations continue to threaten regional and global security despite unanimous condemnation by the United Nations Security Council,  Mattis said in prepared remarks as he visited the demilitarized zone (DMZ).  As Secretary of State Tillerson has made clear, our goal is not war, but rather the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.  Standing alongside Mattis, South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo said:  We together will continue to defend peace through strong will and strong might.  Ahead of Trump s visit to Asia, Mattis has emphasized diplomatic efforts to find a peaceful solution to the crisis during his week-long trip to the region.  That s really what it was all about   to keep the (North Korea) effort firmly in the diplomatic lane for resolution,  Mattis said earlier this week after three days of meetings with Asian defense chiefs in the Philippines.  At the same time, the U.S. and South Korean militaries are looking for ways to deter Pyongyang and bolster the South s defenses. Washington s top military officer, Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, met with his South Korean counterpart, General Kyeong Doo Jeong, a U.S. military statement said. Dunford renewed U.S. warnings of retaliation to further provocations.   (Dunford) reaffirmed that any attack by North Korea would be met with a response that will be overwhelming and effective, using the full range of U.S. military capabilities,  the statement said. The United States flew Air Force bombers over waters east of North Korea last month in a show of force. The U.S. Navy, in what it says was a long-planned maneuver, will have three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups in the Pacific in the coming days.  Last week, CIA chief Mike Pompeo said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent.  U.S. intelligence experts say Pyongyang believes it needs the weapons to ensure its survival and have been skeptical about diplomatic efforts, focusing on sanctions, to get Pyongyang to denuclearize. The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on seven North Korean individuals and three entities for  flagrant  human rights abuses, including killings, torture, forced labor and the hunting down of asylum seekers abroad. In a speech last month at the United Nations, Trump threatened to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend the United States and allies. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.  Despite the rhetoric, White House officials say Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution. But all options, including military ones, are on the table.   Do we have military options in defense for attack, if our allies are attacked? Of course we do. But everyone is out for a peaceful resolution,  Mattis told reporters traveling with him this week.  No one s rushing for war.  Separately, North Korea released a South Korean fishing boat which had been found to be in North Korean waters illegally, state media said. The crew of 10 - seven South Koreans and three Vietnamese - were released on Friday evening, a spokesman for South Korea s coastguard told Reuters. The return of the boat, which had been reported as missing from Saturday, may have eased already strained relations between North and South. The two sides are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The North regularly threatens to destroy the South and the United States.   ",1
16323,"Catalonia casts shadow on positive BBVA, Sabadell results","MADRID (Reuters) - Broadly positive results from BBVA and Sabadell were overshadowed on Friday by growing fears over the impact of Catalonia s bid for independence. The crisis has split Catalonia and caused deep resentment around Spain. It has also prompted a flight of business from the wealthy region and alarmed European leaders who fear the crisis could fan separatist sentiment around the continent. BBVA and Sabadell are among the Spanish banks with the highest exposure to the region, where Madrid was preparing to impose direct rule on Friday Shares in Sabadell were the among the worst performers on Spain s Ibex-35 falling 4.5 percent, while BBVA dropped 1.8 percent as investors focused on events in Catalonia.  We did see some movements of deposits during a few days but really nothing material and things have really normalized but there were some days when clients were nervous about the uncertainty,  BBVA s chief executive officer, Carlos Torres, told analysts Deposits in the northeastern region were safe, although if the situation persists it could cut Spanish growth to less than 2.5 percent in 2018, he later added. Although BBVA is based in the northern city of Bilbao it became one of the biggest lenders in Catalonia after buying two former savings banks in the region, Catalunya Banc and Unnim. In an attempt to calm clients, Sabadell decided in early October to move its legal headquarters out of Catalonia. While an economic recovery and a property rebound has allowed most of Spain s banks to tackle toxic balance sheets faster than peers in Italy, the results from BBVA and Sabadell underlined that pressure on revenue from lending remains. Spanish banks are struggling to lift earnings from loans, as interest rates hover at historic lows and increasing competition erodes margins. BBVA s net interest income (NII), or profit from loans minus funding cost, was down around 2 percent against the previous quarter, while Sabadell s NII fell 4 percent. To offset pressure at home, Spanish banks have been expanding abroad in search of higher revenues. BBVA s net profit was up 19 percent up for the period July to September to 1.14 billion euros, slightly above analysts  forecast in a Reuters poll, boosted by Mexico, which accounts for more than 40 percent of its earnings. Net profit at Sabadell however fell 8 percent in the third quarter to 203 million euros, below analysts  forecasts, after its bottom line was impacted by the sale of some its units.  The lender however stuck to its profit target of 800 million euros for 2017. Friday s results showed BBVA, the country s second biggest bank by assets, reduced its non-performing loans by 1.5 billion euros ($1.7 billion) in the quarter, while Sabadell reduced its problematic assets by 500 million euros. Sabadell s chief executive, Jaime Guardiola, said it would also meet its target of reducing problematic assets by 2 billion euros by year-end despite the political uncertainty. The European Central Bank announced this month new guidelines for lenders to reduce bad loans, although the plans are meeting with a fierce backlash in Italy. Italian banks have more than 210 billion in non-performing exposure, while Spanish banks have combined non-performing loans of 106 billion euros..     ",1
16324,Ireland says Brexit talks can't move on without clarity over border,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Britain s talks on exiting the European Union cannot progress, as London wishes, to trade relations until it give more clarity on what will happen at its border with Ireland, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Friday. The border with Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure, is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly solved before talks on trade can start in December at the earliest.  On the border issue, I m sorry but we need more clarity than we have right now. We cannot move ahead to phase two on the back of a promise that we don t see any delivery mechanism to make a reality,  Coveney told a conference.  We don t need all the answers but we certainly need to have more assurance than we have today and we need some understanding that if the trade negotiations collapse, which could happen, that the Irish issues will still be resolved and prioritized.  With close trading links to Britain, Ireland is considered the EU member most at risk when its neighbor leaves the bloc. That means it needs to plan  for all eventualities  and is already doing so, Coveney said. Ireland has called for Britain and the EU to reach a bespoke customs union partnership to eliminate the risk of a  hard  border returning between it and Northern Ireland, which until a 1998 peace deal was separated by military checkpoints because of 30 years of sectarian violence in the province. However, Dublin wants Britain to commit to a fallback option, including potential special arrangements for Northern Ireland, to avoid a customs border should Britain s plan of maintaining the closest possible ties with the EU fall through. If those assurances are forthcoming, Dublin will  probably be Britain s closest friend  in the trade talks but if London maintains its current position, some sort of customs border on the island of Ireland cannot be avoided, Coveney said. Ireland s Central Bank has told Irish firms to do more to prepare for an abrupt British departure and speaking at the same conference, Allied Irish Banks  chairman said Ireland must be ready for a  car crash Brexit.   We must plan for the worst possible car-crash Brexit if the ultra-Brexiteers, the head-bangers, are prepared to blow up the British economy in the name of taking back control,  Richard Pym said. ",1
16325,"Russia undermining action against chemical weapons, says UK, citing Syria 'cover up'","LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Friday accused Russia of trying to hide the use of sarin gas by Syrian president Bashar al-Assad s government, and said Moscow s behavior was undermining the consensus against chemical weapons. A United Nations report released on Thursday found Assad s government to blame for a chemical attack in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria which killed dozens of people in April and prompted a retaliatory U.S. missile strike. Commenting on the release of that report, Johnson called on the international community to hold Assad s government to account.  He also launched a fierce attack on Russia, which helped broker a deal in 2013 under which Assad agreed to destroy Syria s chemical weapon stockpile.   Russia has repeatedly attempted to disrupt efforts to get to the truth of the Khan Sheikhoun attack,  he said in a statement.  Russia has consistently chosen to cover up for Assad.   This behavior can only undermine the global consensus against the use of chemical weapons. I call on Russia to stop covering up for its abhorrent ally and keep its own commitment to ensure that chemical weapons are never used again.  Russia has defended the Syrian leader against U.S. allegations that his forces carried out the attack, saying there was no evidence. Russia said the chemicals that killed civilians belonged to rebels, not Assad s government.  The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war. Moscow backs Syrian government forces against rebels in the war. The chemical weapons investigation mechanism was unanimously created by the 15-member U.N. Security Council, which includes Russia, in 2015 and renewed in 2016 for another year. Its mandate is due to expire in mid-November, and Russia on Tuesday vetoed a proposal to further extend its mandate.  Russian ambassador to the U.N. Vassily Nebenzia said Russia would consider revisiting the mandate extension after Thursday s report was discussed. Johnson s comments come only weeks after his foreign ministry announced he would travel to Moscow later this year to discuss international security issues.  Johnson has previously described diplomatic relations with Russia as  difficult  but said the British government had a policy of engaging with Moscow  to further mutual interests where they exist . In April, following the sarin gas attack, he canceled what would have been the first visit to Russia in five years by a British foreign secretary.  ",1
16326,"As Mattis peers into North Korea, he gets warning on artillery","DEMILITARIZED ZONE, South Korea (Reuters) - As U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis peered into North Korea from a lookout post on Friday, he was given a blunt reminder by his South Korean counterpart of the vast amount of North Korean artillery within range of Seoul.  Above the faint sound of North Korean propaganda music being blasted from across the border, South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo suggested that U.S. and South Korean missile defences simply could not stop all of them.  Defending against this many LRAs (long-range artillery) is infeasible in my opinion,  Song told Mattis, citing a need for strategies to  offensively neutralise  the artillery in the event of a conflict. Mattis replied:  Understood.  The brief exchange at the inter-Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) - where U.S .President Donald Trump may visit in coming days - spoke volumes about the risks of any miscalculation as tension soars over Pyongyang s rapidly advancing nuclear weapon and missile programs. Last week, CIA chief Mike Pompeo said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent. U.S. intelligence experts say Pyongyang believes it needs the weapons to ensure its survival and have been sceptical about diplomatic efforts, focussing on sanctions, to get Pyongyang to willingly denuclearise. But, as the DMZ trip highlighted, North Korea s conventional weaponry poses such a risk to South Korea that any attempt to denuclearize the North by force could easily escalate into a devastating conflict. Mattis was keen to emphasise efforts to peacefully resolve the crisis, including at the DMZ, as he addressed reporters with his back to the dividing line between North and South.   Our goal is not war, but rather the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula,  Mattis said, as North Korean soldiers kept watch. Mattis said he and Song also made clear their mutual commitment  to a diplomatic solution to address North Korea s reckless, outlaw behaviour,  when they met this week at a gathering of Asian defence chiefs in the Philippines. He carried that same message after his helicopter flight back to Seoul, where he addressed a small group of U.S. and South Korean soldiers.  It comes down to you to make it work, my fine young troops ... and we ll buy time for our diplomats to solve this problem,  he said. The emphasis on diplomacy came before Trump departs next week on a trip to Asia. He has declined to say whether he will visit the DMZ when he stops in South Korea, telling reporters on Wednesday:  You ll be surprised.  Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend the United States and its allies. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.  The bellicose verbal exchanges have stoked fears of a military confrontation, but White House officials say Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution. At the same time, the U.S. and South Korean militaries are looking for ways to deter Pyongyang, and bolster its defences. As Mattis at one point met some of the roughly 28,000 American forces stationed in South Korea, he said the role of U.S. and South Korean troops was essential.  We re doing everything we can to solve this diplomatically, everything we can. But ultimately our diplomats have to be backed up by strong soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines, so they speak from a position of strength,  he said.  So thanks for standing watch, for holding the line.  ",1
16327,"As Mattis peers into North Korea, he gets warning on artillery"," DEMILITARIZED ZONE, South Korea (Reuters) - As U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis peered into North Korea from a lookout post on Friday, he was given a blunt reminder by his South Korean counterpart of the vast amount of North Korean artillery within range of Seoul.  Above the faint sound of North Korean propaganda music being blasted from across the border, South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo suggested that U.S. and South Korean missile defenses simply could not stop all of them.   Defending against this many LRAs (long-range artillery) is infeasible in my opinion,  Song told Mattis, citing a need for strategies to  offensively neutralize  the artillery in the event of a conflict.  Mattis replied:  Understood.   The brief exchange at the inter-Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) - where U.S .President Donald Trump may visit in coming days - spoke volumes about the risks of any miscalculation as tension soars over Pyongyang s rapidly advancing nuclear weapon and missile programs.  Last week, CIA chief Mike Pompeo said North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent.  U.S. intelligence experts say Pyongyang believes it needs the weapons to ensure its survival and have been skeptical about diplomatic efforts, focusing on sanctions, to get Pyongyang to willingly denuclearise.  But, as the DMZ trip highlighted, North Korea s conventional weaponry poses such a risk to South Korea that any attempt to denuclearize the North by force could easily escalate into a devastating conflict.  Mattis was keen to emphasize efforts to peacefully resolve the crisis, including at the DMZ, as he addressed reporters with his back to the dividing line between North and South.   Our goal is not war, but rather the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean peninsula,  Mattis said, as North Korean soldiers kept watch.  Mattis said he and Song also made clear their mutual commitment  to a diplomatic solution to address North Korea s reckless, outlaw behavior,  when they met this week at a gathering of Asian defense chiefs in the Philippines.  He carried that same message after his helicopter flight back to Seoul, where he addressed a small group of U.S. and South Korean soldiers.  ""It comes down to you to make it work, my fine young troops ... and we'll buy time for our diplomats to solve this problem,"" he said.  The emphasis on diplomacy came before Trump departs next week on a trip to Asia. He has declined to say whether he will visit the DMZ when he stops in South Korea, telling reporters on Wednesday:  You ll be surprised.   Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend the United States and its allies. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.   The bellicose verbal exchanges have stoked fears of a military confrontation, but White House officials say Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution.  At the same time, the U.S. and South Korean militaries are looking for ways to deter Pyongyang, and bolster its defenses.  As Mattis at one point met some of the roughly 28,000 American forces stationed in South Korea, he said the role of U.S. and South Korean troops was essential.   We re doing everything we can to solve this diplomatically, everything we can. But ultimately our diplomats have to be backed up by strong soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines, so they speak from a position of strength,  he said.   So thanks for standing watch, for holding the line.   ",1
16328,Suez says temporarily moves Catalonia office to Madrid,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s Suez, the top water provider in Spain, has temporarily moved the legal registration of its offices in Catalonia to Madrid because of legal uncertainty related to Catalonia s independence movement.  Suez sells water to municipal and industrial customers in Spain where last year it generated 2.5 billion euros of its 15.3 billion euro total revenue.   We have temporarily moved the registered office of Agbar, which is the (Suez) holding company in Catalonia, to Madrid in order to protect the legal certainty of investors, because what we see now in Catalonia is uncertainty,  Chief Financial Officer Christophe Cros said on an earnings call. He said that in 2015 Suez had already moved the legal address of the holding company owning all its activities in Spain from Barcelona to Madrid.  This was not because of politics but because the company wanted to establish a stronger presence in Madrid, as Catalonia makes up only about 50 percent of Suez  revenue in Spain.  Cros said business in Spain in general as well as in Catalonia had been good in the first nine months of the year.  Our business in Catalonia is to deliver water to consumers and I don t expect any change in the need in water,  he said.  In 2015, when Suez finalised its full takeover of Aguas de Barcelona (Agbar), former Agbar minority shareholder Criteria Caixa became Suez  second-largest shareholder and now holds 5.74 percent of its shares. Suez  Spanish water unit Agbar - whose roots go back to 1882 - has over 12,600 staff worldwide and generated 60 percent of its revenue in Spain, the rest mainly in Chile. ",1
16329,Catalan secessionists register parliamentary motion to split from Spain: media,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan secessionists on Friday registered a motion with the regional parliament to proclaim independence from Spain and a Catalan republic though it was unclear whether the text would be put to a vote, newspaper La Vanguardia said. The motion was presented by lawmakers from Junts pel Si (Together for Yes) and CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy) which together hold a majority in the assembly. ",1
16330,Britain believes North Korea was behind 'WannaCry' NHS cyber attack," LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Friday it believed North Korea was behind the  WannaCry  cyber attack in May that disrupted businesses and government services worldwide, including the National Health Service (NHS) in England.  Security Minister Ben Wallace said Britain believed  quite strongly  that the ransomware attack came from a foreign state.  ""North Korea was the state that we believe was involved in this worldwide attack on our systems,"" he told BBC radio.   We can be as sure as possible - I can t obviously go into the detailed intelligence but it is widely believed in the community and across a number of countries that North Korea had taken this role.   WannaCry infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries in a matter of days, demanding victims pay ransoms starting at $300 to regain access to their machines.  Cyber security researchers quickly identified a possible link to North Korea.  More than a third of England s 236 NHS trusts and an estimated 19,000 appointments were affected, Britain s National Audit Office said on Friday in a report on the attack.  It said WannaCry was a relatively unsophisticated attack that could have been prevented by the NHS had it followed basic IT security best practice.  No NHS organization paid the ransom but the government does not know how much the disruption to services cost the NHS, it said.  Wallace said Britain needed to redouble its efforts to strengthen cyber security.   It s a salient lesson for us all that all of us, from individuals to governments to large organizations, have a role to play in maintaining the security of our networks,  he said.  ",1
16331,Alphabet soup as Kazakh leader orders switch to Latin letters,"ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakhstan is to change its official alphabet for the third time in less than 100 years in what is seen in part as symbolic move to underline its independence. President Nursultan Nazarbayev ordered his office on Thursday to prepare for a switch to a Latin-based alphabet from a Cyrillic one, distancing itself, at least graphically, from Russia. The oil-rich former Soviet republic of 18 million has very close ties with Moscow, its main trading partner, but is also wary of Russia s ambitions to maintain its political influence throughout the region. Kazakh, a Turkic language, used to be written in Arabic script until the 1920s when the Soviet Union briefly introduced a Latin alphabet for it. This was later replaced by a Cyrillic one in 1940, based on the Russian alphabet. Part of the latest switch relates to modern technology. The currently used Cyrillic alphabet has 42 symbols, making it cumbersome to use with digital devices - a standard Kazakh keyboard utilizes almost all number keys in addition to letter and punctuation keys. The latest version of the proposed Latin alphabet works around that by using apostrophe signs to modify letters. The country s official name would thus be spelled as Qazaqstan Respy blikasy. According to a statement published by Nazarbayev s office, he has ordered his chief of staff to draft an executive order introducing the new alphabet. The switch will be gradual, it said. Alhough Kazakh has been the state language since Kazakhstan became independent in 1991, only 62 percent of the population said they were fluent in both written and spoken Kazakh during a the most recent national census in 2009. Russian is more widespread with 85 percent claiming fluency in the same census. Russian is recognized as an official language in Kazakhstan. Several other Turkic nations, including Turkey itself, ex-Soviet Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan, have also switched to Latin alphabets. ",1
16332,"Australian court rules deputy PM ineligible for parliament, government loses majority","CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australia s High Court ruled on Friday that Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is ineligible to remain in parliament, a stunning decision that cost the government its one-seat parliamentary majority and forced a by-election. The Australian dollar fell a quarter of a U.S. cent after the unexpected decision. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said he accepted the court s ruling, even though it was  clearly not the outcome we were hoping for . Turnbull did not name a new deputy leader during a short news conference in Canberra soon after the court s ruling. The Australian leader had been scheduled to travel to Israel on Saturday for a week-long visit but a spokesman for Turnbull told Reuters his departure has now been delayed. The spokesman said the new travel arrangements are still be finalised. Turnbull s center-right coalition is now in a precarious position. His Liberal Party is the senior party in a coalition with the smaller National Party, which Joyce led. He must now win the support of one of three independent lawmakers to keep his minority government afloat, with two sitting weeks of parliament left until it recesses for the year. At least two independent lawmakers have promised their support. Independent MP Bob Katter told Reuters he would support the government, but he may reconsider that if the coalition tried to block renewed efforts for a sweeping investigation into the scandal-ridden financial system.  I think we have the numbers for a commission into the banks and, if the government tries to block that, then I think we will get into murky waters,  Katter said. The opposition Labor Party immediately went on the attack and threatened to launch a legal challenge to every decision made by Joyce since last year s election. Joyce was one of a group of lawmakers, known as the  Citizenship Seven , whose eligibility to sit in parliament was thrown into doubt in recent months when it was found they were dual citizens, a status that is barred for politicians under Australia s constitution to prevent split allegiances. Turnbull is under added pressure because he refused to force Joyce to step aside while his case was considered by the High Court. Joyce, whose New England electorate is in rural New South Wales state, renounced his dual New Zealand citizenship in August.  ... the business of government goes on,  Turnbull said as he confirmed that the New England by-election would be held on Dec. 2. Joyce confirmed he would stand in the by-election, which polling shows he has a strong chance of winning.   It is a tough game, politics,  Joyce told reporters in the rural town of Tamworth in his electorate.  You take the hits and the sacrifices.  Acting Labor leader Tanya Plibersek said Turnbull had shown  reckless judgment  in keeping Joyce on the front bench during the court challenge.  We are deeply concerned that Australia is facing a period of uncertainty because this prime minister has insisted on keeping ministers on his front bench who have been not only ineligible to be ministers but ineligible to be in the parliament,  Plibersek said. The Australian dollar fell as low as $0.7623 after the ruling to a level not seen since July 11. It pared some of those losses to last trade at $0.7639 as investors considered Joyce s chances of re-election.  It could dent business sentiment, which has been holding up pretty well,  said Shane Oliver, chief economist at AMP Capital.  Should that take a dent, investment and employment could be impacted,  he said. All seven lawmakers accepted that they were dual nationals at the time of their election but claimed they were unaware of their status. Some were conferred a second nationality by birth, others by descent.  Of the remaining six, who were from the coalition and minority parties, four were also found ineligible to hold parliamentary office. Some had already resigned. All were senators, which meant seats in the upper house of parliament could be assigned to party alternatives if they were ruled ineligible, rather than hold more by-elections. Australian Solicitor-General Stephen Donaghue had urged the seven justices of the High Court not to interpret the constitution literally. He argued that five of the seven, including three Cabinet members, should be cleared because they were unaware that they had contravened the constitutional requirement at the time. ",1
16333,"U.N. rights chief decries hunger in Syrian siege, demands aid access","GENEVA (Reuters) - The humanitarian situation in the besieged eastern suburbs of Damascus is  an outrage  and parties to the conflict must allow food and medicine to reach at least 350,000 trapped Syrians, U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said on Friday.  The shocking images of what appear to be severely malnourished children that have emerged in recent days are a frightening indication of the plight of people in Eastern Ghouta, who are now facing a humanitarian emergency,  Zeid said in a statement. The tightening siege has pushed people to the verge of famine in the rebel enclave, residents and aid workers have told Reuters.  I remind all parties that the deliberate starvation of civilians as a method of warfare constitutes a clear violation of international humanitarian law, and may amount to a crime against humanity and/or a war crime,  Zeid said. Zeid s office had a list of several hundred people who needed medical evacuation, but the government had reportedly imposed severe restrictions on such evacuations, leading to the deaths of several civilians, the U.N. statement said.  A U.N. convoy last reached the besieged area on Sept 23, with aid for 25,000 people. Food prices have rocketed since forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad took control of several neighborhoods in May and destroyed tunnels that had been used to smuggle goods into the siege. This month they closed Eastern Ghouta s main access checkpoint and imposed a big rise in taxes imposed on traders. Last week two food warehouses were looted in  a possible sign of growing desperation , the U.N. statement said. ",1
16334,"Twitter bans ads from two Russian media outlets, cites election meddling","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Twitter Inc on Thursday accused Russian media outlets Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik of interfering in the 2016 U.S. election and banned them from buying ads on its network, after criticism the social network had not done enough to deter international meddling.  RT and Sputnik condemned the decision, saying Twitter had encouraged ad spending with its sales tactics, while Russia s foreign ministry said the ban was due to U.S. government pressure and that it planned to retaliate.  San Francisco-based Twitter said in an unsigned statement on its website that election meddling is  not something we want  on the social network. It cited a report this year from U.S. intelligence agencies and said it had also done its own investigations of RT and Sputnik.  We did not come to this decision lightly, and are taking this step now as part of our ongoing commitment to help protect the integrity of the user experience on Twitter,  the company said. Twitter, Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc s Google have all recently detected that suspected Russian operatives used their platforms last year to purchase ads and post content that was politically divisive. Russia has denied interfering in the election. Twitter said it would take the estimated $1.9 million it had earned from RT global advertising since 2011 and donate the money  to support external research into the use of Twitter in civic engagement and elections.  The company said it would allow RT and Sputnik to maintain regular, non-ad Twitter accounts in accordance with its rules. RT, an English-language news channel, accused Twitter s sales staff of pressuring it to spend big on advertising in 2016 ahead of the election.   The more money RT spent, the bigger the reach to American voters that Twitter would provide,  RT said, describing the Twitter sales pitch. It said it never  pursued an agenda of influencing the U.S. election through any platforms, including Twitter.  Twitter declined to comment on any discussions with advertisers. A former Twitter employee said the sales pitch to RT is similar to what the company uses to lure advertisers to Twitter, which has struggled to turn a profit.  On Thursday, Twitter said it may become profitable for the first time next quarter after slashing expenses and ramping up deals to sell its data to other companies, which could help to break its reliance on advertising for revenue. Facebook and Google did not immediately respond to questions about whether they would limit Russia media ad spending. In April, Reuters reported that RT and Sputnik were part of a plan by Russian President Vladimir Putin to swing the U.S. presidential election to Donald Trump and undermine voters  faith in the American electoral system, according to three current and four former U.S. officials. On Oct. 19, U.S. lawmakers, alarmed that foreign entities used the internet to influence last year s election, introduced legislation to extend rules governing political advertising on broadcast television, radio and satellite to also cover social media. General counsels for Twitter, Facebook and Google will testify on Nov. 1 before public hearings of the Senate and House intelligence committees on alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election.   Twitter is wisely positioning itself to be able to tell the committees that the company has taken steps to address the issues raised,  Adam Sharp, a former Twitter executive, told Reuters on Thursday. The Russian foreign ministry said the ban was a  gross violation  by the United States of the guarantees of free speech.   Retaliatory measures, naturally, will follow,  ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said, according to the RIA news agency. Sputnik, a news agency, said on its website that Twitter s move was regrettable,  especially now that Russia had vowed retaliatory measures against the U.S. media.   Some analysts said transparency, rather than a ban, would have been a better approach. Unlike Facebook, Twitter allows anonymous accounts and automated accounts, or bots, making the service more difficult to police.   Banning any particular person, group or country is just bad policy - in other parts of the world, platforms will come to be viewed as a tool of U.S. or other foreign policy and it will give authoritarian regimes more excuses to ban speech,  Albert Gidari, who as a lawyer has represented tech companies, said in an email. Gidari is now privacy director at Stanford Law School s Center for Internet and Society.  A U.S. lawmaker, Representative Adam Schiff, applauded Twitter s move.   Serving as a platform for free expression does not require assisting foreign powers in their efforts to push propaganda, whether by promoted tweets or other means,  Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said in a statement. ",1
16335,"Brexit talks cannot move to phase 2 without border clarity, Ireland says","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Britain s talks on exiting the European Union cannot progress, as London wishes, to cover trade relations until it gives more clarity on what will happen at the border with Ireland, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Friday.  On the border issue, I m sorry but we need more clarity than we have right now. We cannot move ahead to phase 2 on the back of a promise that we don t see any delivery mechanism to make a reality,  Coveney told a conference. ",1
16336,Angola's new president takes surprise steps to rein in dos Santos,"LUANDA (Reuters) - Angola s new President Jo o Louren o is making swift moves to wrest power from his predecessor Jose Eduardo dos Santos, pushing out some of his key allies and vowing to combat monopolies controlled by a family that has run Angola for four decades. Dos Santos, 75, handpicked Louren o, 63, to succeed him when he stepped down last month after 38 years in power, prompting critics to suggest the little-known newcomer would be a puppet of the dominant dos Santos family. But analysts, diplomats and politicians have been surprised by the speed at which Louren o has tried to take on some of the entrenched vested interests that control sub-Saharan Africa s third largest economy and second biggest oil exporter. Heavyweights from the previous administration, such as Vice President Manuel Vicente and Minister of State Manuel  Kopelipa  H lder Vieira Dias Jr, have found themselves out of a job. Dos Santos still retains significant power as the head of the ruling MPLA party, and key posts such as the finance minister and central bank governor have not yet been touched. But in the vital oil sector, responsible for 75 percent of government revenue, Louren o curbed the control of dos Santos  daughter, Isabel, who runs national oil company Sonangol. This month Louren o appointed Carlos Saturnino, who was sacked by Isabel dos Santos last year, as Secretary of State for Oil, a technically more senior role than that of his old boss.   It was unexpected at this early stage,  said Marcolino Moco, a former Angolan prime minister and critic of Jose Eduardo dos Santos.   It s very early still, but Louren o is sending a sign that the excesses of the dos Santos era will not continue.  Isabel dos Santos, Africa s richest woman, denied any tension with Louren o, telling Reuters last week that their views were in  full alignment . In his state of the nation address on October 16, Louren o vowed to break up monopolies in the economy, directly mentioning the cement industry in which Isabel and her husband have large holdings. He also abolished government communications department GRECIMA, with which a company co-owned by another dos Santos daughter, Welwitschia, had lucrative contracts. The company, Semba Comunica o, could not be reached for comment.  Breaking the monopolies enjoyed by the dos Santos family would be going for the jugular,  said Ricardo Soares de Oliveira, an author and expert on Angola who teaches at Oxford University.   But there is a danger of confusing a vendetta against dos Santos with a true reform agenda,  Oliveira said. Major reform is desperately needed. Although an oil boom has made Angola one of Africa s richest countries per capita, it is also one of the world s most unequal, with the vast majority of the population sharing little of its wealth. Angola s economy fell into recession last year and unemployment is at least 25 percent. A lack of foreign currency has forced companies, such as airlines and oil services, to pull back operations. A dollar fetches three times the official rate on the black market. Ratings agency Moody s downgraded Angola s credit rating last week, saying the economy remained constrained by foreign currency shortages, high inflation, low public spending and a weak banking system. There are early indications Louren o may be placing capable technocrats into roles to fix some of these problems. Ricardo Viegas de Abreu, a banking executive and former deputy governor of the central bank, was appointed last week Presidential Secretary for Economic Affairs.  Jos  Massano, a former central bank governor popular with international investors, could return to his old job, local media reported Wednesday. A spokesperson for the central bank declined to comment. For Louren o s opponents the jury is still out.  We re still in the phase of promises  action hasn t brought us anything yet,  Adalberto Costa J nior, parliamentary head of main opposition party Unita, told Reuters. ",1
16337,U.S sanctions North Koreans for 'flagrant' rights abuse,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on seven North Korean individuals and three entities for  flagrant  human rights abuses, including killings, torture, forced labor and the hunting down of asylum seekers abroad.  Today s sanctions target the North Korean military and regime officials,  U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement.  We also are targeting North Korean financial facilitators who attempt to keep the regime afloat with foreign currency earned through forced labor operations.  Among those sanctioned were the director and the deputy director of the Military Security Command, the first vice minister of the Ministry of People s Security and the labor minister. North Korea s consul general in Shenyang, China, and a diplomat at its embassy in Vietnam were also sanctioned.  We are especially concerned with the North Korean military, which operates as secret police, punishing all forms of dissent,  the statement said.  Further, the military operates outside of North Korea to hunt down asylum seekers, and brutally detains and forcibly returns North Korean citizens.  The Treasury statement charged that Ku Sung Sop, the consul general in Shenyang, and Kim Min Chol, the diplomat in Vietnam, had participated in the forced repatriation of North Korean asylum seekers.  Scott Busby, the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, told a news briefing that Ku s case had been raised with China. He said it was up to China how to react, but the range of possibilities included expelling him from the country. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China does not approve of countries using their own domestic law to enact unilateral sanctions outside of the United Nations framework.  We will maintain normal exchanges and cooperation with North Korea on the basis of complying with U.N. resolutions,  he told a daily news briefing, without elaborating. Busby said North Korean government violations included extrajudicial killings, torture, rape and forced abortions and the aim of the sanctions was to send a message, especially to prison camp managers and mid-level officials, that individuals would be held accountable. The U.S. administration has sought to restrict the income North Korea receives from its export of labor as part of efforts to choke off funds helping to finance the country s nuclear and missile programs, which Pyongyang says are aimed at developing weapons capable of hitting the United States. North Korea routinely denies widespread allegations of rights abuses. The Treasury statement said the Ch olhyo n Overseas Construction Company, which was sanctioned along with the Military Security Command and the External Construction Bureau, had operated in Algeria and was reported to earn foreign currency for North Korea.  Employees of Ch olhyo n are kept in slave-like conditions, including having salaries and passports withheld by (North Korean) security officials assigned as site supervisors, meager food rations, poor living conditions, and severe restrictions on their freedom of movement,  the Treasury statement said. It said the External Construction Bureau had operated in Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates. ",1
16338,North Korea to release captured South Korea fishing boat Friday: KCNA,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said it will release a South Korean fishing vessel on Friday for humanitarian reasons after the boat was found  illegally  in waters under the North s control six days ago, North Korean state news agency KCNA said. The boat and its crew had been captured on Oct. 21 and they will be released  at the designated waters of the military boundary line in the East Sea (38 39 20  latitude, 128 38 10 longitude) at 1800 on Oct. 27,  the news agency report said.  North Korea had reached its decision to release the South Korean boat after  taking into account the fact that all the crewmen honestly admitted their offence, repeatedly apologizing and asking for leniency,  the report said in English. An investigation by the North had  proved  the boat and crew had entered North Korean waters for fishing. North Korean fishing boats, because of age or low fuel, have been found drifting south of the maritime border between the two Koreas at times. Most North Korean crew are released to the North after interrogations by intelligence officials if they wish to return. It is more unusual for South Korean fishing vessels to be found under similar circumstances. The South Korean government could not be immediately reached for comment. ",1
16339,"Imran Khan's PTI retains seat in by-election, but new religious parties gain","PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan s opposition Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party, led by former cricket hero Imran Khan, swept to a comfortable by-election victory on the edge of the northwestern city of Peshawar, though its majority was trimmed by new hardline religious parties. PTI candidate Arbab Amir Ayub clinched 45,631 votes, about 34.8 percent of the total, on Thursday to ensure PTI kept the parliamentary seat in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) that it governs.  The by-election was seen as a litmus test of PTI s popularity in KP, where it has focused on police, health and education reforms in contrast to the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party betting on road and energy infrastructure projects. Khan, the PTI chairman, touted the victory as a  direct vote of confidence  in his party s performance governing KP since the 2013 election, when it won the National Assembly seat, known as Peshawar NA-4, with a majority of about 40 percent. The next general election is due in mid-2018 but Khan has called for early polls after PML-N leader and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was toppled in July by a Supreme Court disqualification over an undeclared source of income. Analysts say Khan s chances of becoming prime minister have been boosted by Sharif s ouster, and the sportsman has doubled down on his populist message by saying he will pull the country away from infrastructure spending towards improving schools, hospitals and the lives of the poor.  Most of the youngsters like Imran Khan and believe he can steer the country out of crisis and stop corruption,  said Zahid Hussain, a government contractor.    Awami National Party (ANP) candidate Khushdil Khan secured 24,830 votes, or 18.9 percent of the total, to pip PML-N s Nasir Khan Musazai, who won 23,169 votes to finish third. Khushdil Khan s showing will hearten the ANP, whose candidates barely campaigned in 2013 as the Pakistani Taliban targeted and killed many of its leaders and activists in KP. But it was the performance of two new hardline religious parties that caught the eye of political observers.  Muhammad Shafiq Ameeni, a candidate for the Tehreek-i-Labaik party, won 7.6 percent of the ballot campaigning on a platform of support for Pakistan s strict blasphemy laws that are already some of the world s harshest. Labaik supporters have spread their hardline message, including the notion that those who commit blasphemy against Islam should be killed, through mosques and seminaries. Syed Moharram Shah, a Labaik activist, said the party was surprised it captured 9,060 votes because it wasn t fully prepared for the election.  This is our first attempt but look at people s response. It s very much encouraging,  he said. Alhaj Liaqat Ali Khan, an independent candidate backed by the Milli Muslim League (MML) party, loyal to Hafiz Saeed, an Islamist under house arrest, obtained 3,557 votes. Washington accuses Saeed of being the mastermind behind the 2008 attacks in the Indian city of Mumbai that killed 166 people, and has placed a $10 million bounty on his head. Saeed denies the charge. Last month, candidates backed by Labaik and MML won about 11 percent of the ballot in a by-election for Sharif s vacated seat in a by-election in the eastern city of Lahore.  ",1
16340,Mattis says no change in U.S. policy to protect South Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday there has been no change in U.S. policy protecting South Korea, in the face of missile and nuclear threats from the reclusive North, after a meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in. In a press release distributed by South Korea s presidential office after the meeting, Mattis was also cited as saying North Korea s obsession with its weapons programs presented a threat to the United States as well as South Korea. ",1
16341,South Korea says U.S. strategic assets have been helpful deterring North Korea,SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Friday the  aggressive deployment  of U.S. strategic assets on the Korean peninsula has been effective in deterring North Korea s provocations. Moon made the comment in opening remarks ahead of a closed-door meeting with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis in Seoul. ,1
16342,Cambodian PM says sanctions wouldn't hurt him,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen told his cabinet on Friday he had no fear of Western sanctions after some U.S. senators threatened to push for travel restrictions over his arrest of the main opposition leader, the government spokesman said. Hun Sen s critics accuse him of destroying democracy in Cambodia to ensure that he wins re-election next year to extend more than 32 years in power. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz said he would push for a travel ban on top officials if opposition leader Kem Sokha is not freed by Nov. 9. Senators John McCain and Dick Durbin have also called for travel restrictions if the crackdown continues. Hun Sen told a weekly cabinet meeting that sanctions by Western donors don t worry him, the government spokesman said.  Samdech said he doesn t have wealth abroad and there is no necessity for him to step on U.S. soil,  Phay Siphan told Reuters, using Hun Sen s official title.  Kem Sokha was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason. He is accused of plotting to take power with the help of unspecified Americans - an accusation he denies. The government has also asked the courts to dissolve Kem Sokha s Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) and Hun Sen has called on its members of parliament and other elected officials to defect to his Cambodian People s Party (CPP). Pro-government media said one parliamentarian and some local councillors had defected. Kem Sokha s daughter Monovithya Kem said that if he were not released and the pressure ended on the CNRP, it would mean that next year s election would lack legitimacy.  Hun Sen s government cannot survive without that legitimacy,  she told Reuters.  Cambodia would become a pariah state if the government doesn t reverse course soon.  Western countries have called for the release of Kem Sokha and have intensified lobbying. In an unusually direct statement from Japan, visiting vice minister for foreign affairs Iwao Horii called on Thursday for a free and fair election next year. Japan is Cambodia s biggest aid donor after China.  He expressed the expectation that Cambodia s next national election will be conducted in a free and fair manner,  Hironori Suzuki, Counsellor at the Japanese Embassy, said in an email to Reuters.  He expected that the general election would be held in a way that the international community will welcome.  Hun Sen has been increasingly isolated from Western donor pressure by his strong relationship with China, which has become by far the biggest giver of foreign aid as well as the biggest investor in Cambodia. ",1
16343,"Japanese girl says school forced her to dye hair black, sues government: media","TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese teenager is suing the government of Osaka, saying her public high school repeatedly forced her to dye her naturally-brown hair black or be banned from attending school, local media reported on Friday. In a lawsuit filed in Osaka District Court, the 18-year-old girl said her mother informed Kaifukan School in Habikino city upon her enrolment that she was born with brownish hair, as the school had a policy banning hair coloring, media reported. Educators, however, instructed her to color her hair black, telling her repeatedly that the dye job was insufficient and forcing her to  either dye the hair black or quit school , Kyodo news reported, citing the lawsuit. The girl has not attended school since September 2016, suffered pain and irritation from the hair dye, and is seeking damages of about 2.2 million yen ($19,300), said media, adding that Osaka prefecture is asking the court to reject the claim. Masahiko Takahashi, head of Kaifukan School, said he could not comment directly on the case, but noted the school s policy prohibiting students from dyeing or bleaching hair. He declined to say whether it was permissible to dye brown hair to black. The girl could not be reached for comment. In Japan, where conformity is the cultural norm, many schools have strict rules about hair color, accessories, make-up and uniforms, including the length of skirts for girls. ",1
16344,Late Thai king's remains returned to palace after night of tears,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The ashes and bones of Thailand s King Bhumibol Adulyadej were returned to the palace on Friday as part of an elaborate, five-day cremation ceremony that drew hundreds of thousands of black-clad mourners to Bangkok s historic old quarter. King Bhumibol was the world s longest-reigning monarch when he died a year ago aged 88. His seven-decade rule spanned some of the most tumultuous moments in modern Thai history, including several coups, a deadly crackdown on student protesters, natural disasters and a regional financial crisis. His son, new King Maha Vajiralongkorn, presided over the burning of his father s remains in a golden crematorium at a late-night ceremony in the Thai capital on Thursday. Many mourners stayed to watch as smoke rose from the crematorium. Some broke down in tears. The crowds had diminished on Friday, but thousands of people still lined the streets to glimpse what they could of a ceremony that in total cost $90 million.  I can t express my sadness at the loss. It s like a child longing for a parent,  said Boonpherm Buatho, 56, a housekeeper. Shielded from the sun by a large white-and-gold umbrella, King Vajiralongkorn led a religious ceremony to return his father s remains to the palace. He sprinkled the bones with sacred water as classical Thai music played. The remains were blessed by Thailand s Supreme Patriarch, the head of the order of Buddhist monks. The late king s bones will be taken to the Grand Palace, where he had lain in state since his death last October. Although Thailand does not conduct polls on the monarchy s popularity - partly because of strict laws that protect the royal family from insult - the king built up a wide personal following and is often referred to as  father . The ceremony on Thursday brought Thailand to a standstill as many businesses, including banks, shut to honor the late king. The late king s nine-spired crematorium, built to honor the ninth king of the Chakri Dynasty, features intricate carvings and staircases with sculptures of nagas - a half-human, half- cobra beings - among other mythical creatures. Pictures of mourners wearing black and holding photographs of the late king flooded social media in Thailand, with many using popular hashtags such as #rama9, #kingofkings, and #thegreatestking. On Saturday, a religious ceremony for the late king s remains will take place within the palace. On Sunday, the bones will be transferred to the palace hall where the relics of past kings are kept. A procession will then take his ashes from the palace to be divided between the temples of Wat Rajabopidh and Wat Bovoranives. The first of those temples contains the ashes of many royals. The second is where King Bhumibol was ordained as a monk - a tradition for many Thai men - and is the center of the strict Thammayut sect founded by the late king s great grandfather. For an interactive graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2leWzcQ ",1
16345,Philippine mobile phone trader 'collected funds' for Marawi attackers,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine security forces have arrested a mobile phone trader suspected of collecting funds to help finance pro-Islamic State militants who took over a southern city for five months, police said on Friday. Rasdi Malawani, 42, was paraded in front of the press a day after security forces raided his home in Manila s northern suburbs, where a rocket-propelled grenade and a pistol were seized, Manila police chief Oscar Albayalde said. Malawani was not allowed to speak to reporters and no defense lawyer was present. The military on Monday declared victory over the Maute group, which seized control in Marawi City on May 23, after killing the last 40 remaining militants. More than 1,100 people, including 165 soldiers, were killed in the conflict.  Malawani is the brother-in-law of Maddie Maute, one of the Maute brothers who planned and carried out the Marawi attacks, according to police. They said he had given about 300,000 pesos ($5,800) a month for four months to his sister, Lily. The funds were collected from dozens of tenants of Salaam Bazaar, a mobile phone, accessories and electronic market owned by Farhana Maute, the jailed family matriarch, in a shopping mall in Quezon City, police said. Malawani had been running the business for her.  He is facilitating terrorist financing,  Albayalde said.  He is based here in Manila and is not involved in the fighting. He is considered a supporter and sympathizer.  President Rodrigo Duterte, in a speech before an association of professionals late on Thursday, warned of possible retaliation from militants after the military s victory in Marawi.  Retaliation and vengeance are not far-fetched,  Duterte said.  May I just remind you to be vigilant and always be aware that extremism is the problem of the planet today.  Philippine military chief General Eduardo Ano said on Monday Islamist militants who attacked Marawi on May 23 had received some $1.5 million from Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in January. ($1 = 52 pesos) ",1
16346,Australian PM says business as usual despite citizenship crisis,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday the  business of government goes on  despite a citizenship crisis that ousted his deputy and cost the government its parliamentary majority.  Australia s High Court ruled earlier on Friday that Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce and four other lawmakers are ineligible to remain in parliament because they held dual citizenship at the time of the last election. [S9N1LR006]  The decision of the court today is clearly not the outcome we were hoping for but the business of government goes on,  Turnbull told reporters in Canberra. Turnbull confirmed that a by-election would be held in Joyce s seat on Dec. 2. ",1
16347,Airlines get ready for new U.S. security rules from Thursday," (This October 25 story has been refiled to clarify that IATA CEO remarks referred to March rules) By David Shepardson and Jamie Freed WASHINGTON/TAIPEI (Reuters) - New security measures including stricter passenger screening take effect on Thursday on all U.S.-bound flights to comply with government requirements aimed at responding to threats of hidden explosives, airlines said. Airlines contacted by Reuters said the new measures could include short security interviews with passengers at check-in or the boarding gate, sparking concerns over flight delays and extended processing time. They will affect 325,000 airline passengers on about 2,100 commercial flights arriving daily in the United States, on 180 airlines from 280 airports in 105 countries. U.S. Transportation Security Administration officials are giving some airlines or airports additional time to comply with the new interviews as long the U.S. government has approved security plans by Thursday.  TSA will continue to work closely with our aviation partners and verify that all security enhancements are accurately implemented,  TSA spokeswoman Lucy Martinez said in a statement Wednesday. The United States announced the new rules in June to end its restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes coming from 10 airports in eight countries in the Middle East and North Africa in response to concerns that explosives could be hidden in electronic devices. Those restrictions were lifted in July, but the Trump administration said it could reimpose measures on a case by case basis if airlines and airports did not boost security.   European and U.S. officials said at the time that airlines had 120 days to comply with the measures, including increased passenger screening. The 120-day deadline is Thursday. Airlines had until late July to expand explosive trace detection testing.  We see this as a big issue for China Airlines,  Steve Chang, senior vice president of the Taiwanese firm told reporters on Wednesday, adding the airline was trying to consult with the American Institute in the country over the issue.  Korean Airlines, South Korea s flagship carrier, also said it had a lot of concerns with the new measures.   We are asking customers to show up at the airport early ... It s just inconvenient for the passengers,  President and Chief Operating Officer Walter Cho told Reuters in Taipei. Lufthansa Group said on Tuesday the measures would be in place by Thursday and travelers could face short interviews at check-in or at the gate.  Economy passengers on Lufthansa s Swiss airline have been asked to check in at least 90 minutes before departure.  Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd said it would suspend in-town check-in and self bag-drop services for passengers booked on direct flights to the United States. The airline said passengers would also have short security interviews and it has advised travelers to arrive three hours before departure. Singapore Airlines Ltd said the security checks could include inspections of personal electronic devices as well as security questioning during check-in and boarding. Airlines for America, a U.S. trade group, said the changes   are complex security measures  but praised U.S. officials for giving airlines flexibility in meeting the new rules. Alexandre de Juniac, CEO of the International Air Transport Association, said the industry understood security threats to aviation were made regularly but in this case the U.S. government had not shared any specific dangers before announcing the initial Middle East and North Africa electronic device restrictions in March.  What we have seen is very strange,  he told reporters in Taipei.  Unilateral measures announced without any prior consultation... That is something that is very concerning and disturbing.   Airlines were however consulted after the March changes. At their annual meeting in Taipei, Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA) members passed a resolution calling for security measures to be risk-based, outcome-focused and proportionate to the probable threat.   Unilateral actions taken by individual governments reacting to emerging threats may result in unnecessary disruption or lead to unintended safety consequences,  said the members. AAPA includes most large Asian airlines but not mainland Chinese carriers.  The risk is other countries make similar demands,  AAPA Director General Andrew Herdman said. U.S. authorities in June also ordered increased security around aircraft and in passenger areas, and other places where travelers can be cleared by U.S. officials before they depart and ordered enhanced screening of personal electronic devices. Some of those new requirements take effect this week as well. The TSA said in July it was imposing new security rules requiring U.S. domestic airline travelers to remove all electronic items larger than mobile phones such as tablets, e-readers and video game consoles from carry-on baggage for screening. ",1
16348,Australian deputy PM says he respects court decision that ruled him ineligible for parliament,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce said on Friday he respected a High Court verdict that ruled he was ineligible to sit in parliament because he held dual citizenship, a decision that cost the government it s one-seat majority.  I respect the verdict of the court,  Joyce told reporters in the rural New South Wales town of Tamworth.  It s a pretty simple story, we re off to a by-election.  ",1
16349,"Trump's defense chief, at DMZ: 'Our goal is not war'","PANMUNJOM, KOREAN DEMILITARIZED ZONE,  (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis peered across South Korea s heavily fortified border with the North on Friday, saying America s goal was not to wage war with Pyongyang but to convince leader Kim Jong Un to give up his nuclear arsenal.  North Korean provocations continue to threaten regional and global security despite unanimous condemnation by the United Nations Security Council,  Mattis said in prepared remarks as he visited the demilitarized zone (DMZ) dividing the peninsula.  As Secretary of State Tillerson has made clear, our goal is not war, but rather the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.   ",1
16350,'Like a roar': Dozens killed in blasts at Indonesia fireworks plant,"KOSAMBI, Indonesia (Reuters) - Two explosions tore through a fireworks factory on the outskirts of Indonesia s capital on Thursday, killing at least 47 people and injuring dozens. It was one of Indonesia s worst industrial disasters and is likely to cast a new spotlight on lax safety standards in the Southeast Asian country, where rules are often ignored or weakly enforced. Workers had no time to escape from the plant in Tangerang, an industrial and manufacturing hub to the west of Jakarta, after the explosions that one neighbor described as a  roar  that could be heard miles away. A video of the scene inside the warehouse, widely shared on social media, showed charred bodies sprawled about the burnt-out factory, and Reuters reporters at the scene saw grass scorched over an area about 10 meters (33 feet) from the site.  People were burned so badly you couldn t see their faces ... It was really bad,  said search and rescue official Deden Nurjaman, who expected the death toll to climb as more bodies were found inside the factory. Fireworks are frequently used in Indonesia for religious and other celebrations, and are widely available. There have been a series of major fires in Indonesia this year, including one that engulfed one of Jakarta s main markets. Thick, dark plumes of smoke billowed from the factory through the afternoon as an inferno took hold. As night fell, the PT Panca Buana Cahaya Sukses warehouse was still smoldering and there was a stench of chemicals and burning plastic. Jakarta police spokesman Argo Yuwono told Metro Television that 47 bodies had been discovered, 46 people were injured and 10 people were unaccounted for. He said the missing might have left with light injuries or not have been working at the time. One of the first policemen on the scene, Raymond Masengi, told Metro TV that he and other officers had to smash holes in the factory wall to help the injured escape. Fiza, a doctor in the emergency unit at Tangerang General Hospital, said he was treating seven people, some of them with burns to more than 80 percent of their bodies. Three were in critical condition. A nearby mosque held prayers for the victims. Forensic police worked in fading light to examine the debris, setting up a few floodlights to try and establish the cause of the blaze.  Yuwono said police were looking into the permit of the factory, which was close to a school and housing and - according to media reports - had been operating for only two months.     A witness who lives around the corner from the factory said she heard an explosion  like a roar .  I dressed and stepped outside the house, and saw the flames, they were almost in my face. The smoke, the heat was in my face. I panicked, I was scared, I picked up my son and ran away from the fire,  said Kartini, 40, who uses one name, like many Indonesians. Hundreds of children at a school just 100 meters (yards) from the factory jumped in terror over a wall as the explosions boomed, dropping books and bags in their haste to get away.  Science teacher Asep Mahmud, 47, said:  There were several small explosions and then one really big one that shook our buildings and desks.   (This story has been refiled to correct typo in second paragraph) ",1
16351,Mexican prosecutor says he was unjustly fired as graft dispute brews," (This version of the Oct. 25  story corrects story to change name to Emilio Lozoya in paragraph three) MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A prosecutor who led an investigation into a graft scandal involving the campaign of Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Wednesday he was fired without justification, as the Senate prepares to vote on whether to reinstate him. Mexico s acting attorney general fired Santiago Nieto, the attorney general for election-related crimes, last week on grounds that he broke a code of conduct.  His summary dismissal came just days after an explosive interview with newspaper Reforma in which Nieto accused Emilio Lozoya, the former boss of state oil firm Pemex and a senior member of Pena Nieto s 2012 campaign team, of writing to him to ask that he be declared innocent of funneling Odebrecht cash into the president s campaign. Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht is at the heart of a Brazilian bribery and kickback probe, known as Lava Jato or Car Wash, that has reverberated across Latin America. Javier Coello Trejo, Lozoya s lawyer, said on Wednesday he had filed two criminal complaints against Nieto, alleging the former prosecutor had violated laws governing criminal proceedings, broadcaster Televisa reported.  Nieto s firing angered opposition politicians and has even threatened to delay discussions among lawmakers about next year s budget.  In Wednesday s television interview, Nieto denied breaking any rules, or revealing any sensitive information.  I didn t violate any code of ethics,  said Nieto, who was leading the probe targeting both Lozoya and the president s campaign. The Senate is due to vote in coming days on whether to reinstate Nieto, but it is still not clear when the vote will be and if it will be public.  In a sign of how tempers have frayed over the issue, opposition lawmakers have promised to delay voting on the 2018 budget until Nieto s case is resolved. The dispute is complicating efforts to shake off graft allegations that could hurt the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) ahead of next year s presidential election. Nieto could not be reached immediately for comment on Wednesday. Both the president and Lozoya, his close ally, have previously denied involvement in any wrongdoing related to the 2012 campaign. Mindful that corruption has become a key issue in the 2018 election, the PRI has overseen the arrest of various former state governors. Lozoya poses a more difficult challenge, given his proximity to the president. Opposition lawmakers have also criticized a decision by the Senate s governance body to hold the Nieto vote in private, vowing to appeal against the ruling. ",1
16352,South Korea says will accept release of South Korean fishing boat from North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea said on Friday it will accept the release of a South Korean fishing boat captured by North Korea later in the day, with a government spokesman saying it is  a relief  the crewmen on board would be returned. The South s Unification Ministry s spokesman Baik Tae-hyun said the North s message via its state agency early on Friday was the first contact Seoul had received regarding the vessel, Baik told a regular media briefing. The fishing boat, which left port on Oct. 16, had been reported as missing from Oct. 21 and relevant authorities had been searching for the vessel, Baik added. North Korea said it had captured the boat on Oct. 21 and will release it at 0930 GMT on Friday in waters off the east coast. ",1
16353,Tillerson tells Myanmar army chief U.S. concerned about reported atrocities,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Thursday with Myanmar s army chief and expressed concern over reported atrocities against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Tillerson urged the army chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, to support the Myanmar government in ending the violence and allowing the safe return of ethnic Rohingya who have fled the area, the statement said. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine state in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, mostly to neighboring Bangladesh, since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown. The State Department is considering formally declaring the crackdown on Rohingya Muslims to be ethnic cleansing. In his call with Min Aung Hlaing, Tillerson also urged the Myanmar military to facilitate humanitarian aid for displaced people, allow media access and cooperate with a U.N. investigation into allegations of human rights abuses, the State Department said. Pressure has mounted for a tougher U.S. response to the Rohingya crisis ahead of President Donald Trump s maiden visit to Asia next month when he will attend a summit of Southeast Asian countries, including Myanmar, in Manila.  ",1
16354,'At the doors of starvation:' siege strangles Damascus suburbs,"EASTERN GHOUTA (Reuters) - A tightening siege has pushed people to the verge of famine in the eastern suburbs of Damascus, residents and aid workers say, bringing desperation to the only major rebel enclave near the Syrian capital. Cases of malnutrition among children have almost doubled in the last two months at one clinic in the suburbs, which have been under siege by Syrian government forces since 2013 but come under new pressure this year as tunnels used to smuggle in food have been cut off.   The child that we consider normal in Ghouta is the child whose weight is on the lowest end of the normal weight scale. We don t have fully healthy children. The main reason is the lack of food and nutrition,  said Dr Amani Ballour, a paediatrician.  There are children who we previously classified as at risk of malnutrition, who are now classified as medium-level acute malnutrition or extreme-level acute malnutrition cases.     At two and a half years old, Hala al-Nufi weighs less than five kilos (12 pounds). She suffers from a metabolic disorder, but a lack of adequate food has made the case extreme. Hala, her eyes hollow and her translucent skin stretching over her tiny bones, had gotten sicker in recent months, her parents said. They worry she will not survive the siege. Um Said, a mother of six, says she is too hungry to breast feed her six-month-old twins, Marwa and Safa.  I put the child to the breast, but there is no milk. I am not eating. I slept without supper last night,  she said.  Sometimes I hit myself against the wall,  she said.  For God s, sake open the road. In the name of the prophet, I kiss your hands and feet, open the road for us. We are going to die of hunger. We are eating from the trash bins.  At least 1,200 children in eastern Ghouta suffer from malnutrition, on the rise with 1,500 others at risk, a spokeswoman for the U.N. children s agency UNICEF said.  We could be at the doors of starvation, of a medical catastrophe,  said health worker Mahmoud al-Sheikh. He said children were not yet dying of hunger but could be soon.  God help the people in the coming time.  The army s advances in recent months have shrunk the rebel-held pocket in the densely populated area of satellite towns and farms east of the capital. Food, fuel and medicine once traveled across frontlines into the suburbs through a network of underground tunnels. But early this year, an army offensive nearby cut smuggling routes that provided a lifeline for around 300,000 people in the enclave. Supplies have barely entered in months. Shortages have sent prices soaring even higher. Residents and local aid workers say they fear the worst if nothing changes when the cold arrives and stocks run out. A kilogram of sugar now costs more than 5,000 Syrian pounds ($10.81 dollars), roughly 14 times the state-regulated price in nearby Damascus. Two malnourished babies died this week after the siege aggravated their illnesses, a local official said. Photos of one of them   a skeletal baby girl   brought widespread attention to a crisis that has been growing there for months. Linda Tom, a spokeswoman for the U.N. humanitarian affairs office (OCHA) in Syria, said the one-month-old girl, Sahar, had congenital abnormalities. Hunger worsened her condition, and the baby died of pneumonia.  Through a series of offensives and evacuation deals, the Damascus government has defeated opposition pockets around the capital. Eastern Ghouta has held out, but residents say there is now talk for the first time of agreeing to evacuate.  People are under pressure, they will erupt. There is no baby milk at all. Mothers and fathers are watching their children go hungry. They want a solution in any way, at any price,  said Adnan, 30, who runs a local aid group. Families relied on crops they harvested in the summer, and meagre food distributions from warehouses run by the opposition government based in Turkey, he said. Adnan s group had preserved and dried vegetables that it will distribute to 1,500 families next week, but besides that, its food aid has halted.  Even if I get funding, there are no goods to buy,  he said.  The eastern Ghouta has shut down. There is a state of paralysis.  The Wafideen crossing at the outskirts, where checkpoints allowed some goods to enter, has also been heavily restricted or shut, the U.N. and residents said. Only two aid convoys have reached the Ghouta since July, each with food and medicine for about 20 percent or less of the population.  In July, Moscow and rebels in the Ghouta signed a ceasefire that had sparked hopes of opening crossings and aid flowing into the suburbs. But residents say none of that has materialized. The  de-escalation  deal reduced the barrage of air strikes and artillery, but the siege only got harsher, they said. Fierce ground battles also rage on in some frontline districts. When people in the Ghouta learned of the deal and thought it would bring relief, many began using up their food reserves at home, said Khalil Aybour, head of the local council in the town of Douma.  After they saw it was all rumors,  he said,  the misery grew immensely.  ",1
16355,Pakistan's youthful population creates education challenges,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani private schools, charitable institutions, and religious seminaries are stepping in to supplement government-run schools to help deal with the education needs of a fast-growing nation with an estimated 50 million school-age children. Despite 220,000 schools nationwide, Pakistan has over 20 million out-of-school children, according to a 2016 government report. The government has pumped money into schooling, with the education budget swelling by 15 percent every year since 2010, according to education consultancy Alif Ailaan. The United Nations puts the current budget at 2.65 percent of GDP, roughly $8 billion, or around $150 per student.    But experts say the government can t meet all the education needs and part of the problem lies in quality of teaching rather than just dearth of money.  It s not the number of schools, it s the quality, the attitude,  said Zeba Hussain, founder of the Mashal Schools which educate children displaced by war in the country s north. Situated on the outskirts of Pakistan s capital Islamabad, the charitable schools began when Hussain met a group of refugee children while visiting the hills encircling the city.  Many private institutions criticize what they describe as a deeply flawed government education system.   Students are labeled  smart  or  stupid  right from the start,  said Shaista Kazmi from Vision 21, a privately-funded NGO that runs speed literacy programs for out-of-school children that compress five years of reading proficiency into one.  Federal education director Tariq Masood strongly disagreed with critiques of teachers, adding that population growth and funding were the biggest challenges faced by government schools.   No one who is underqualified can enter the government system, there are fewer checks in the private system,  Masood said.  Masood said government schools adhered to a nationwide curriculum that was being constantly reworked and innovated.  The country s poorest often send their children to one of the thousands of religious madrassas (the Arabic word for school) where students are boarded, fed, and given an Islamic education. Most operate without government oversight.  Pakistan s madrassas have become synonmous with creating militant fighters through hardline teachings of Islam and many have been linked to organizations such as the Taliban and Al Qaeda.  But many provide shelter, three full meals, and a good education to young people whose families are unable to make ends meet.   In certain cases people send their kids because they can t even afford to feed them,  said Irfan Sher from the Al-Nadwa Madrassa, where all subjects are prioritized and students are capable of analyzing what they are taught.  Sher insists that the country s future hinges on what its youth are taught.   The overall policy should be changed ... they should understand that if they want to change the country the only way is to spread quality education,  he said.  ",1
16356,Mattis visits Seoul for defense talks as tensions climb,"SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis flew into Seoul on Friday for annual defense talks as tensions with North Korea climb ahead of a visit to the region next month by President Donald Trump. Mattis has emphasized diplomatic efforts to find a peaceful solution to the crisis during his week-long trip to Asia, even as North Korea s weapons tests and bellicose verbal exchanges between Pyongyang and Washington stoke fears of an armed confrontation.  I carried the message that the more we do together today the greater the chance for enduring peace in the future,  Mattis said earlier this week, looking back at three days of meetings with Asian defense chiefs in the Philippines.   That s really what it was all about   to keep the (North Korea) effort firmly in the diplomatic lane for resolution.  Even before landing in Seoul, Mattis held a meeting in the Philippines on Monday with his South Korea and Japanese counterparts, where they agreed to keep bolstering intelligence sharing about North Korea and enhance exercises.   Now we got to do the  roll up our sleeves  (work) and do the pragmatic planning and coordination,  he told reporters. Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera warned the threat from North Korea has grown to a  critical and imminent level . CIA chief Mike Pompeo said last week North Korea could be only months away from developing the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons, a scenario Trump has vowed to prevent.  U.S. intelligence experts say Pyongyang believes it needs the weapons to ensure its survival and have been skeptical about diplomatic efforts, focusing on sanctions, to get Pyongyang to denuclearize. The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on seven North Korean individuals and three entities for  flagrant  human rights abuses, including killings, torture, forced labor and the hunting down of asylum seekers abroad. Mattis is expected to meet South Korean leaders on Friday before he joins the top U.S. military officer, Marine General Joseph Dunford, at the annual  Security Consultative Meeting  with South Korea s military on Saturday. The visit comes just before Trump s departs on Nov. 3 to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines, a trip which is expected to be dominated by the nuclear and ballistic missile threat posed by North Korea. Trump, in a speech last month at the United Nations, threatened to destroy North Korea if necessary to defend itself and allies. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.  Despite the rhetoric, White House officials say Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution of the standoff. But all options, including military ones, are on the table.  Mattis, for his part, dismissed the idea that U.S. allies were confused about the U.S. approach, noting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s recent trip to Beijing to get China to do more to pressure Pyongyang.  China is North Korea s biggest trading partner.   Do we have military options in defense for attack, if our allies are attacked? Of course we do. But everyone is out for a peaceful resolution,  Mattis told reporters traveling with him earlier this week.  No one s rushing for war.  ",1
16357,No role for Assad in Syria's future: Tillerson,"GENEVA (Reuters) - President Bashar al-Assad and his family have no role in the future of Syria, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday ahead of peace talks aiming at a political transition scheduled to resume next month. Tillerson said that the Trump administration backed the Geneva peace talks as the only way to end the more than six-year-old war and move to a political transition and elections. He was speaking after holding talks with U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura, who announced that stalled peace talks between the Syrian government and still-to-be-united opposition would resume in Geneva on Nov. 28.  The United States wants a whole and unified Syria with no role for Bashar al-Assad in the government,  Tillerson told reporters in the Swiss city at the end of a week-long trip that took him to Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Pakistan and India.  It is our view and I have said this many times as well that we do not believe that there is a future for the Assad regime and Assad family. The reign of the Assad family is coming to an end. The only issue is how that should that be brought about.  When the Trump administration came into office it took the view that it was  not a prerequisite that Assad goes  before the transitional process started, he added. Supported by Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, Assad appears militarily unassailable and last month Assad ally Hezbollah declared victory in the Syrian war.    Those forces have pushed Islamic State back from large swathes of eastern Syria in recent months and over the past year have taken numerous pockets of rebel-held territory around Aleppo, Homs and Damascus.  My reading is that Assad is here to stay for as long as the Russians and the Iranians have no alternative to him,  a Western diplomat told Reuters.  The date of his departure will depend on the Russians more than anyone else. Once - or if - they find someone better, he may go.  Ceasefire deals brokered by Russia, Turkey, Iran and the United States in remaining rebel-held areas of western Syria have freed up manpower for Assad s allies. Tillerson called his discussions with de Mistura  fruitful  and said the United States will  continue our efforts to de-escalate the violence in Syria . He said the only reason Assad s forces had succeeded in turning the tide in the war against Islamic State and other militants was  air support they have received from Russia . Tillerson said Iran, Assad s other main ally, should not be seen as having made the difference in the defeat of Islamic State in Syria.  I do not see Syria as a triumph for Iran. I see Iran as a hanger-on. I don t think that Iran should be given credit for the defeat of ISIS (Islamic State) In Syria. Rather I think they have taken advantage of the situation.  ",1
16358,U.S. appoints new top official at Havana embassy as tensions flare,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The United States said on Thursday it had designated career diplomat Lawrence Gumbiner as the new chief of its Cuba embassy that has been at the center of a diplomatic crisis due to allegations of mysterious health attacks on its personnel. The previous charge d affaires, Scott Hamilton, left Cuba earlier this month after Washington ordered the evacuation of all non-essential staff and all relatives, in order to remain with his family. Gumbiner will arrive at a time of heightened tensions between the old Cold War foes. While the United States has not formally accused Cuba of carrying out what it says are attacks that have caused hearing loss and cognitive issues in its diplomats, U.S. President Donald Trump said last week Havana was responsible. [nS0N1MD016] In an interview with Reuters, Cuban government officials accused him this week of slandering their country. [nL2N1MZ2CH] The tensions over the attacks, some of which involved high-pitched sounds, came after Trump said in June he wanted to partially roll back the historic detente between the United States and Cuba, ordering tighter restrictions on travel and trade with the island. These have yet to be unveiled. [L3N1JD40J] Gumbiner, a lawyer, has served for the past three years as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Lima, Peru, according to the website of the U.S. embassy in Havana. Before that, he was deputy permanent representative at the U.S. Mission to the Organization of American States. He has previously held embassy positions in Bogota, Tel Aviv and San Jose. ",1
16359,Rome's Trevi fountain runs red after man pours dye in water,"ROME (Reuters) - The waters of Rome s Trevi Fountain, one of Italy s top tourist attractions, turned red on Thursday after a man dumped dye into the main pool, a city official said. Police detained the man responsible, a statement from the mayor s office said, as city officials assessed if there had been any damage to the 18th century landmark. The fountain, where tossing a coin into the pool is supposed by superstition to guarantee one s return to the eternal city, is a big tourist attraction in Rome. Actress Anita Ekberg famously frolicked in the fountain s pool in the 1960 film  La Dolce Vita .  Acts like this demonstrate ignorance and a total lack of civic sense,  Deputy Mayor Luca Bergamo said. Italian media said the culprit was the same person who dyed the fountain red in 2007 to protest the cost to the city of hosting an international film festival. Thursday s action took place on the opening day of Rome s 2017 film festival. ",1
16360,Explosion kills three Chadian U.N. peacekeepers in northern Mali,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Three United Nations soldiers from Chad were killed and two others wounded by an explosive device as they were escorting a convoy in northern Mali on Thursday, the peacekeeping mission in the West African nation said.  More than 80 members of the UN mission, known as MINUSMA, have been killed since 2013 in attacks by militant groups active in the country s north and center, making it the world s deadliest peacekeeping operation.  The mission said in a statement that the peacekeepers  vehicle struck the explosive device between the northern towns of Tessalit and Aguelhok around 2:30 p.m. (1430 GMT).  MINUSMA spokesman Olivier Salgado later told Radio France Internationale that the soldiers involved were from Chad, which has one of the region s most effective armies.  I condemn with the greatest energy such abject acts, whose only objective is to destabilize the country and harm the peace process under way in Mali,  said interim mission chief Koen Davidse. The rise of jihadist groups - some linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State - in the arid Sahel has alarmed Western powers like France, which has deployed thousands of troops to the region in response.  Four U.S. Special Forces troops were killed earlier this month in neighbouring Niger by fighters believed to belong to a local Islamic State affiliate operating out of Mali. Militants have exploited porous borders - particularly between Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso - to step up attacks on military and civilian targets, including tourist sites in regional capitals. The G5 Sahel, an anti-terrorism taskforce of soldiers from those three countries, as well as Chad and Mauritania, plans to launch its first joint operations in the coming days.    ",1
16361,U.S. envoy Haley makes emotional visit to Congo displaced camp,"KITCHANGA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley was moved to tears on Thursday after visiting a nearly decade-old camp for Congolese displaced by violence in the country s east, and insisted there has to be a way to hold  safe and fair elections.  Haley, the most senior member of President Donald Trump s administration to visit Democratic Republic of Congo, traveled by helicopter to Mungote camp in Kitchanga, home to some 15,000 displaced people.  Dozens of excited children waved as Haley left on a U.N. peace-keeping helicopter to return to the provincial capital of Goma. She was visibly upset.   The reason I got emotional today was the hundred-plus kids that were chasing our cars and seeing us off,  Haley told  reporters after the visit.  All I kept thinking was, what s going to happen to them? The sad reality, as it looks now, is that they are going to end up just like their parents.  A single mother named Angelique told Haley she had been raped twice.  It s hard for her when she sits in the kitchen with her seven children because they watched her getting raped,  Haley said as she recounted what Angelique told her.  She doesn t know what to say to them,  Haley said.   No one should live like this. We can t turn a blind eye to all of this,  Haley said.   Congo is the final stop on Haley s week-long Africa visit, which has also taken her to Ethiopia and South Sudan, where she met with President Salva Kiir. On Friday she is due to meet with Congolese President Joseph Kabila, who has been in power since 2001 when he took over from his father.  Congo has never had a peaceful transition of power, and Kabila refused to step down when his second elected term ended in December, fueling insecurity in a country where millions died in conflicts between 1996-2003, most from hunger and disease. Under an accord struck on Dec. 31 between Kabila s representatives and opposition leaders, Kabila is barred from trying to change the constitution to stand for a third term.  We have to find a way to have a peaceful situation,  Haley said.  We have to find a way for them to have safe and fair elections, so we that we can get some leaders that know how to handle this situation and get these armed groups to stop.   The Congolese electoral commission said earlier this month that an election to replace Kabila cannot take place before April 2019, a delay that the opposition said would cause an impatient population to  take matters into its own hands.  The largest U.N. peace-keeping mission is deployed in Congo, costing more than $1 billion annually. Haley is reviewing all operations in a bid to cut costs, as the United States is the largest contributor, paying 28 percent of the budget. The 193-member U.N. General Assembly agreed in June to a $7.3 billion peace-keeping budget, a cut of some $600 Million. The Congo operation has to cut $93 million. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has warned that any further budget cuts could harm the U.N. mission in Congo.  The state is still absent from many parts of the country and all too often preys on the citizens it is meant to protect,  Guterres wrote in a report to the 15-member Security Council last month Peace-keepers kept watch while Haley was at Mungote camp in Kitchanga, where she also visited a small bakery started by 50 women.    They re making a profit and they just bought a sheep with the profits that they made,  she said.  So it s inspiring to see they re not just sitting here complaining, they re trying to make the best of the life that they have.  ",1
16362,Split in Temer ruling coalition likely dooms reform agenda,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer faces a split in his coalition that is likely to derail his plans to put Brazil s financial house in order after a majority of Congressmen from his main ally party voted to put him on trial on graft allegations.  The lower house of Congress voted 251-233 on Wednesday to shelve the corruption case against Temer, ensuring his survival in office. But the president s reform agenda appears in tatters, with little chance of passing an effective overhaul of the costly social security pension system after most Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB) lawmakers opted for him to go on trial. In the biggest revolt yet against his 13-month-old government, 23 Congressmen for the PSDB voted to have him stand trial before the Supreme Court, with only 20 supporting the president.  With his coalition in disarray, Temer cannot muster sufficient votes to pass a pension reform that is the cornerstone of his efforts to plug a budget deficit that has scared off investors. Temer celebrated his Wednesday victory by proclaiming that  the truth had won out  and said his government would return to its task of recovering Brazil from its worst ever recession.  His chief of staff Eliseu Padilha said pension reform talks would resume within days. However, Temer did not even win a simple majority on Wednesday night in the 513-seat lower house.  That simple majority is needed to pass any new laws, and was far from the 308-vote super majority required for a constitutional amendment such as the pension reform bill.  I don t see it being approved, or even debated,  Fabio Sousa, a first-term PSDB lawmaker, said of the pension reform.  His government is fragile and there are general elections next year.  Sousa believes there were grounds to put Temer on trial for graft and he wants to see his party break with the government and withdraw its four ministers from the cabinet. Many in the PSDB, while backing economic reforms like those Temer has proposed, think they need to come from a more legitimate government. Temer s popularity has sunk below that of impeached leftist Dilma Rousseff who he helped oust last year. Brazil s stocks, foreign currency and other financial markets reacted calmly to Wednesday s vote, with ups and downs far below 1 percent, a sign that Temer s survival by a narrow margin was well priced in.  Everyone knows Temer is a lame duck now, and nobody believes in social security reform anymore,  said Fabio Knijnik,  managing director for Sao Paulo-based wealth fund K2 Capital. He said that if even the smallest pension reform passes, it would be a big surprise and plus for investors.  Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles told journalists the government would insist with its current proposal of a minimum retirement age and stricter rules for pension benefits. The pension bill would make Brazilians retire later in order to stave off a financial collapse of the social security system. Many lawmakers, including those who voted to spare Temer from a criminal trial, are reluctant to vote for an unpopular bill with elections approaching in 2018.  It is clear that a broad pension reform will not be approved in Congress by the Temer administration. But some changes are possible,  political analysts at Brasilia-based consultancy Arko Advice wrote in a report this week. ",1
16363,"German coalition talks stumble on migration, climate","BERLIN (Reuters) - Three German parties resigned themselves to further talks next week to try to form a new coalition after making little progress on Thursday in bridging deep divisions on immigration and climate policy. Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to unite her divided conservative alliance, which suffered bruising losses in a national election last month, in a pact with two other parties that is untested at federal level. After 11 hours of talks on Thursday, negotiators said they had failed to find much common ground on the difficult topics of climate change and immigration, but would take the weekend to consider the arguments of the other parties.  We hope to take further steps in the course of next week,  Nicola Beer, general secretary of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), told journalists. Immigration was the most divisive topic, with many conservatives keen to take a harder line after blaming their election setback on Merkel s decision to open Germany to more than a million mainly Middle Eastern migrants in 2015 and 2016. An agreement reached between Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian CSU sister party to cap annual refugee numbers had to be the basis of any coalition accord, Andreas Scheuer, CSU general secretary, said after Thursday s talks.  That is really going to be the crunch point,  he said, adding that the issue was the reason for the gains of the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in the election. Party leaders would meet to seek a solution on refugee policy by next Thursday, sources close to the talks said.  The environmental Greens, who oppose a refugee cap, said positions were far apart on immigration:  The debate on this topic was calm and constructive but the differences remain serious,  said Greens negotiator Michael Kellner. The parties did agree to stick to climate goals that envisage cutting carbon dioxide emissions to 40 percent of 1990 levels by 2020, but were still divided on how to achieve that, sources familiar with negotiations said. Kellner reiterated the Greens  position that Germany should quickly close coal-fired power stations to help fight climate change, a position resisted by the other parties.  We are the first generation to experience climate change and we are the last generation who can stop it,  he said.  The parties made limited progress on European policy, agreeing a broad-brush statement that said that  Germany can only do well if Europe does well  while listing 25 open points for further debate. Politicians say it could take months to form the coalition, leaving Germany hobbled as the European Union looks to its wealthiest country for leadership on governance reform. In a nod to ambitious European reform plans laid out by French President Emmanuel Macron, the statement said Franco-German cooperation was  of paramount importance to us.  The parties  negotiators agreed to further discuss EU reform issues including a euro zone budget - an idea pushed by Macron - and the future of the euro zone s rescue mechanism, the ESM. Sources close to negotiations said there was a consensus against a euro zone budget, but the parties did not want to immediately reject Macron s proposal. The statement stressed that talks with Britain on leaving the EU must respect the interlinkage of the bloc s principles of free movement of capital, citizens, goods and services, which could suggest that Berlin wants to take a hard line with London. Kellner said the parties were far apart on the ESM, which some conservatives want to see play a stronger role in preventing economic crises in the euro zone. ",1
16364,"Catalonia's leader rules out snap election, crisis deepens","MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s leader Carles Puigdemont on Thursday said he would not hold a new regional election to break the deadlock between  Madrid and separatists wanting to split from Spain, sharpening a political crisis that could turn into direct confrontation. Puigdemont had been expected to announce an election to head off moves by Madrid to take direct control of the autonomous region in the next few days. But, speaking in the courtyard of the regional government headquarters in Barcelona, Puigdemont said the central government had not provided sufficient guarantees that holding an election would prevent the imposition of direct rule.  I was ready to call an election if guarantees were given. There is no guarantee that justifies calling an election today,  Puigdemont said. He said it was now up to the Catalan parliament to move forward with a mandate to break from Spain following an independence referendum that took place on Oct. 1 - a vote which Madrid had declared illegal and tried to stop. Some independence supporters are pushing him to unilaterally declare independence. Late on Thursday, the regional government s business head resigned over his opposition to a unilateral declaration, a sign of growing division in the separatist movement. Puigdemont s stand sets the stage for the Spanish Senate on Friday to approve the take-over of Catalonia s institutions and police, and give the government in Madrid the power to remove the Catalan president. But this could spark confrontation on the streets as some independence supporters have promised to mount a campaign of civil disobedience. Spanish Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria, speaking in a Senate committee, said:  The independence leaders have shown their true face - they have promised a dream but are performing tricks.  The aim of Article 155   the constitutional trigger for direct rule   was to permit any election to take place in a normal and neutral situation, she said. The Spanish government has said it would call such a vote within six months of taking over Catalonia. The political crisis, the gravest since Spain s return to democracy four decades ago, has divided Catalonia itself and caused deep resentment in other parts of the country. It has also prompted a flight of business from the wealthy region and worried other European leaders who see it as fanning separatist sentiment elsewhere on the continent. It was not clear whether Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy would immediately enforce direct rule or simply seek the Senate s authorization to do so without making it effective on the ground. Exactly how the central government would enforce it in practical terms, and how Catalan civil service and regional police would react, is also uncertain. National police used heavy-handed tactics to try to prevent the Oct. 1 referendum from taking place, drawing accusations that they were resorting to the repressive behavior of the 1939-1975 Franco dictatorship. However, in a fast-moving battle of wills that has seen both sides stake out hard positions and try to keep each other guessing, it was not impossible that a sudden breakthrough could  be made in the next 24 hours. Spain's IBEX .IBEX closed up 1.9 percent as hopes of such a breakthrough fueled optimism among investors. Catalonia contributes a fifth of Spain's economy, the fourth-largest in the euro zone. Most Spanish blue-chips posted substantial gains, notably Banco Sabadell (SABE.MC) and Banco Santander (SAN.MC), both up 3.2 percent. CRACKS IN PRO-INDEPENDENCE CAMP According to Spanish media, Puigdemont is ready to call an election if the government drops Article 155, releases two senior secessionist leaders who are in jail and removes national police from Catalonia. Even if the Senate voted for direct rule on Friday, Puigdemont would not be stripped of his powers until Saturday when the law is published in Spain s official state gazette. Ander Gil Garcia, a spokesman for the Socialist group in the Senate, said:  We are in the last hours of the penultimate day in which we can avoid what nobody wants.  He appealed to Puigdemont to call a regional election  and avoid a disaster from which Catalonia and Spain would take a long time to recover.  A regional election could either strengthen Puigdemont s mandate if pro-independence parties won or allow him a graceful exit if they did not. Cracks though are beginning to appear in an increasingly-frustrated Catalan independence movement. The Catalan government s business head, Santi Vila, who has opposed a unilateral declaration of independence, said on Thursday he had resigned and said his  attempts at dialogue had failed.  Earlier on Thursday, when it was thought Puigdemont would announce an election, he was denounced by some angry independence supporters as a traitor. Several hundred gathered outside the regional government headquarters in protest. Some pro-secession lawmakers and mayors announced they would step down. Catalonia s pro-independence party ERC would leave the regional government if Puigdemont called a snap election, a party source said.  And far-left party CUP, which supports Puigdemont s minority government, said it would oppose a vote. Albert Ribas, a 37-year-old hotel director listening to a radio in Barcelona s Sant Jaume Square, said it had been a hard day.  We have lost our dignity. But I suppose we had to show the outside world that we re still making the effort to talk to the Spanish government. But again we see we have hit a wall.  ",1
16365,Catalan government business head resigns over independence strategy,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan government s business head resigned on Thursday, a government source said, after regional president Carles Puigdemont ruled out elections and left the possibility of a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain. Santi Vila had said he was opposed to such a declaration and La Vanguardia newspaper reported he favored regional elections. ",1
16366,Turkey's release of German citizen sign of thawing ties: Gabriel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkey s decision to release a German human rights activist is a sign of improving relations between the two NATO allies, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday, adding that Germany wanted all its citizens detained in Turkish prisons freed. Peter Steudtner, who was released on Wednesday night, was one of about a dozen German or Turkish-German citizens arrested in Turkey in recent months, souring relations that had deteriorated over German criticism of mass arrests in Turkey after a failed coup last year. Steudtner arrived back in Berlin on Thursday evening and was escorted off the plane by German police, fellow passengers told Reuters.  This is the first sign of a thaw, as Turkey has fulfilled all its commitments (in the case of Steudtner),  Gabriel told Der Spiegel magazine, adding that former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder had mediated to secure his release. Spiegel had reported that Schroeder flew to Turkey on Sept. 25 to discuss the issue of German detainees with President Tayyip Erdogan.   Now we have to work on the release of the other detainees,  Gabriel added. Eleven German citizens are still in detention in Turkey, including four with Turkish-German dual citizenship. Relations between the two allies deteriorated after Erdogan launched a crackdown on political opponents after a failed coup last year. Germany has criticized mass arrests and refused to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the plot. Relations with Turkey are a contentious issue in talks on forming a coalition government that Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc is holding with two other parties after she lost support in an election last month. In a televised debate with her main opponent before the election, Merkel said she would seek an end to Turkey s accession talks with the European Union. This hard position is backed by the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of her Christian Democrats (CDU), but opposed by the Greens, who along with liberal Free Democrats are seeking a coalition with the conservatives. ",1
16367,"Venezuelan anti-Maduro governor sacked, opposition in chaos","MARACAIBO/CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - The newly elected opposition governor of Venezuela s western Zulia state was dismissed on Thursday by the pro-government local state legislature, adding to disarray among foes of the ruling socialists.  The sacking of Juan Pablo Guanipa, one of five opposition governors in Venezuela s 23 states, came after he refused to swear loyalty to an all-powerful national legislative superbody aligned with President Nicolas Maduro s ruling socialists.   They held a secret, express session to remove him,  Guanipa s spokeswoman Erika Gutierrez told Reuters of the morning meeting of Zulia s state legislature.   Venezuela s opposition Democratic Unity coalition, which groups several dozen anti-Maduro parties, has been in crisis since a surprise defeat at this month s state elections. Despite polls showing it would win a comfortable majority due to widespread public anger over Venezuela s brutal economic crisis, the opposition only took five states compared to 18 for Maduro s Socialist Party candidates. Opposition leaders blamed dirty tricks by the government, including the last-minute moving of many vote centers in opposition areas, along with abstention by supporters disillusioned at the failure of protests earlier this year. Driving home its advantage, the government said only governors who recognize the supremacy of the pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly could take office.  Four opposition governors did that this week, sparking recriminations and bickering within the coalition, but Guanipa said he would never  kneel before the dictatorship.   This is an assault on the will of the people,  he tweeted after his removal on Thursday, denouncing a  coup  in the oil-rich state on the border with Colombia. OPPOSITION IN-FIGHTING Prior to this week, the opposition, along with various major foreign nations including the United States, had refused to recognize the Constituent Assembly.  Elected in July after four months of anti-Maduro protests, the body has overridden the opposition-run national congress.  One major opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, said he would no longer participate in the coalition while Henry Ramos, leader of the Democratic Action party whose four governors swore themselves in before the assembly, was a member. Capriles  Justice First party, and the Popular Will party of detained opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, have called for a complete reformulation of the opposition grouping. Officials from Maduro down have been rubbing their hands in glee at the opposition implosion, and cheekily urging the controversial Ramos - a polarizing figure unpopular among young opposition militants - to stand for president in 2018.  Backstabbing has broken out in the opposition, all against all,  crowed Maduro earlier this week. The Constituent Assembly also announced on Thursday local mayoral elections would be held in December, giving the opposition a short time-frame to develop strategy.  Popular Will has already said it plans to boycott that vote. Young protesters, who saw hundreds of their fellow demonstrators jailed, injured or even killed in anti-Maduro street protests earlier this year, are disgusted by what for them is now a bleak political scenario. More than 125 people, including supporters of both sides plus security officials and bystanders, died in four months of unrest that Maduro said amounted to a U.S.-backed coup attempt.  Let the people continue speaking loud and clear in defense of peace, sovereignty and the sacred right to self-determination,  Constituent Assembly head Delcy Rodriguez said, announcing the December municipal vote that the socialists now expect to win handily given the opposition s disillusionment. ",1
16368,Further isolation of Venezuela may be needed: Latin American group,"TORONTO (Reuters) - A regional Latin American grouping on Thursday agreed more steps may be needed to further isolate Venezuela, where President Nicolas Maduro has been accused of stamping on rights and democracy, said Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland. She spoke to reporters after a Toronto meeting of the Lima Group, which also includes Canada. The group has already condemned what it calls recent anti-democratic acts by Venezuela s government.  If necessary we must put added pressure on the Maduro regime by taking concrete steps to further isolate it from the international community,  she said. Freeland added that Canada was mulling a second round of sanctions against Venezuelan officials.  Other countries should consider doing so as well,  she said. Last month Ottawa said it would impose targeted sanctions against 40 Venezuelan senior officials to punish them for  anti-democratic behavior . The Lima Group has around 15 members, including Brazil, Argentina, Peru and Mexico. It is next due to meet in Chile in January 2018. Last week the group criticized a nationwide election held in Venezuela, when the ruling Socialist Party took 18 of 23 governorships in a nationwide vote despite widespread anger over economic hardship, that has left millions suffering food shortages, a currency collapse and soaring inflation. Opposition protests this year have led to 125 deaths, thousands of arrests and injuries, and widespread damage to property and infrastructure. The opposition is starting to fragment and the Lima Group meeting on Thursday called on groups to work together.  It s a very important point. The people of Venezuela, in their struggle to reestablish democracy in their country ... deserve an opposition which is united and can represent them effectively,  said Freeland. ",1
16369,Sanctions on North Korea may hurt citizens' rights: U.N. expert,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - International community sanctions on North Korea may be hurting key economic sectors and hampering the human rights of its citizens, a United Nations expert said on Thursday.  It is my conviction that a comprehensive assessment of the sanctions regime is needed in order to avoid unintended negative impact on human rights,  said Tomas Ojea Quintana, the U.N. s special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in North Korea, in a speech to a U.N. committee. Ojea Quintana said the sanctions must be evaluated to avoid imposing  what would effectively constitute a collective punishment  on North Koreans. The rapporteur said Pyongyang was ultimately responsible for protecting the human rights of its citizens, yet  patterns of grave violations  persisted. The U.N. Security Council last month strengthened sanctions against Pyongyang, including export bans as well as asset freezes and travel bans on various officials, over the country s sixth and most powerful nuclear test so far, conducted on Sept. 3. On Thursday, the United States unilaterally imposed sanctions on seven North Korean individuals and three entities over what it called serious human rights abuses, including forced labor. Ojea Quintana highlighted the  deplorable  conditions of detainees in detention centers near the border with China including widespread sexual and gender-based violence. ",1
16370,"Boycott, shooting and tear gas mar Kenya election re-run","KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition supporters skirmished with police and threw up burning barricades in pockets of the country on Thursday, seeking to derail President Uhuru Kenyatta s likely re-election with a low voter turnout. The election commission said that more than one in 10 polling stations failed to open. Voting was delayed until Oct. 28 in four of Kenya s 47 counties - all in the opposition-supporting west - due to  security challenges . The repeat election is being closely watched across East Africa, which relies on Kenya as a trade and logistics hub, and in the West, which considers Nairobi a bulwark against Islamist militancy in Somalia and civil conflict in South Sudan and Burundi. In the western city of Kisumu, police used tear gas and fired live rounds over the heads of stone-throwing youths heeding opposition leader Raila Odinga s call for a voter boycott. Gunfire killed one protester and wounded three, a nurse said.  In Homa Bay county next door, police said they shot dead one protester and injured another.  Riot police fired tear gas in Kibera and Mathare, two volatile Nairobi slums. Protesters set fires and threw stones in Kibera, and in Mathare a church was firebombed.  Around 50 people have been killed, mostly by security forces, since the original Aug. 8 vote. The Supreme Court annulled Kenyatta s win in that poll on procedural grounds and ordered fresh elections, but Odinga pulled out of the rerun and urged a boycott because, he said, the poll would not be fair.  In the capital, polling stations saw a sprinkling of voters instead of the hours-long queues that waited in August.   With Kenyatta all but ensured a victory, eyes are on the turnout, which was nearly 80 percent in the August vote. The election commission said Thursday s estimated turnout was 48 percent, excluding the counties where voting did not take place.   We are requesting them (voters) humbly that they should turn out in large numbers,  Kenyatta, the U.S.-educated son of Kenya s founding father, Jomo Kenyatta, said after voting.  We re tired as a country of electioneering and I think it s time to move forward.  A decade after 1,200 people were killed over another disputed election, many Kenyans feared violence could spread. As well as delayed voting, the poll is likely to trigger legal challenges to the result, stirring longer-term instability and ethnic divisions. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court was due to hear a case seeking to push back the polls. But it was unable to sit after five out of the seven judges failed to show up.  The lack of a quorum is highly unusual for a Supreme Court hearing,  a statement from the European Union said.  Not hearing this case has de facto cut off the legal path for remedy.  In  Kisumu, the scene of major ethnic violence after the  disputed election in 2007, many schools designated as polling stations were padlocked. Young men milled about outside.  In Kisumu Central, constituency returning officer John Ngutai said no voting materials had been distributed and only three of 400 staff had turned up. One nervous official said his election work was a  suicide mission . Reuters found no polling stations open.  Wafula Chebukati, head of the election commission, said counties where voting would be delayed included Homa Bay, Kisumu, Migori and Siaya. But residents were skeptical.  Today, not a single polling station opened. People have been throwing stones all day at the police. So I don t think people will accept that elections take place. Unless Raila says  OK , it won t happen,  said social worker Christine Onyango. Kisumu businessman Joshua Nyamori, 42, was one of the few  brave enough to defy Odinga s stay-away call, but could not cast his ballot.  Residents fear reprisal from political gangs organized by politicians. This is wrong,  he said.  In the coastal city of Mombasa, protesters lit tyres and timber along the main highway. Reuters contacted a dozen polling stations there after voting closed. The highest turnout was 89 voters out of 793.        We have seen you, we know you and we have marked you,  a group of opposition supporters shouted at voters outside a polling station. Four armed police were on guard at each station - double the number on duty last time. Yvonne Mwenesi, 21, was beaten outside another polling station before police rescued her.  I had just voted and as I walked out, a group of men who I know attacked me saying I had betrayed them by voting,  she said, her nose bleeding. On the eve of the vote, Odinga backed off previous calls for protests and, speaking in English, urged supporters to stay home and hold vigils instead. Some politicians who preceded him urged in the KiSwahili language that supporters should ensure the vote did not take place.  Odinga s National Super Alliance coalition, whose supporters attacked polling staff in the run-up to the vote, could argue in court that the lack of open polling stations showed the re-run was invalid. The Supreme Court said it would annul this election too if it did not meet legal standards.  The head of the election commission said last week he could not guarantee a free and fair vote, citing political interference and threats of violence. One election commissioner quit and fled the country. Another official was tortured and murdered days before the Aug. 8 vote.  ",1
16371,U.N. rights rapporteur condemns harassment of journalists in Iran,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A U.N. special rapporteur said on Thursday there had been little change in the human rights situation in Iran over the past year, voicing outrage over the harassment of journalists and adding that progress on women s rights was extremely slow. A day after submitting her report to the world body, Asma Jahangir, the U.N. special rapporteur on the Iran rights situation, told reporters that torture was widespread in Iran and that some people were imprisoned for seeking justice. Jahangir said she had not attempted to assess the impact of sanctions on human rights in Iran in her report because she had not been allowed to visit the country, which does not recognize her mandate. Iran rejected Jahangir s report as biased.  The report is politically-motivated, illegitimate, rancorous and disreputable,  Iranian state TV channel IRINN quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying on Thursday. Iran says Western countries use the issue of human rights as a political tool to apply pressure on it. ",1
16372,Russia's Putin urges tough action against online extremism,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that law enforcement agencies must take tough action against persons and groups using the Internet for extremist ends.  The security of Russia s Internet must be heightened, we must fight against those using the information space to spread extremist ideas,  Putin told a meeting of Russia s Security Council.  At the same time, I would like to stress that there can be no talk about restricting access of law-abiding citizens to the worldwide web, about any pervasive barriers and filters,  he said. ",1
16373,Extremes of devotion mark last goodbye to Thai king,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A woman s 750-km (470-mile) trek to see the late Thai king s cremation ceremony was only one example of the level of religious devotion on display in Thailand on Thursday. Thailand s semi-divine  father  was idolized like no other modern monarch. A year of mourning has done nothing to diminish that veneration as Thailand marks a final end to his era with his cremation, uncertain of what is to follow.  I have walked a long way until all my toe-nails have fallen off,  said 61-year-old Montha Suchit, who set off in mid-September from Nakhon Si Thammarat in southern Thailand.  This is the least we can do to repay him,  she told Reuters as she waited, clad in black like most of Thailand, for King Bhumibol Adulyadej s funeral procession to pass by. Thousands spent days camped on torn cardboard boxes to secure a spot near the procession with only plastic sheets for protection from intermittent monsoon rain and tropical sun.  He was the lifeblood of the nation,  said Sorana Theppanao, 60, who counted himself lucky to have got a place near the procession by sleeping out for three days.  King Bhumibol developed a very personal following with hikes to remote villages and an emphasis on helping the poor despite the royal family s immense wealth. He cultivated an image of being above coups and protests while intervening in times of crisis. The royal image was enhanced by a well-funded public relations apparatus. It was also protected by laws that meant anyone insulting it could get a long jail sentence.  The circumstances and propaganda were crucial, but the individual made it all work the way it did, and hence the Thais  deeply emotional final farewell,  said Thitinan Pongsudhirak of Chulalongkorn University. Some mourners questioned whether the king would have wanted such an ostentatious sendoff, for which $90 million was budgeted. Upstream of Bangkok, some districts were left flooded after heavy rains so waters could not disrupt the spectacle.  We all came out to thank the king personally, so in that sense the extravagance was not needed and does not reflect the late king s attitude,  said 70 year-old Tip Boonmak. As the procession passed, mourners dropped to their knees, many still holding up mobile phones to record the scene.  This is the last day we meet him before he goes to heaven,  said Kannika Kamsikeaw, 39. For foreign visitors, the emotion was hard to comprehend.  It s incredible to see this humungous outpouring of devotion,  said 34-year-old Australian Celine Massa.  I don t feel that emotion for any public figure.  More than 95 percent of Thais were born during King Bhumibol s reign, marked by economic transformation and political turbulence through which he was a stabilising figure. King Maha Vajiralongkorn, who has succeeded his father, does not have the same following. Recently, he has spent much of his time in Germany, where his son is at school. Asserting his new power, he has required changes to the constitution and taken personal control of the palace s financial holdings.  Besides drawing a line under King Bhumibol s era, the cremation is a step towards the military government s promised revival of politics and an election next year. For more than a decade, politics in Thailand was torn between  yellow shirts  - royalists dressed in the king s color - and  red shirts , who backed a populist movement whose governments were twice overthrown by the army. But any animosities were hidden on Thursday on the streets of Bangkok.  Today there is no color,  said Napthanicha Chantarasena, 33, among those who had camped out for days.  There is only my king.  ",1
16374,Colombia ex-rebels begin building 'commune' cities in rural areas,"AGUA BONITA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia s former Marxist FARC rebels have begun to construct  communes in rural areas once torn apart by violence, part of their bid to reintegrate into society following a peace deal with the government. More than 11,000 fighters and supporters of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) have demobilized under last year s deal, ending its part in a half-century war that has killed more than 220,000 people.  The group is now a political party, known as the People s Revolutionary Alternative Force, maintaining the FARC acronym in Spanish. The deal has been met with skepticism by many Colombians, who oppose ex-rebel participation in politics and have demanded jail sentences for leaders accused of murder, kidnapping and  sexual violence. Former rebels living in the nascent town of Agua Bonita, in southern Caqueta province, say a communal model will help alleviate deep socio-economic inequalities in Colombia, where the rural poor often lack access to public services.  This is a project that will create conditions for a dignified life, where people aren t just guaranteed dignified housing, but also health, employment, education,  Federico Montes, an ex-rebel and community leader told Reuters. The town, which has 65 modest houses, is carved from Caqueta s jungle and plains, long the scene of battles between the rebels and the military. It is so far home to 250 former combatants and their families, and has a library, health center, communal store and bakery.  Towns like Agua Bonita will help fight the country s high poverty rate and offer a model for communal living in line with leftist beliefs, Montes said.  We want to build a small model of what a more just, more equal and most of all more humane Colombia could be, where people have basic services and jobs,  he said. The FARC were founded in 1964 as the armed wing of the country s Communist party and revere Marxist leaders like Che Guevara. The group has long nurtured ties with socialist and communists governments in Venezuela and Cuba. While local ex-rebels see the commune projects as a chance to build local left-wing utopias, national FARC leaders are more cautious. When asked whether the communities would be run as communist enclaves, Pastor Alape, a leader of the FARC party, angrily denied they would have such an ideology and said any suggestion would open them up to criticism that they want to run independent states. Many FARC members have expressed fears they could be targeted for assassinations in a repeat of the 1980s killings of some 5,000 members of the rebel-allied Patriotic Union party, which grew out of a failed peace process with the government. Residents have begun to plant pineapple, plantain and cassava and plan to hand over the $2,700 they are supposed to receive from the government after demobilization to the community. Agua Bonita is protected by the police, while the army operates nearby in an effort to combat crime gangs who are trying to move into former rebel territory and take control of lucrative coca crops, the base ingredient in cocaine.  We need to be united to survive,  said 34-year-old Danilo Ortiz, who spent two decades as a FARC fighter, as he sewed a boot in the town s shoe-making workshop, set along a neat red dirt street. Rebels are looking for opportunities in areas that have not had state presence for years, Joshua Mitrotti, the head of the country s reintegration agency, said on a visit to Agua Bonita. The town is a  good start  to integrating rural areas and could be replicated if it gets sufficient support from the government, said Jean Arnault, the head of the United Nation s verification mission in Colombia. ",1
16375,"Four killed, 11 injured as train collides with army truck in Finland","HELSINKI (Reuters) - Four people were killed and several injured when a train crashed into an army truck during a military exercise in southern Finland on Thursday, police and the armed forces said. The accident occurred at an unguarded railway crossing near the city of Raasepori, 90 km (56 miles) west of the capital Helsinki, when two military vehicles were crossing the tracks on their way to a training site. The train and one of the vehicles collided, killing three soldiers aboard the truck and a passenger on the train, officials said. Road conditions were bad in the morning due to rain and snowfall. Inspector Ilkka Kantola told Helsingin Sanomat newspaper that the train had hit the truck at a speed of around 100 kilometres per hour. According to Kantola, the train driver had seen the truck but thought that it would stop as it was driving very slowly.  The train put on the break but the speed did not necessarily slow down at all ahead of the collision,  Kantola was quoted as saying. The soldier who had driven the truck will face charges for endangering traffic safety and manslaughter, he added. Four people were taken to Helsinki with severe injuries and seven others were treated at a local hospital for minor injuries. All patients were said to be in stable condition. Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila and President Sauli Niinisto both offered their condolences to the victims and their families.  The young conscripts were there for their country. That their journey ends in many deaths and in serious injuries is a true tragedy,  President Niinisto said in a statement. Military service is obligatory for men in Finland. ",1
16376,"In Nairobi slum, rock-throwers, police keep voters at bay","NAIROBI (Reuters) - It had all the trappings of a proper polling station - ballot-boxes, pots of indelible ink, registration lists and a dozen election officials dutifully seated behind school desks. The only things missing were the voters. In Nairobi s Kibera slum, a hot-bed of support for veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga, many young men failed to heed his call for a peaceful stay-away from Thursday s election, a re-run of an August presidential vote annulled by the courts. After opening six hours late because of a lack of security, the polling station at Kibera s Olympic Primary School came under attack from stone-throwing youths determined to ward off any voters. Police at the gates responded with volleys of tear gas followed by live rounds, sending gangs of youths chanting slogans against President Uhuru Kenyatta scurrying for cover in the warren of streets and tin-shacks next to the school walls. Riot officers then sealed off the area, making it impossible for even residents to get through, let alone would-be voters prepared to run the gauntlet of pro-Odinga peer pressure.  I don t want to vote. I just want to go to my home,  said 24-year-old Kevin Ouma-Sigiria, after being turned back by armed riot police blocking the rubble-strewn road 500 metres (1500 feet) from the school. As he spoke, another man tried to talk his way through the road-block, only to receive a prod in the chest from a wooden club, followed by a nonchalant whack around the ankles.  There is a crisis up there,  one of the riot officers, who idenitified himself only as Kevin, said.  If they come one-by-one, that s OK. But if they gather again, the crisis will get bigger.  Moments later, 35-year-old Said Mohammed scurried down the street in the opposite direction with his wife and three small children to pack them off to relatives living up-country.  It s not good for their health,  he said, clutching his children s hands as the pop of exloding tear-gas grenades echoed across the tin roof-tops. Other opposition strongholds in western Kenya saw similar unrest, causing the election commission to postpone voting there until the weekend - although there is little prospect of a 48-hour delay yielding a different outcome. In Kibera, polling station staff should have slept overnight at the Olympic school but were unable to do so because of fear of being attacked. As it was, they arrived under armed escort at 10am - four hours after voting was meant to start.  The ballot boxes, also escorted by a heavily armed police contingent, arrived an hour after that - not that there was any chance of them being used.  Nobody is going to vote here today,  said Olympic deputy presiding officer Jaqueline Onuko, blithely tucking into a sandwich as rocks clanged against the metal roof of the classroom-cum-polling station.  The first time around was very busy...They were here queueing at 3 in the morning. Now nobody is going to come. They are scared of both the police and their neighbors.  ",1
16377,Spanish government to suspend direct rule in Catalonia if regional election called: media,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s government is ready to suspend the application of direct rule in Catalonia if Catalan head Carles Puigdemont calls a snap regional election, La Vanguardia newspaper reported on Thursday, citing sources from the ruling People s Party. Puigdemont is set to call an election, according to political allies, a move that could help break a one-month deadlock between the Madrid government and separatists seeking a split from Spain. ",1
16378,Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont to deliver speech at 1500 GMT,"MADRID (Reuters) - The president of Catalonia s regional government, Carles Puigdemont, will deliver a speech at 5 p.m. (1500 GMT), his office said on Thursday. Puigdemont is set to call a snap regional election, according to his political allies, a move that could help break a one-month deadlock between the Madrid government and separatists seeking a split from Spain. ",1
16379,Catalan leader says not enough guarantees from Madrid to call election,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Thursday said he had decided not to call a snap election because he had not obtained enough guarantees from the central government that the move would stop the imposition of direct rule in Catalonia.  I was ready to call an election if guarantees were given. There is no guarantee that justifies calling an election today,  Puigdemont said. He also said it was now up to the Catalan parliament to move forward with a mandate to split from Spain following an independence referendum that took place on Oct. 1. ",1
16380,Putin ally wins right to develop prime Moscow plot: sources,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A company with ties to an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin has won the right to develop a prime piece of Moscow real estate near the Kremlin, two sources familiar with the deal told Reuters. Moscow city government auctioned off the plot, which lies on the bank s of the Moskva river and includes a number of historic buildings, and it was won by a construction company called Gorkapstroy-Garant, according to the city. The two sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, said that the firm represents the interests of businessman Gennady Timchenko. Reuters was not able to independently verify that Timchenko, who has been described by the U.S. Treasury Department as a member of Putin s inner circle, has a financial interest.  A spokesman for the Volga Group, which groups together Timchenko s business interests, did not respond to telephone calls or to an emailed request for comment on Thursday. The plot is a few hundred meters from the Kremlin, and some of the buildings on it date back to the 18th century. Under a development plan presented by the Moscow city government in August, the winning bidder will preserve and restore historic buildings, turn one of the buildings into a hotel and convert some of the complex into apartments.           Timchenko has since 2014 been subject to U.S. sanctions imposed on Moscow for its role in the Ukraine crisis.  No contact details are listed for Gorkapstroy-Garant. Its parent company, Gorkapstroy, did not respond to a written request for comment. Staff were unable to connect a Reuters reporter by phone to Gorkapstroy s boss. The site had been used as a training facility for Russia s Strategic Rocket Forces, the arm of the military which operates Russia s nuclear arsenal. It became the property of Moscow city a few years ago.  ",1
16381,Islamic State claims responsibility for attack in Nigeria,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed responsibility for an attack in northeast Nigeria that killed eight soldiers and a civilian and injured five other people on Tuesday, a statement by the group said on Thursday.  The fighters took three four-wheel-drive vehicles and others mounted with rifles and heavy weaponry and various ammunition,  the statement said.  The group did not provide evidence for its claim. ",1
16382,"Strike brings Athens Metro to a standstill, streets gridlocked","ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens Metro came to a standstill on Thursday when workers in the Greek capital began a 24-hour strike to oppose the possible privatization of the rail operator. The strike disrupted the daily commute for thousands of Athenians and caused gridlock on streets leading to the city center.  Metro workers are protesting the transfer of Attiko Metro operator and other state-owned enterprises to a sovereign wealth fund set up under the latest international bailout with the EU and the IMF. Proceeds from the fund, known as the Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations, will help Greece cut its debt burden and fund investments. Privatizations have been a pillar of Greek bailouts since 2010 but have reaped poor revenues so far amid bureaucracy and opposition by politicians and unions. Greece is aiming for 5.5 billion euros from state asset sales by 2018, when its bailout expires. Big tickets this year include the sale of a 66 percent stake in the natural gas grid DESFA and a 67 percent stake in the port of Thessaloniki. ",1
16383,Italian Senate approves electoral law; likely to produce hung-parliament,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s upper house Senate approved on Thursday a new electoral system that is expected to handicap the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement at a forthcoming national election and favor mainstream political blocs. The bill has already been approved by the lower house thanks to a battery of confidence motions that swept aside all opposition and now only needs a green light from the head of state to become law. This is expected in the coming days. The voting system, a mix of proportional representation and first-past-the-post, will benefit parties that form pre-election coalitions   something the 5-Star has always ruled out. With opinion polls pointing to a three-way split between the centre-left, centre-right and 5-Star, analysts say the new electoral law will not produce a clear-cut winner at the next election, which is due by May 2018. Italy has had 64 governments since the end of World War Two, including five in the past seven years, and a renewed bout of political instability in the euro zone s third-largest economy could hurt global financial markets. To prevent a financial backlash, analysts say some form of grand coalition between the more moderate parties on the left and right is likely to emerge from any ballot-box stalemate.  You are all the same. You don t have any ideas or any policies, just the same mission: to keep hold of your seats and continue to squeeze the country dry,  the 5-Star Senate leader, Giovanni Endrissi, told the upper chamber on Thursday. Polls show the 5-Star is currently the most popular party in Italy, with support at around 30 percent nationally. President Sergio Mattarella had called on parliament to draw up a new law to harmonize the existing voting rules that risked throwing up different results in the two houses.  All previous attempts at reform fell foul of political infighting but, unexpectedly, the ruling Democratic Party (PD) of former prime minister Matteo Renzi struck a deal with Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia party over a revised voting system. The rightist Northern League also backed the initiative.  This law is the fruit of delicate mediation between coalition and opposition parties, which are very different parties with very different interests,  said Luigi Zanda, PD Senate leader. This will be Italy s third electoral law since 1993 and gives political leaders the power to pack electoral lists with supporters, potentially stifling internal party debate. The first-past-the-post element will benefit parties that have a strong local base, notably the Northern League, which looks set to win a large majority of seats in the wealthy north. Under the new system, IXE pollsters predicted on Thursday that a centre-right bloc made up of Forza Italia, the Northern League and Brothers of Italy party would win 269 of the 630 seats up for grabs in the lower house.  Renzi s PD allied with a small centrist party would take 180 seats and 5-Star 153 seats. A small bloc of leftist parties that have rebelled against Renzi, would take 20 seats, IXE said. Approval of the electoral law leaves parliament with one final task to complete before the houses can be dissolved   the reading of the 2018 budget. That legislation is expected to be passed by Christmas, which could open the way for national elections as early as March. ",1
16384,Somalia's al Shabaab stones woman to death for cheating on husband,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somalia s Islamist group al Shabaab on Thursday publicly stoned a woman to death in a town in the south for cheating on her husband, an official told Reuters.  Al Shabaab, which has been waging a war for years to topple the Horn of Africa country s western-backed government, seeks to  bring in rule based on its strict interpretation of sharia law.  Sheikh Mohamed Abu Abdalla, Al shabaab s governor for Somalia s Jubba regions in the south, said Habiba Ali Isak, a 30-year-old mother of eight children, was killed by stoning in Sakow on Thursday afternoon. Sakow, a town about 515 km (320 miles) southwest of the capital Mogadishu, is in an area entirely under al Shabaab s control. Members of al Shabaab have in the past handed out harsh punishments for religious infractions including hacking off of limbs for alleged thieves and public executions.    Isak lived with her legal husband and children in Hagar village in Jubba, but cheated on her husband after she told him she was traveling to Mogadishu to visit her relatives, Abdalla said. Her legal husband, Ali Ibrahim, subsequently found out his wife did not go to Mogadishu but instead had married again and was living with another husband in Sakow.  Her legal husband brought the case to the court. She admitted she illegally married a second husband,  Abdalla said.  According to the Islamic sharia she was publicly stoned to death this afternoon.  The offending second husband had fled, according to Abdalla. ",1
16385,Russian helicopter missing off coast of Svalbard: rescue service,"OSLO (Reuters) - The Russian helicopter that went down off the coast of Svalbard on Thursday has still not been located more than 90 minutes after it went down at sea, Norway s rescue service told independent broadcaster TV2. The helicopter had a crew of five and three passengers, all with  Russian-sounding names , said the leader of the rescue operation coordination, Tore Hongset. ",1
16386,"In Mexican slum, a decades-long wait for quake relief","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - I first visited Camp No. 3 a few days after the Sept. 19 earthquake.  After reporting from collapsed buildings around the city, this was a different type of shock. Row after row of tiny tin shacks crammed into a small lot hidden behind a high fence in the middle class neighborhood of Lindavista. Here, hundreds of families who lost their homes in an earthquake 32 years ago are living in deplorable conditions, with children and grandchildren born during the interminable wait for promised government-subsidized homes. The 1985 earthquake was a defining moment for the Mexican capital. The death toll is still disputed, but at least 5,000 were killed. Some say many more died. Three decades on, hundreds of its victims are still living in hovels in encampments across the sprawling city of 20 million and now the latest quake has made thousands more people homeless. On first impression the camp is a little menacing, the smell of marijuana hangs in the air and residents warn of thieves and petty crime they blame on new arrivals - people who have moved in to occupy shacks left by families who have received new homes.  A strong sense of community prevails among the 1985 earthquake survivors, necessary perhaps for families who share outdoor toilets and use bared electric cables to heat water to bathe. And as I have seen among many of Latin America s poorest people, there is resourcefulness. Most families had some kind of work, many setting up small businesses like food stands selling tacos, or makeshift photocopy shops on the roadside.  One woman made her living charging for toilet paper and access to a bathroom.  According to the leaders of the Lindavista camp, its ramshackle shacks are home to around 750 people, divided into roughly 250 families. There are almost 200 children who are the grandchildren of those originally resettled here, according to local leaders. At least six such camps exist in the capital. Mexico City s housing institute said that since 2016, it has delivered 173 homes to victims of the 1985 quake and expects to hand over 120 more before the end of next year. Click on reut.rs/2go1OS4 for related photo essay ",1
16387,All 8 people on missing helicopter off Svalbard are Russians: Ministry,"OSLO/MOSCOW (Reuters) - All eight people on board a missing helicopter off the coast of Svalbard are Russians, the Russian Emergency Ministry told Reuters on Thursday. Rescue teams are still searching for the aircraft, which was first reported missing at around 1335 GMT. ",1
16388,"2,000 refugees have fled Cameroon to Nigeria in past two weeks: U.N. agency","ABUJA (Reuters) - More than 2,000 people have fled southern Cameroon and entered Nigeria over the past two weeks, fallout from renewed oppression of Angolophone Cameroonians in the predominantly French-speaking country, the United Nations refugee agency said on Thursday. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) is now preparing a  very conservative  contingency plan for as many as 40,000 people fleeing Cameroon, Antonio Jose Canhandula, the agency s representative to Nigeria, told Reuters in an interview in Abuja. A cycle of state repression fuelling separatism has raised concerns the majority French-speaking Cameroon may face a prolonged period of violence, after soldiers shot dead at least eight people in the country s two English-speaking regions on Oct 1.  Our fear is that the 40,000 might actually be an understatement in a situation where the conflict might continue,  said Canhandula. Cameroon s government  has sent security forces into southern Cameroon,  he said, adding that the country has now closed its borders with Nigeria. Demonstrations in Cameroon s English-speaking regions began nearly a year ago when Anglophone lawyers and teachers protested against having to work in French, saying it showed the wider marginalisation of the English-speaking minority. One of Cameroon s English-speaking regions in the country s west borders Nigeria s southeastern state of Cross Rivers. There, the UNHCR has been registering refugees, some of whom say they are fleeing violence, according to Canhandula. But Nigeria and Cameroon are already grappling with one of the world s worst humanitarian crises, in the Lake Chad region, with over 2 million people displaced after more than eight years of conflict with Islamist insurgency Boko Haram.  Can you imagine having another refugee situation in a country where we are hardly coping with IDPs (internally displaced persons)?  Canhandula said.  Every time you have a refugee situation you have it for several years... Cameroon really has to take the issues that create the feeling of exclusion very seriously,  he said. Cameroon s linguistic divide is a legacy of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between allied French and British victors. ",1
16389,Next round of Syria talks in Geneva set for Nov 28: U.N. envoy,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The next round of talks between Syria s government and the opposition will be held in Geneva on Nov. 28 the United Nations envoy to Syria said on Thursday. Staffan de Mistura, speaking to the U.N. Security Council via teleconference from Geneva, said the next round of talks should focus on the drafting of a new constitution and on a path toward United Nations-verified elections. ",1
16390,Finland wants EU to give up daylight saving time,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish government should actively push the European Union to abolish its directive on daylight saving time, a parliament committee said on Thursday. The parliamentary transport and communications committee gave its recommendation to the government after more than 70,000 Finns signed a citizens petition asking the state to give up the practice. Under daylight saving time clocks move forward by one hour during summer months so that daylight lasts longer into evening. Most of North America and Europe follows the custom, while the majority of countries elsewhere do not. The committee said that after hearing several experts, it concluded that people do not adapt smoothly to the changes. It added that turning the clocks caused short-term sleeping disorders, reduced performance at work and could also lead to serious health problems.  The primary objective should be to abolish the clock movements on uniform basis throughout the European Union,  the committee said in a statement. ",1
16391,Russia to respond to Twitter ban on Russian media ads: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Thursday it would respond to a decision by Twitter Inc to ban adverts from media outlets Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik, saying the move flouted international and domestic laws on free speech, the RIA news agency reported. RIA cited the Russian Foreign Ministry as saying the decision was another aggressive step aimed at hindering the work of Russian media in the United States and the result of pressure from U.S. intelligence agencies. ",1
16392,UK sets date for parliamentary showdown on crucial Brexit laws,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government said on Thursday its key piece of Brexit legislation would be debated in parliament on Nov. 14 and 15, the next stage in what is expected to be a tortuous lawmaking process that will test Prime Minister Theresa May s authority. The European Union (Withdrawal) Bill is central to the government s plan to leave the EU in March 2019, repealing the laws that made Britain an EU member and transposing existing EU law into British law. But it has faced widespread criticism from lawmakers of all parties - including May s Conservatives - for giving the government too much power to change laws, and for not guaranteeing parliament a vote on the terms of Brexit. As a result, the bill s passage through parliament will depend on May s fragile minority government being able to pacify rebel lawmakers who said they were  deadly serious  about trying to give parliament a greater say on the terms of the EU exit. The much-anticipated first two days of debate were announced in parliament by Andrea Leadsom, leader of the lower house. Six further days of debate are planned but dates were not announced.  The bill passed its first parliamentary test in September and the next stage had been expected earlier by some lawmakers, but the government said it needed time to look over the hundreds of proposed changes which will be discussed.   Nearly 400 amendments have been tabled and we are looking at those with the utmost seriousness,  a Brexit department spokeswoman said.   We look forward to continuing the debate and working with Parliament to ensure that we deliver a functioning statute book on exit day.  Junior Brexit minister Steve Baker later warned that if the bill fails to pass through parliament in time for  Brexit day  on March 29 2019, holes would appear in the country s laws.  He also said the government currently planned separate legislation to implement the terms of the transitional agreement it is seeking to help smooth its departure from the EU, erecting another potentially difficult parliamentary hurdle. May s spokeswoman later said it was too soon to know for sure if this would be required. Among the proposed changes to the withdrawal bill, several have enough support from Conservative lawmakers to defeat May, who commands a slim 13-seat working majority in the 650-seat parliament thanks to a deal with Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party. One of the potential Conservative rebels, Nicky Morgan, warned the government not to underestimate their desire to change the bill.  We are deadly serious,  Morgan, a former senior minister who was sacked by May last year, told parliament.  Any rebellion is expected to crystallise around government plans to offer lawmakers a vote on the final exit package.  The promise is not currently written into the bill, which will only allow lawmakers to accept the deal the government has negotiated with Brussels or reject it and leave the EU without a deal. Brexit minister David Davis angered parliamentarians on Wednesday by suggesting that vote could even come after Britain has left the bloc, forcing his department to issue a clarification. Called to parliament on Thursday morning to explain his words, Davis said he expected the vote to take place before December 2018 or January 2019, referring to the EU s preferred negotiating timetable. Despite his clarification, lawmakers signaled they wanted to have more say on the exit deal and would try to force the government into making concessions next month in parliament by guaranteeing in law a vote that gives lawmakers a greater say.  The sad reality is that ministerial assurances are no longer good enough,  said opposition lawmaker Stephen Kinnock. ",1
16393,UK parliament expected to vote on Brexit deal by late 2018 or early 2019: Davis,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament will vote on whether to accept the government s deal on exiting the European Union by December 2018 or January 2019 if negotiations with Brussels progress as anticipated, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.  If it goes to the timetable (EU negotiator) Mr Barnier expects, or wants to go to, which is October of 2018, it s likely the European Parliament will vote December or January... we will have that put before the house before then, there s no doubt about that,  Davis told parliament. ",1
16394,Cars torched in attack on French police housing complex,"LYON, France (Reuters) - Attackers set fire to vehicles beneath a housing complex for police and their families in a suburb of Grenoble, eastern France, on Thursday. Police said a fence around the building was closed off in an apparent attempt to prevent residents escaping and rescuers getting in, but all 24 people inside escaped unharmed.  Nobody claimed responsibility for the assault, which was the latest in a series of arson attacks against police and police vehicles.   Attacks like this can be tantamount to terrorism,  Grenoble prosecutor Jean-Yves Coquillat told reporters, adding that the method used was similar to other recent attacks by far-left groups.  Last month, such a group claimed responsibility for an arson attack on a police building in Grenoble that destroyed a warehouse and several cars.  The group said the fire was a protest against the trial of nine far-left activists accused of firebombing police in an assault on two officers in Paris in May 2016 that was caught on camera. Last month, five police cars were set on fire in Limoges, central France.  French police are on high alert after a series of Islamic State-inspired attacks that have killed more than 240 people in the past three years.  Aside from the Islamist threat, far-left and far-right militancy has also not let up. Police this month arrested 10 far-right militants suspected of planning attacks on mosques and politicians. ",1
16395,"Kenya opposition, ruling party MPs exchange blows at rival news conferences","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Legislators from Kenya s ruling party and opposition exchanged blows on Thursday, after polls closed in a controversial repeat presidential election.  Live national television showed MPs tumbling into a hedge at Nairobi s Panafric Hotel when the two sides clashed after attempting to hold near-simultaneous news conferences at the same venue. One lawmaker shouted profanities on camera, prompting nervous giggles from anchors.  The fistfight reflected larger tensions within the country, that saw polling stations in some counties unable to open after opposition leader Raila Odinga called for a boycott of the Oct. 26 poll, saying it would not be free and fair.  Odinga s withdrawal left President Uhuru Kenyatta as the only serious contender for the presidency, although six other candidates were also on the ballot. Kenyatta won a presidential poll on Aug. 8 that was later nullified by the Supreme Court on procedural grounds.   They (the government MPs) came here, instead of addressing their own issues, they started attacked Raila,  Anthony Oluoch, opposition MP for Mathare constituency, told Reuters at the Panafric Hotel after the brawl.  I was not engaging in physical violence, I was attacked by more than 10 or 15 people.   Opposition MPs said a joke against Odinga from Senator Kipchumba Murkomen from the ruling Jubilee party sparked the brawl, but the senator blamed the other side for the violence.   We met the ODM (opposition) MPs in the gallery, they asked me to buy them drinks, I bought them drinks. These people are just violent,  he said.      ",1
16396,"Egypt election in view, Sisi supporters fire up campaign for mandate","CAIRO (Reuters) - Six months before Egypt s election, President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s supporters are petitioning for him to run, rallying around the former military commander whose popularity critics say has been dimmed by austerity reforms, security problems and a crackdown on dissidents.   Four years ago, Sisi won a landslide victory after he led the military ouster of then president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood, promising stability following Egypt s 2011 Arab Spring uprising.   Sisi, 62, has yet to declare if he will run, though he is unlikely to face strong opposition. He says he will follow the people s will, and many in Egypt still see him as key to stability in a country where unrest since 2011 has battered the economy.   But some critics say that narrative has been undercut by tough austerity reforms and a currency flotation that has made even the middle-class poorer, and an Islamic insurgency that has extended outside its battleground in the northern Sinai,     The  So You Can Build It  petition campaign launched by a businessman, professors and pro-Sisi independent lawmakers is looking to whip up turnout for Sisi and show he still has the legitimacy of a popular mandate. Less than a month into the campaign, its founders claim they will rally massive support. A host of celebrities have signed up, posing on social media with petition forms that show Egypt s red, white and black flag, and a silhouette of the pyramids.   We will find out from the numbers we have collected what the Egyptian people s support looks like ... especially since there are rumors that there s been a decline in popular support,  said Mohamed Shaaban, the campaign s co-founder and an independent lawmaker allied with Sisi.  Some Sisi opponents say the scale of the campaign shows that Egyptians have few viable opposition candidates to choose from in the election likely to happen around April.  All this negatively affects the political climate in Egypt and increases reluctance to run against Sisi,  Mohamed Anwar al-Sadat, nephew of a former president who once backed Sisi but is now considering running against him, said last week.  It will discourage voters and make them more reluctant to go out and vote in the upcoming elections.  Detractors have taken to social media to poke fun at the petition, posting pictures of aliens and U.S. President Donald Trump signing the form. Others have suggested a counter-movement calling instead for Sisi to step down. Under Sisi s presidency, thousands of dissidents have been jailed, the government has shut down independent media and heavily restricted the conducting of opinion polls. There have been no official polls on the upcoming election yet.  However, many Egyptians are wary of challenging the status quo after six years of living through a pro-democracy revolt, a military takeover and a prolonged state of emergency that has left people unwilling to protest or looking for stability. Only two people   Sadat and Khaled Ali, a lawyer who challenged Sisi over a dispute about two islands in the Red Sea   have publicly aired the idea of challenging him and even they say Sisi is likely to win. Last election, Sisi won about 97 percent of the vote on a turnout of 47.5 percent, after voting was extended for a day. This time, his backers want to show his legitimacy not been tarnished by economic and security problems.   The issue is not whether Sisi will win the 2018 election; rather, it is about how much interest and buzz can be generated about the process,  said H.A. Hellyer, senior non-resident fellow at the Atlantic Council.  The more public interest, the better - if turnout and interest is minimal, that won t be catastrophic for the authorities, but is certainly not the image they wish to project domestically or internationally, he added. The campaign was inspired by the 2013  Tamaroud , or  Rebellion , petition, that Sisi used as a mandate to topple the Muslim Brotherhood, said Shaaban. The Tamaroud movement encouraged millions of Egyptians to take to the streets demanding the overthrow of Mursi. Sisi then led the military ouster of Mursi after those protests. Organisers says they are already seeing results. What started off with only 10 offices has mushroomed into a large-scale operation with 178 offices nationwide, said Shaaban, and close to half a million likes on the campaign s official Facebook page.  The numbers are changing by the moment,  said parliamentarian Karim Salem, campaign spokesman and co-founder. Organisers say the campaign is run by volunteers and funded by private donations. Egypt s state news agency reported that 14,000 people had signed the petition in the Nile delta province of Al-Beheira. Reuters could not independently confirm these numbers. The petition form lists five reasons why Sisi should seek a second term   cleansing the country of terrorism, completing his megaprojects, ending corruption, education, and protecting its leadership. Even some of Sisi s supporters who helped propel him into power, such as former campaign officials Hazim Abdelazim and Nour al-Huda Zaki, have turned against him over his handling of the economy and security. Critics point to a dispute that saw his government hand over two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, touching a nationalistic nerve. Egypt has fought an insurgency waged by an Islamic State affiliate in North Sinai since 2013. Hundreds of members of the security forces have been killed. But the group has begun turning its guns towards the mainland in attacks this year. Sisi has inaugurated mega infrastructure projects he promised would turn around the economy, and the IMF has praised the progress of measures it has backed that are meant to curb deficits and create long term growth. But many Egyptians say they are frustrated with the immediate fallout of reforms. The currency devaluation a year ago has cut the Egyptian pound s value in half   though it has stabilised now - and inflation is just off record highs of above 30 percent. In Shaaban s home district in Cairo, middle-class Sayeda Zeinab, where a petition campaign banner with an image of the smiling president hangs above a main square, Essam Moahmed, a baker, expressed discontent over the economy.  Now things are even more expensive than under the Brotherhood. But people can t stand against Sisi,  he said. Sisi acknowledges the tough economic situation many Egyptians face, saying sacrifices like IMF-backed austerity reforms are needed  so we can take our true place.  ",1
16397,Sea of black in Bangkok as thousands flock to late king's funeral,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand bade a final goodbye to its beloved late King Bhumibol Adulyadej on Thursday in a ceremony steeped in ancient rituals, processions and Buddhist rites that drew hundreds of thousands of mourners. Despite heavy downpours, black-clad mourners crowded Bangkok s historic quarter where the king s cremation took place. The $90 million funeral marks the end of an era for many Thais who had only ever known King Bhumibol as their monarch. It ushers in the reign of the late king s son King Maha Vajiralongkorn, or Rama X, who ascended the throne last year but whose coronation can only take place after his father s funeral. King Vajiralongkorn has overseen sweeping changes to the royal household, including the running of palace finances. Earlier in the day members of the Thai royal family, visiting dignitaries and government officials placed sandalwood flowers at the royal funeral pyre. The cremation of King Bhumibol began with Buddhist religious rites and ceremonial candle-lighting by saffron-robed monks. Many of those lining the Thai capital s streets had slept overnight on pavements near the Grand Palace to capture vantage spots for the funeral procession that wended past buildings draped in yellow marigolds.  This is the last goodbye,  said one tearful visitor, Pimsupak Suthin, 42, who traveled from the northern province of Nan to attend the function.  I really love and miss him. It is very difficult to describe.  King Bhumibol, also known as King Rama IX, died last October aged 88 after ruling for seven decades. He played a pivotal role in maintaining stability during years of political upheaval and rapid development. At the start of the ceremony, officials dressed in blue and orange removed a symbolic golden urn from the Dusit Maha Prasart Throne Hall and carried it through the streets to a 50-metre (165-foot) -high royal crematorium in a nearby square.  The king s body was moved to the cremation area on Wednesday night from the palace, where it had been lying in state since his death.  New King Maha Vajiralongkorn presided over religious chanting in the afternoon prior to the cremation at the royal crematorium, which features nine spires to mark the reign of his father, the ninth member of Thailand s Chakri Dynasty. One of the late king s daughters, Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, lit candles inside the crematorium. Thailand s supreme patriarch, Somdet Phra Maha Muniwong, led the religious ceremony, urging Thais to follow Buddhist teachings and  look beyond sadness . Royals from Bhutan, Britain, Japan, Lesotho, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden, among others, attended the funeral ceremony on Thursday. Performances   including the Thai Khon masked dance   punctuated the evening and added a festive air to an otherwise somber day.  Officials in charge of the ceremony said about 110,000 people had gathered near the cremation area, with 200,000 more nearby. The realisation of the king s departure was now sinking in, said funeral ceremony volunteer Petchpailin Jaidee, 60.   The cremation makes it real,  she added.  I feel like he is truly gone, and it feels like the sky is falling.  A sum of $90 million has been set aside for the funeral, the likes of which has never been seen in Thailand, officials have said, even though King Bhumibol was portrayed as a frugal man despite being one of the world s wealthiest monarchs. Elsewhere in the Thai capital and around the country, 85 smaller replicas of the royal crematorium and more than 870 pavilions were built for mourners to lay sandalwood flowers and pay their final respects. Sites to offer sandalwood flowers were also set up in 94 countries to give overseas Thais a chance to say good-bye. Some onlookers clutched pictures of the late king and several prostrated themselves as the urn passed by.  I was very fortunate to have been born under the reign of King Rama IX,  said Piyamat Potsopho, 38, adding that she had waited for the funeral procession since Wednesday night. In Nonthaburi province north of Bangkok, a long queue of black-clad mourners waited to place sandalwood flowers in a mark of respect, as volunteers handed out food. Analysts say the king s death has left a large vacuum in the Thai psyche. King Bhumibol is often referred to as  father  by Thais and is credited with reviving the popularity of the monarchy. Days of heavy rain failed to deter mourners, many of whom pitched tents to secure the best access to the funeral. Many businesses around the Southeast Asian nation were shut, while Bangkok s old quarter was draped in garlands of flowers. Some government buildings placed potted marigolds around the  portraits of the king. King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, a day that Thais associate with the color yellow. The king s ashes and bones will be collected in an early morning ceremony on Friday. (For a graphic on 'Thai King's Funeral' click tmsnrt.rs/2leWzcQ) ",1
16398,"U.S.-led forces acknowledge killing 51 more civilians in Iraq, Syria","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State militants said on Thursday another 51 civilians had been killed in strikes in Iraq and Syria, raising the total number of civilians it has killed to 786 since 2014. The coalition said in a statement that during September, it had assessed 127 reports and the 51 additional deaths occurred in 16 incidents going back as far as February that it deemed were credible. The coalition, battling to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, says it goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties. The military s official tally is far below those of outside organizations. The monitoring group Airwars says at least 5,637 civilians have been killed by coalition strikes. Iraqi forces launched an attack to drive Islamic State from the last territory it holds in Iraq on Thursday and the Syrian army and its allies said they planned to march on the jihadists  last Syrian stronghold. The separate assaults across the Iraqi-Syrian frontier aim to deal a final blow to the Islamic State  caliphate  that has crumbled this year in Syria and Iraq, with the group losing the cities of Mosul, Raqqa and swathes of other territory. ",1
16399,German coalition parties not yet agreed on eurozone budget idea,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German parties exploring a possible coalition said on Thursday they wanted to discuss further the question of a euro zone budget   an idea pushed by French President Emmanuel Macron.  German-French cooperation is of paramount importance to us,  the three groups   the conservatives, pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens   said in a paper released during exploratory coalition talks. They also agreed to further discuss the future of the euro zone s rescue mechanism, the ESM, which some politicians want to turn into a more powerful European Monetary Fund. A negotiator for the Greens said the parties were far apart on this issue. ",1
16400,U.S. House passes ballistic missile sanctions on Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted nearly unanimously on Thursday for new sanctions on Iran s ballistic missile program, part of an effort to clamp down on Tehran without immediately moving to undermine an international nuclear agreement. The vote was 423 to two for the  Iran Ballistic Missiles and International Sanctions Enforcement Act.  Among other things, it calls on the U.S. president to report to Congress on the Iranian and international supply chain for Iran s ballistic missile program and to impose sanctions on Iranian government or foreign entities that support it. President Donald Trump said on Oct. 13 he would not certify Iran is complying with an international agreement on its nuclear program, and threatened that he might ultimately terminate the accord. Trump s action opened a 60-day window for Congress to act to reimpose sanctions on Iran s nuclear program that were lifted under the agreement, but there has been no move to do so in the House or Senate. Aides said that, for now, House lawmakers are focusing on clamping down on Iran in other ways such as the Hezbollah and missile-related sanctions. U.S. Representative Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, who sponsored the ballistic missile bill, has said the international nuclear deal should be strictly enforced by Washington working with its allies.  The United States must respond to the full range of threats and, with this bill.... that is what we are doing today,  he said. The House passed three other Iran-related measures on Wednesday, including new sanctions on Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia and a resolution urging the European Union to designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. [L2N1N02UY] To become law, the measure would have to pass the U.S. Senate and be signed into law by Trump. ",1
16401,Tillerson says Iraq must resist Iran influence,"GENEVA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday Iraq must stand on its own in the face of Iranian influence, while recognizing that the two states shared a long border and legitimate economic interests. Tillerson, who held talks with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad this week, was asked by reporters in Geneva about blunting Iran s influence.  What we are saying to the Iraqis is you must develop the capacity to stand on your own, he said. The United States remained very concerned about the fighting  that has erupted between Iraqi security forces and the Kurdish peshmerga militia over the Kurdish independence referendum, Tillerson said. He said that the United States was  disappointed that the parties have been unable to reach an entirely peaceful resolution  and that he had encouraged Abadi  to accept Erbil s (the Kurdistan regional government s) overtures for talks on the basis of the Iraqi constitution . ",1
16402,Too early to say if new legislation needed for Brexit transition deal: PM May's spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is not yet able to say if new legislation will be needed to implement a Brexit transition deal, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokeswoman said on Thursday, hours after a junior Brexit minister said the position was that it would be necessary.   We are looking to negotiate and agree an implementation period, we will do whatever is required to implement that, but it s a bit early to say exactly what that would be because it will be determined by exactly how we negotiate,  the spokeswoman said. ",1
16403,NATO says Russia misled West over scale of Zapad war games,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO accused Russia on Thursday of misleading the alliance over the scope of its war games last month in violation of rules meant to reduce East-West tensions, but Moscow said NATO was stirring up anti-Russian propaganda.   At a meeting with Russia s ambassador to the U.S.-led alliance, Alexander Grushko, NATO envoys said that Moscow had given conflicting accounts of the exercises known as Zapad, or  West , in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and its Kaliningrad outpost, diplomats said. NATO ambassadors pressed their message home at a meeting with Grushko at the NATO-Russia Council, a forum that was effectively suspended months after Moscow annexed the Crimean peninsula in March 2014, but now meets regularly again. Russia s defense ministry said the war games included some 12,700 troops and ran from Sept. 14 to Sept 20, with a fictional scenario focusing on attacks by militants. NATO says there were far more troops than 12,700 and they simulated an attack on the West during August and September.  Saying they are concerned that large-scale, unannounced exercises could accidentally trigger a conflict in eastern Europe between NATO and Russia, Western allies have pressed Moscow to be clear about its military exercises and to invite more observers.  The number of troops participating in the exercises significantly exceeded the number announced before the exercise, the scenario was a different one and the geographical scope was larger than previously announced,  NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg told reporters after the meeting. Under a Cold War-era treaty known as the Vienna document, which sets out rules for exercises, war games that number more than 13,000 troops should be open to observers who can also fly over the drills and allow them to talk to soldiers. NATO did send one expert to a visitor day in Russia and two experts to a visitor day in Belarus.  NATO diplomats say Moscow massed some 100,000 troops from the Arctic to eastern Ukraine, where Russia backs separatists, and used ballistic missiles and electronic warfare to test its combat capability in Europe.  Grushko said NATO s assessment was wrong and NATO was wrong to lump all the exercises going on in Russia last month under the Zapad name.  NATO countries are counting all the military activities that took place in the Russian Federation and counting them as part of Zapad,  he told a news conference after the meeting.   We don t accept the propaganda about the Russian exercises,  Grushko said.  It was an unprecedented propaganda attack,  he said.         Some western officials have expressed concern that parts of the Baltic states, which have large ethnic Russian minorities, could be seized by Moscow, much as Russia took control of Ukraine s Crimea in 2014. However, Stoltenberg said that Russia had withdrawn its troops from Belarus after the Zapad exercises. Baltic countries had feared Moscow might leave them on NATO s borders. ",1
16404,"Iraq, Syria converge on Islamic State's last strongholds","BAGHDAD/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi forces launched an attack to drive Islamic State from the last territory it holds in Iraq on Thursday and the Syrian army and its allies said they planned to march on the jihadist s last Syrian stronghold. The separate assaults across the Iraqi-Syrian frontier aim to deal a final blow to the Islamic State  caliphate  that has crumbled this year in Syria and Iraq, with the group losing the cities of Mosul, Raqqa and swathes of other territory. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said Islamic State fighters would have  to choose between death and surrender  as he announced the offensive on the region of Rawa and al-Qaim, which is located at the Syrian border. The Iraqi air force dropped thousands of leaflets on the border area calling on militants to surrender and urging the population to stay away from their positions, according to a statement from the Joint Operations Command in Baghdad.  Tell those among your children and relatives who took up a weapon against the state to throw it aside immediately, and to go to any house on top of which a white flag has been raised when the liberation forces enter al-Qaim,  said the text. Regular Iraqi army units, Sunni tribal forces and Iranian-backed paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation are taking part in the offensive toward the Syrian border, the Joint Operations Command said. In a statement welcoming the offensive, the U.S.-led international military coalition which has run an air campaign against Islamic State in both Syria and Iraq since 2014, said approximately 1,500 Islamic State fighters were estimated to be still in the immediate vicinity of al-Qaim. In Syria, Islamic State has been driven back into a strip of territory along the Euphrates River by separate offensives waged by the Syrian government and its allies on the one hand, and by Syrian militias backed by the U.S.-led coalition on the other. A report issued by a military news service run by Hezbollah, which is fighting in support of Damascus, said on Thursday that the army and its allies had captured the  T2  pumping station from Islamic State. This was  a launch pad for the army and its allies to advance towards the town of Albu Kamal ... which is considered the last remaining stronghold of the Daesh organization in Syria , it said. Around 70 km (40 miles) from T2, Albu Kamal is located on the west bank of the Euphrates at the Iraqi border in the Syrian province of Deir al-Zor, just over the frontier from al-Qaim on the Iraqi side. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor said the Syrian army had advanced from T2 to reach 45km from the outskirts of Albu Kamal. Syrian government forces and their allies have made rapid gains against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor in recent weeks.  They have advanced mostly in areas to the west of the Euphrates River where they have captured the town of al-Mayadin and besieged the last Islamic State-held pockets of Deir al-Zor city. The U.S.-led coalition is waging a separate campaign against the group in Deir al-Zor, focused on areas to the east of the Euphrates River. ",1
16405,Former Liberian warlord endorses George Weah for President,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Former Liberian warlord Prince Johnson has endorsed George Weah for president before a Nov. 7 run-off vote between the former soccer star and Vice President Joseph Boakai.  The endorsement should help Weah, who won 38.4 percent of the vote in the first round this month, more than anyone else but shy of the 50.1 percent needed to win outright. It also puts pressure on Boakai to drum up support from other candidates.  Johnson s endorsement of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in 2011 helped the Nobel Peace Prize winner get re-elected, though his influence has waned since then: he won 8 percent of votes this year, versus 11 percent in 2011.   I am humbled to announce ... my full and unflinching support in collaboration with the Congress for Democratic Change party of Senator George Weah,  Prince Johnson said at his Movement for Democracy and Reconstruction party headquarters.  The announcement follows two weeks of political wrangling, during which the two frontrunners from October s first round sought to gain support from a field of 18 other candidates.  Weah is popular and famous, mainly because of his star performances for Italian and French football clubs during the 1990s. But he lacks political experience, and his policies to alleviate widespread poverty and chronic under-development are vague, making extra support vital.  This is historic and we welcome that,  said CDC chairman Wilson Tarpeh. Johnson is  reading the writing on the wall. It tells you that the people of Liberia are tired of one-party  rule.  Johnson s attempt at playing kingmaker makes many in Liberia uncomfortable, given his role in the civil war that ended in 2003. In 1990, his band of troops took control of parts of the capital Monrovia to oust former president Samuel Doe, and he celebrated as the leader was executed. Still, his supporters are loyal and are expected to listen to his call to vote for Weah.   Johnson s backing will not win the vote alone for Weah, but it will certainly boost his prospects, especially as other candidates are also likely to throw their weight behind the opposition leader, sensing his momentum,  said Roddy Barclay, director at risk-advisory firm Africa Practice.   ",1
16406,Legal challenge to UK ruling party's Northern Irish alliance fails,"LONDON (Reuters) - A London court on Thursday rejected a legal challenge against the deal between Britain s ruling Conservatives and a Northern Ireland party that allowed the government to cobble together a parliamentary majority in June. After losing their majority in a disastrous snap election on June 8, Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservatives secured support from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) in return for a pledge to spend an extra 1 billion pounds in Northern Ireland. In a crowdfunded legal challenge brought by a Northern Irish citizen, lawyers argued that the deal, known as a confidence-and-supply agreement, was corrupt because it amounted to using public money to buy votes. But after a one-day hearing, the High Court rejected their arguments and denied permission for judicial review of the deal. The judges said neither of the grounds put forward against the deal was legally arguable. The challenge was launched by Ciaran McClean, a mental health worker and Green Party member living in Northern Ireland, who raised 92,000 pounds ($121,600) on a crowdfunding website and was present in court on Thursday. Lawyers acting for him told the court that  the Conservative Party purchased the political support of the DUP for the sum of 1 billion pounds  and that the deal was an offence under the Bribery Act 2010. Government lawyers responded that the public expenditure contemplated by the deal would be authorized by parliament, and that the criminal law of bribery did not apply to a confidence-and-supply agreement between political parties. On his fundraising page, McClean had written that the Conservative-DUP deal violated Northern Ireland s 1998 Good Friday peace agreement which ended decades of armed sectarian conflict in the province. Under the peace deal, the UK government is required to be impartial between unionists who want the province to remain part of the UK and republicans who aspire to become part of Ireland.  The government is threatening hard-won peace with their pact with the reactionary DUP,  McClean wrote. However, for technical legal reasons, that line of argument did not form part of the case heard by the High Court. May, who replaced David Cameron as prime minister after the Brexit referendum in June 2016, inherited a narrow parliamentary majority from him.  In April 2017, with opinion polls suggesting she had a double-digit lead over the opposition Labour Party, she called a snap election, hoping to increase her majority. But after an uninspiring campaign, they lost their majority. Support from the DUP s 10 members of parliament has enabled May to cling to power as Britain moves closer to the challenge of leaving the European Union. ",1
16407,Iceland's ruling Independence Party takes lead ahead of Saturday vote: poll,"REYKJAVIK/COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Iceland s centre-right Independence Party has pulled ahead in an opinion poll before Saturday s parliamentary vote, the second snap election in a year after a string of political scandals. The Independence Party, which was part of every government from 1980 to 2009 and has been in power since 2013, got 24 percent support in a poll published on Thursday by Frettabladid, Iceland s largest newspaper. The Left-Green party polled at 19 percent, while the Social Democrats stood to get 14.3 percent of votes as the third-biggest party. Just a week ago, the Independence Party and the Left-Greens stood neck and neck in polls at just under 20 percent each. A victory for the Independence Party would give Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson the right to try to form a new government. The Pirate Party, which rode a wave of anger against the establishment to become the third-biggest party in elections a year ago, stood to get 9 percent of votes, Thursday s poll showed. ",1
16408,Syria's Assad discussed peace process with Putin's envoy: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad discussed a forthcoming round of peace talks in the Kazakh capital, Astana, at a meeting with the Russian president s special envoy on Syria, Sergei Lavrentyev, RIA news agency said on Thursday. ",1
16409,Czech election winner Babis meets anti-EU party in hunt for viable government,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech billionaire Andrej Babis s ANO party met an anti-European Union, anti-immigration group on Thursday in search of a coalition partner as it struggles to convert a huge election win into a majority government.   ANO won three times the votes of its nearest rival in last weekend s election that saw a popular swing from mainstream traditional parties towards outsiders, echoing a recent shift in Europe in favor of anti-establishment groups.  But with Babis facing potential fraud charges, which he denies, most parties have ruled out any tie-up with ANO although it won over many voters with pledges to run the state like a business and weed out political corruption. The post-election limbo raises the risk that the 2018 state budget might not be approved within the deadline of year-end and kept open the possibility that ANO could opt for minority rule supported by far-left and far-right factions. On Thursday, ANO met the Freedom and Direct Democracy (SPD) party, which won 22 seats to ANO s 78. ANO has so far ruled out a block with the SPD but the two have found common ground on curbing immigration, a referendum law and welfare reform. ANO deputy chief Jaroslav Faltynek declined to say whether it would seek SPD support in a coalition or for a minority government.  We have not spoken with the SPD about a government today. We issued a clear stance, even before the election, that we would not form a government either with SPD or KSCM (Communists),  he told reporters.     Police are looking into whether Babis hid ownership of a convention centre that received a 2 million-euro EU subsidy in 2008 though it was intended for small businesses. He says the investigation was part of efforts to push him from politics. Babis has called single-party government unrealistic and says he aims to have a coalition by Christmas. He has been talking to the Social Democrats and Christian Democrats, ANO s partners in the outgoing government, the SPD, Communists, conservative Civic Democrats and the liberal Pirates. Turning to the SPD could raise eyebrows in Brussels as the party has demanded a referendum on membership in the EU, a risky move in the eurosceptic-leaning country of 10.6 million people. ",1
16410,Hezbollah says U.S. sanctions aim to stir unrest in Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Hezbollah member of the Lebanese parliament said on Thursday that proposed new U.S. sanctions against the powerful Iran-backed group aimed to provoke unrest in Lebanon. The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday endorsed new sanctions on the Shi ite Hezbollah militia, part of an effort to increase pressure on Iran. The new sanctions have not yet become law.   The sanctions law ... is a blatant interference in Lebanese internal affairs, a violation of its national sovereignty and an unacceptable targeting of the Lebanese people,  Hezbollah parliamentarian Hassan Fadlallah said in a televised statement.   America aims, through this aggressive behavior in legislation, to subjugate Lebanon, to stir unrest and deprive its people of development,  Fadlallah said. Hezbollah is in Lebanon s delicate, national unity government and fights alongside Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Syria s more than six-year long conflict.  It is classified as a terrorist group by Washington and on Wednesday the House of Representatives passed a resolution urging the European Union to do the same.  One of the measures passed by the House of Representatives was an amendment strengthening the 2015 U.S. Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act (HIFPA) which aimed to sever the group s global funding networks.  When HIFPA was introduced it caused alarm in Beirut where the government feared major damage to the banking sector that underpins Lebanon s economy.  But Lebanon s central bank Governor Riad Salameh told Reuters on Tuesday Lebanon had mechanisms already in place to deal with any new sanctions. Salameh also said this week the American Treasury appeared content with how Lebanon was applying sanctions regulations.   They consider the measures which Lebanon s central bank has put in place to be sufficient , he said after a visit to the U.S., in a statement distributed by Lebanon s presidential media office.   ",1
16411,Russian and Chinese heads of state to meet in first half of November,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday held a telephone conversation with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, and the two leaders agreed to meet in the first half of November, the Kremlin said. The meeting will take place on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific summit to be hosted by Vietnam, it said. ",1
16412,At least five killed as police fire at protest in Ethiopia,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - At least five people were killed in a town in Ethiopia s restive Oromiya region on Thursday after police opened fire during a protest, witnesses said. Protesters had blocked the main road in Ambo, some 130 km (80 miles) west of the capital Addis Ababa, to demonstrate against sugar shortages, before police arrived to disperse the crowd.  They (police) then fired live rounds. We know of ... five people who died from gunshot wounds,  one of the protesters told Reuters. Another witness said he saw up to 10 wounded people taken to hospital. The regional government s spokesman confirmed that deaths had occurred, but did not give details.  Demonstrations happening in Ambo have resulted in death and injuries,  Addisu Arega Kitessa said in a Facebook statement, adding that they were organized by  enemies  of the region. The province was wracked by protests for months in 2015 and 2016. Nearly 700 people were killed last year in one bout of unrest provoked by plans to implement a development scheme for Addis Ababa that opponents said amounted to a land grab, according to a parliament-mandated investigation.  Broader anti-government demonstrations over politics and human rights abuse then followed, forcing the government to impose a nine-month state of emergency that was finally lifted in August.  Separately, ethnic clashes killed at least 11 people this week in the same region. Another bout of violence along Oromiya s border with the country s Somali region last month displaced hundreds of thousands of people. The developments highlight tensions in the country where the government has delivered high economic growth but it often accused of curbing political freedoms. The government denies clamping down on free speech and blames rebel groups and dissidents abroad for stirring up violence. ",1
16413,Hiroshima survivor to jointly receive Nobel Peace Prize with ICAN,"OSLO (Reuters) - An 85-year-old survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima will jointly accept the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize together with this year s laureate, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, ICAN said on Thursday. Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 at the time of the bombing on Aug. 6, 1945, will be on stage in Oslo on Dec. 10 together with Beatrice Fihn, ICAN s executive director, to receive the Nobel Peace Prize award.   Thurlow has been a leading figure in ICAN since its launch in 2007,  ICAN said in a statement on Thursday.  She played a pivotal role in the United Nations negotiations that led to the adoption of the landmark treaty outlawing nuclear weapons in July.  Thurlow has for seven decades campaigned against nuclear weapons. Born in Japan, she now lives in Canada.  At Hiroshima, she was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building about 1.8 kilometres (1.1 mile) from Ground Zero. Most of her classmates, who were in the same room, were burned alive, she said in an account of her experiences.  In her speech announcing the prize in October, the leader of the Norwegian Nobel Committee said the risk that nuclear weapons might be used was now  greater than it has been for a long time . ",1
16414,Germany investigating reports of refugees forced into prostitution,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German authorities are investigating reports that asylum seekers in a Berlin refugee camp were forced into prostitution, officials said, adding that they had not been able to confirm that such incidents had taken place. The allegations come amid heightened concern at Germany s ability to integrate the 1.1 million refugees who arrived in 2015 and 2016. The political parties negotiating to form a new national coalition government are arguing over whether to impose a cap on immigration numbers. Broadcaster ZDF reported on Tuesday that employees of a security company that runs several refugee camps in Berlin were luring asylum seekers, some of them minors, into prostitution. Both national government and Berlin city officials said they were investigating the allegations, and Berlin said its staff would be given further training to help them identify such cases.  If the allegations of security staff profiting from and driving refugees into prostitution are true, these would be very serious charges,  said government spokesman Steffen Seibert said.  Exploiting the material hardship in which many refugees and immigrants live is totally unacceptable. Forcing people into prostitution is morally reprehensible,  he said. ",1
16415,EU awards human rights prize to Venezuelan opposition,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Venezuela s democratic opposition was awarded the European Union s human rights award on Thursday and the European Parliament called for a peaceful transition to democracy in the troubled country. The prize, named after Soviet physicist and dissident Andrei Sakharov, was awarded to Venezuela s opposition-led National Assembly legislature, which the government has stripped of powers, and all political prisoners, the EU parliament said. Venezuela is suffering from a harsh economic crisis and President Nicolas Maduro s government has clamped down on the opposition, jailing or otherwise barring from office many dissenting leaders and activists.  Today we are supporting a nation s freedom struggle,  European Parliament President Antonio Tajani said.  We also want to launch an appeal for a peaceful transition towards democracy and an opening of a humanitarian corridor to ease the suffering,  he added.     Julio Borges, head of Venezuela s National Assembly, tweeted that it was an honor to receive the award on behalf of the whole of Venezuela, adding:  The international community recognizes our people.  The European Parliament s left-wing group GUE/NGL, which includes parties such as Germany s Die Linke, Ireland s Sinn Fein and Greece s ruling Syriza, said it would boycott the award ceremony, saying the decision was politically charged. Previous winners of the prize, first awarded in 1988, include Pakistani education activist Malala Yousafzai and South African President Nelson Mandela. ",1
16416,German coalition candidates want 40 percent cut in CO2 emissions by 2020: sources,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties in exploratory talks on forming a coalition government agreed on Thursday to stick to climate goals that envisage cutting CO2 emissions to 40 percent of 1990 levels by 2020, sources said. But negotiators from Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) did not debate concrete measures such as a possible exit from coal-based energy production, the sources added. One source added that the initial agreement still needs to be approved by party leaders at later meetings. Germany needs to implement additional measures to reach the 40 percent emissions reduction goal otherwise it will only achieve a 32 percent cut in CO2 emissions. ",1
16417,Catalan leader Puigdemont set to call regional election,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan president Carles Puigdemont is set to call a snap regional election, political allies said, a move that could help break a one-month deadlock between the Madrid government and separatists seeking a split from Spain. The uncertainty remained high however as Puigdemont who had announced he would deliver an address at 1.30 p.m. (1130 GMT), first delayed it by one hour and then canceled it, triggering speculation he could still change his mind. Several members of his pro-independence coalition said he would dissolve the regional parliament and call the vote. The regional broadcaster said he would deliver a speech in the assembly at 5 p.m., as had initially been planned.  Barcelona-based La Vanguardia said he would call the vote for Dec. 20 and was taking the decision in a bid to persuade the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy not to enforce direct rule in the region, which he might do as soon as Friday. The Catalan secessionist drive is Spain s worst political crisis since the military dictatorship of Francisco Franco ended in 1975. It has fractured society and hundreds of companies have left the region. It is also the most serious challenge to the integrity of a Western European country since an independence referendum in Scotland in 2014, when voters in the end chose to stay part of the United Kingdom. European leaders fear it could spur secessionist ambitions in other parts of the continent. But cracks appeared late on Wednesday in the independence coalition as some members backed an election while others said there was no alternative to independence. Within minutes of Thursday s developments, several pro-secession lawmakers and mayors announced they were stepping down.  I don t share the decision to call an election. I am resigning as a lawmaker and a member of PdeCat (Puigdemont s Catalan Democratic Party),  said Jordi Cuminal on Twitter. Several hundred people also took to the streets and gathered on Placa Sant Jaume, in front of the Catalan government s headquarters in central Barcelona.  Puigdemont traitor,  a big banner read. Far-left party CUP, a key support for Puigdemont s minority government, said it would oppose a vote.  Until now, pro-independence supporters had one problem: the Spanish state. If elections are called, they will have two,  it said on twitter. Demand for Spanish debt and shares jumped when it emerged Puigdemont could call an election. Spain s 10-year government bond yield - which moves inversely to price - fell 6 basis points to 1.58 percent on the news. The stock index IBEX rose 1.9 percent to a four-week high.  This news is positive for Spain because it looks like Puigdemont is looking for ways other than declaring independence,  said ING strategist Martin van Vliet.  It sounds like he is calling these elections so that Madrid does not have to invoke article 155,  that would allow central government to suspend the wealthy region s autonomy. It is not yet clear whether Rajoy will impose direct rule as planned or simply seek the Senate s authorisation to do so but stop short of making it effective. His government said earlier this week that calling a snap election would not be enough, and Puigdemont would also have to withdraw an ambiguous declaration of independence he made on Oct. 10. An election could either strengthen Puigdemont s mandate if pro-independence parties won, or allow him a graceful exit if they did not. An opinion poll published by the El Periodico newspaper on Sunday showed a snap election would probably have results similar to the last ballot, in 2015, when a coalition of pro-independence parties formed a minority government. ",1
16418,Catalan separatist party will leave regional government if election called: source,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan pro-independence party ERC would leave the regional government if regional president Carles Puigdemont calls a snap election, a party source said on Thursday. Puigdemont is set to call a snap regional election, according to political allies, a move that could help break a one-month deadlock between the Madrid government and separatists seeking a split from Spain.  It is not justified. It is an explicit renouncement of the Oct. 1 mandate without any sort of compensation,  the party source said. ",1
16419,"Turkish court remands Turkey's Amnesty chairman in custody, Amnesty says","ANKARA (Reuters) - A Turkish court remanded Amnesty International s local board chairman in custody on Thursday, Amnesty Turkey said, hours after its local director was released by a separate court. The group s chairman, Taner Kilic, has been in prison since June in the coastal province of Izmir on terrorism charges. Prosecutors say he downloaded ByLock, a messaging application used by supporters of Fethullah Gulen, the U.S.-based cleric  Turkey says was behind a failed coup last year. On Wednesday an Istanbul court ordered the release on bail of eight human rights activists, including the director of the local branch of Amnesty International, pending a verdict in their trial on terrorism charges. The Izmir court merged Kilic s case with that of the rights activists in Istanbul. The next hearing for all 11 defendants will be held on Nov. 22.  Over the last 24 hours we have seen the twin hands of Turkey s fickle justice system at play. While one grants liberty, the other, confronted with no less baseless charges, takes it away,  said Salil Shetty, Amnesty International s Secretary General.  The release... late last night restored some faith in Turkey s justice system. Today, that faith has been washed away.  Separately, prominent activist and businessman Osman Kavala s detention period has been extended for another seven days, one of lawyers representing him told Reuters. Kavala, who took part in several civil initiatives for the protection of human rights and resolutions of the Kurdish issues in Turkey, was initially detained at Istanbul s Ataturk Airport last week, as part of a secret investigation which drew reaction from Ankara s western allies. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said Kavala was behind the Gezi uprising, a referral to the 2013 mass protests against Erdogan s rule. ",1
16420,Kenya vote delayed to October 28 in four counties: commission,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election commission said polling stations had opened in the much of the country on Thursday but voting had been hampered by  security challenges  in a number of places where voting would be delayed until Oct. 28. Wafula Chebukati, head of the election commission, said areas where voting would be delayed included Homa Hay, Kisumu, Migori and Siaya - all in the opposition stronghold of western Kenya. ",1
16421,"After Islamic State, ruined Raqqa fears new strife"," RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - The morning after Islamic State s defeat in Raqqa, a local militia fighter stood in a square in the ruined, deserted city center.  There will be more problems here,  he said.  The 19-year-old, who gave his name as Moro, was one of few Raqqa natives to witness the aftermath of the battle for the Syrian city. Victory celebrations by Kurdish forces felt muted - there were no civilians left. It was the  liberation  of a ghost town.   Daesh is to blame for this,  said Moro, an Arab who joined the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces militia alliance (SDF) to fight Islamic State, known pejoratively as Daesh, after fleeing Raqqa two years before.   But not everyone will see it that way. If destruction remains, people will blame the coalition, and maybe us.   The cost of the campaign to oust Islamic State from its former Syrian capital is the destruction of the city, the death and maiming of hundreds of civilians and displacement of tens of thousands.  As the dust settles, Raqqa s traumatized population fears new violence.  Rebuilding Raqqa, which resembles wrecked Syrian cities like Aleppo and Homs, will take years, meaning long-term homelessness for many - an issue already fuelling resentment against the forces that helped end Islamic State s detested  caliphate .  SDF supporters worry resentment will turn into unrest, pitting them against those who were more sympathetic to Islamic State, or who oppose what is increasingly perceived as Kurdish control of the majority Arab city.  The flags of the Kurdish YPG militia that spearheads the SDF were the first to fly above former Islamic State strongholds in Raqqa. Fighters chanted Kurdish slogans. The SDF declared the city would become part of Kurdish-led autonomy plans for northern Syria.  Many residents welcomed the U.S.-backed militias even as air strikes killed their relatives, saying the SDF at least treated them well.  But euphoria is giving way to a realization there is nothing for most to go back to. The U.S. State Department says it could be months if not longer before mines and debris are cleared and people can return.  Officials say frustration will be exploited by the SDF s enemies: Turkey, which is fighting a Kurdish insurgency of its own, and President Bashar al-Assad, who has vowed to retake all of Syria.  Raqqa has in turn been controlled by Assad, rebel groups and then the jihadists in Syria s six-year-old conflict. The forces now in control promise democracy and the council staffed by locals plans to hold elections.   We re done with Daesh. The regime can t return either,  Moro said, referring to Assad s Damascus-based government.  He stood at the spot where Islamic State whipped him 130 times for missing prayers. He and his brother spied on the group for the U.S. coalition by secretly filming key locations before his brother was found out and executed, he said.     Signs of Islamic State s brutality litter Raqqa. Fighters last week searched a former prison set up underneath Raqqa stadium. Some cells were not big enough to sit up in.  On Naeem roundabout, where jihadists held public executions, a local woman said she once counted 77 decapitated heads on spikes.  Some 260,000 people fled the fighting. For now, most live in crowded camps and abandoned buildings with barely any water, electricity, food or medicine.  Those who fled abroad are unlikely to return, relatives say.  The few locals to see Raqqa after the expulsion of Islamic State include SDF fighters and civilians who did not flee. Others are desperate to get in.  At a checkpoint on Raqqa s outskirts, a crowd of people displaced for months argued with militiamen, demanding to inspect their houses.   They say the area s mined. It s not, people have been across. You need connections. Kurds are allowed in,  Sara Hussein, 58, said.   Has Raqqa not been freed? It s over. We saw the parades on TV - we want to go home.   The SDF did not immediately comment but says it fairly represents all ethnicities in areas it controls.  The residents wanted to fetch winter clothes, worrying properties would be looted. One man said the SDF questioned him and confiscated his papers.  Others have been more thoroughly interrogated. They are among those Moro fears will resent the SDF.  A former Islamic State employee, who gave his name as Abu Furqan, was pushed out of Raqqa on his wheelchair by neighbours as they fled.  The 23-year-old had lost both legs in an air strike in August, and sat outside a mosque asking Red Crescent workers for painkillers. His wounds had been sewn up in an Islamic State clinic. Raqqa has no working hospitals.   I did odd jobs for Daesh - manning police checkpoints, and driving around distributing water to fighters. Will I be interrogated again?  he said.  Islamic State wages were good, he said.  He avoided questions about whether he still sympathized with jihadists or opposed the SDF, replying:  When Daesh first came, some people were more afraid of what the U.S. reaction would be,  a reference to air strikes.  The final days of the battle for Raqqa were marked by tension between the coalition and tribal leaders who demanded air strikes stop for the sake of trapped civilians while they negotiated safe exit for some militants, council officials said.  One tribal leader said the coalition should compensate bereaved families.  For now, people just want to return.  Moro kept muttering:  It s destroyed.   ",1
16422,Serbia's pensioners rally against government austerity measures,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Hundreds of Serbian pensioners rallied in Belgrade on Thursday to protest austerity measures introduced as part of a 1.2 billion euro ($1.41 billion) loan deal with the International Monetary Fund. Chanting  thieves  and carrying banners reading  we are hungry , the pensioners demanded that the government and Serbia s constitutional court annul austerity cuts imposed in 2014 and refund lost pension payouts. The government of then Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic signed a three-year loan deal with the IMF in February 2015 after Belgrade committed to austerity to cut its ballooning debt and budget deficit. To secure the deal, in late 2014 it lowered public sector wages and pensions by between five and 25 percent.   As many as 700,000 people lost a quarter of their monthly income ... we ve been paying to that (retirement) fund for 45 years, hoping for a stable old age,  said protester Milorad Pavicic, 80.  About 1.7 million of Serbia s 7 million citizens are retirees and the government spends 13 percent of GDP on pensions, World Bank data show. The average pension in Serbia, a candidate to join the European Union, is 190 euros, among the lowest in eastern Europe. Earlier this month, Serbia s current Prime Minister Ana Brnabic said the government will raise wages for doctors, teachers and army officers by 10 percent and pensions by five percent from January next year.  Pensioners were also slated to receive a one-off payment of up to 6,000 Serbian dinars ($59.38) in 2017. Thursday s protesters dismissed the measures as insufficient. The government has yet to discuss the wage and pension rises with the IMF s mission, in a final review of the deal this month and next.  The lender cut Serbia s 2017 growth forecast to 2.3 percent from 3.0 percent, citing a drop in electricity output in winter and lower than expected harvest due to months of drought. ",1
16423,Philippines' Duterte orders army to recruit 10 new battalions to crush militants,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Thursday ordered the new army commander to recruit and organize 10 new infantry battalions to crush remnants of pro-Islamic State militants, days after they were defeated in a southern city. The military on Monday declared victory over the Maute group, which seized control in Marawi City on May 23, after killing the last 40 remaining militants, including a few foreign fighters. More than 1,100 people, including 165 soldiers, died in the five-month conflict.  We were instructed to organize ten additional battalions,  new military chief Lieutenant-General Rey Leonardo Guerrero told reporters after Duterte installed him to head the 130,000-strong armed forces. One battalion comprises about 500 soldiers.  We really intend to put pressure and sustain effort to be able to finish all of them and complete the resolution of armed conflict in the country.  The Philippines has been waging protracted guerrilla warfare for nearly 50 years against Maoist rebels and Muslim separatists that has killed more than 160,000 people, displaced two million and stunted growth in resource-rich rural areas. Guerrero, who was promoted from army commander in Duterte s home region on the southern island of Mindanao, said the army had also been ordered by the president to try to defeat the 4,000-strong communist New People s Army. Duterte broke off negotiations with the Maoist rebels early this year due to continued attacks on mines, plantations, construction and other companies to raise funds, as well as attacks on isolated army and police outposts. The government is engaged in peace talks with Muslim separatists trying to carve out an autonomous region in the south, enlisting the main Moro Islamic Liberation Front to help fight a small group of rebels who have pledged allegiance to Islamic State.  We already have timetables and targets and I intend to meet that,  Guerrero, who only has two months to serve before he retires, said.  The military has a multi-year program, it s not dependent on personalities, but its tasks are lined up regardless of who assumes the leadership.    ",1
16424,Former minister for Argentina's Fernandez arrested,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Julio De Vido, an ex-minister in former Argentine President Cristina Fernandez s government, was jailed after turning himself in to authorities on Wednesday, marking an anti-corruption milestone in a country known for impunity. Congress voted to strip former planning minister and current lawmaker De Vido of his parliamentary immunity earlier in the day, and he later appeared at a federal judge s chambers in Buenos Aires where he was taken into custody. He faces charges in two separate corruption cases. Argentina s Congress rarely removes lawmakers  immunity and De Vido is the most powerful official from the 2007-2015 Fernandez era to be jailed. Local television showed police escorting De Vido from the chamber but covered his face with riot shields. He was then driven to Ezeiza jail outside the capital city, where he will be detained indefinitely.  This is a scandal. In a state of law sentences are applied after a conviction,  De Vido s lawyer Maximiliano Rusconi told local television. Corruption allegations dogged Fernandez s government and isolated her politically ahead of a Senate race on Oct. 22. De Vido is under investigation in a case involving the Patagonian coal mine Rio Turbio. Prosecutors accuse him of embezzling state funds allocated for the mine. He has denied any wrongdoing. A three-judge panel ordered De Vido s arrest last week, saying he should be jailed to prevent him fleeing or interfering with the case.  Fernandez won a Senate seat for the province of Buenos Aires under Argentina s list system on Sunday, but finished second, lessening her chances of staging a comeback for the presidency in 2019.  De Vido was in charge of running energy infrastructure projects under Fernandez, a left-leaning populist who was succeeded by business-friendly President Mauricio Macri in late 2015.  Fernandez, the subject of corruption investigations herself, has acknowledged there was likely corruption during her government but denies personal involvement. ",1
16425,U.N. rejects Myanmar claim that it agreed to help build housing for refugees,"YANGON (Reuters) - A UN settlement program, UN-Habitat in Myanmar, on Thursday rejected a state media report that it had agreed to help build housing for people fleeing violence in the northern Myanmar state of Rakhine, where an army operation has displaced hundreds of thousands. The development underscores tension between Myanmar and the United Nations, which in April criticized the government s previous plan to resettle Rohingya Muslims displaced by last year s violence in  camp-like  villages. More than 600,000 have crossed to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants sparked an army crackdown. The United Nations says killings, arson and rape carried out by troops and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist mobs since then amount to a campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya.         The state-run Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper said on Thursday that UN-Habitat had agreed to provide technical assistance in housing displaced people in Rakhine and the agency would work closely with the authorities to  implement the projects to be favorable to Myanmar s social culture and administrative system .  But Stanislav Saling, spokesman for the office of the U.N. resident coordinator in Myanmar, told Reuters in an email that  no agreements were reached so far  after the agency s representatives attended a series of meetings with Myanmar officials this week in its capital Naypyitaw.   The UN-Habitat mission emphasized that resettlement should be conducted in accordance with the principles of housing and property restitution for refugees and displaced persons to support their safe and dignified return to their places of origin,  he said, responding on behalf of UN-Habitat. UN-Habitat welcomed the interest of the Myanmar government in international norms and standards, he added.  The United Nations  principles state that all refugees or displaced persons have the right to return to property or land from which they were arbitrarily or unlawfully removed.  Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has pledged that anyone sheltering in Bangladesh who can prove they were Myanmar residents can return, but it remains unclear whether those refugees would be allowed to return to their homes.  Rohingya who return to Myanmar are unlikely to be able to reclaim their land, and may find their crops have been harvested and sold by the government, according to Myanmar officials and plans seen by Reuters. Buddhist-majority Myanmar in August suggested that UN agencies such as the World Food Program have provided food to Rohingya insurgents, adding to pressure on aid groups which had to suspend activities in Rakhine and pull out most of their staff.  Still, Soe Aung, permanent secretary at the Ministry of Social Welfare who attended the meetings with UN-Habitat,  insisted that the agency had agreed to give assistance and the two sides will meet again on November 8.   We have reached an agreement with the UN for technical assistance. We will discuss more details on how to proceed,  he told Reuters.  The Myanmar military said on Thursday that it will withdraw  some  of the security forces carrying out clearance operations in northern Rakhine and dispatch them to the state capital, Sittwe, as an auxiliary force. Thousands of refugees have continued to arrive cross the Naf river separating Rakhine and Bangladesh in recent days, even though Myanmar says military operations ceased on Sept. 5.  ",1
16426,UK's Johnson says Poles' post-Brexit rights protected 'whatever happens',"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign minister Boris Johnson said Poles in Britain  will be protected, whatever happens  after Brexit, in comments publicized on Thursday that appeared to go further than Prime Minister Theresa May on guaranteeing the rights of EU citizens. Johnson was speaking on Oct. 17 at the Belvedere Forum on UK-Polish relations, according to the British Embassy in Warsaw in remarks which were reported by The Guardian newspaper on Thursday.   I have only one message for you all tonight, you know exactly what it is: You are loved, you are welcome, your rights will be protected, whatever happens,  Johnson said in a video posted by the embassy on its Twitter feed.  Earlier this month, May said it was a priority to protect EU citizens  rights and an agreement with the EU was near but the government has resisted calls to unilaterally guarantee their rights.  In a letter to EU citizens last week, May said:   I want to give reassurance that this issue remains a priority, that we are united on the key principles, and that the focus over the weeks to come will be delivering an agreement that works for people here in the UK, and people in the EU.  A Foreign Office spokeswoman said Johnson was not diverging from May s comments:  The Foreign Secretary was simply reiterating our determination to achieve this.   Last year there were just over 900,000 Poles living in Britain, according to the Office for National Statistics and Johnson praised their contribution to British life including through 30,000 businesses.  But some have returned home in recent months, concerned about their status following the Brexit referendum which many saw as a vote against recent immigration from Eastern Europe. Johnson, who is known for his outspoken comments, has professed loyalty to May in recent weeks but his interventions have been seen as undermining her authority, which was severely weakened after a botched June 7 snap election.    ",1
16427,Catalan leader's address canceled: regional government,"MADRID (Reuters) - A statement by the leader of Spain s northeastern region of Catalonia Carles Puigdemont due to have been made at 1430 CET (1230 GMT) on Thursday has been canceled, the regional government said.  ",1
16428,Brexit transition deal will require new UK legislation: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government is planning to pass a separate piece of legislation through parliament to approve the terms of the transitional period it wants to smooth its exit from the European Union, a junior Brexit minister said on Thursday. Asked by a parliamentary committee if the government would require separate legislation to enact the so-called implementation period, he said:  That is our position, yes.  ",1
16429,"On front page of China's flagship paper, Xi gets Mao-like prominence","BEIJING (Reuters) - The ruling Communist Party s flagship newspaper on Thursday provided more evidence that President Xi Jinping should be regarded as China s most powerful leader since Mao Zedong after this week s party congress. Xi s official portrait dominated the People s Daily s front page report on the unveiling of the party s new top leadership. Below that was a smaller group photograph of the new top leadership - the seven members of the Politburo Standing Committee including Xi. It is a stark departure from recent precedent, with Mao Zedong the last leader to be granted such status on the front page after the party conclave - which is held once every five years. The People s Daily did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Since Deng Xiaoping introduced collective leadership three decades ago to ward off the rise of another Mao-like cult of personality, the official portraits of all newly-selected Politburo Standing Committee members have been presented together on the front page in a grid.  The portrait of the party s top leader, the general secretary, is usually only slightly more prominent; reflecting his position as the first among equals.  Xi is the party s general secretary, chairman of the Central Military Commission, and president of the country. In Thursday s People s Daily, the portraits and biographical information of the six other standing committee members - Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji and Han Zheng - were relegated to the inside pages.  That s definitely the first time since Mao,  said Ryan Manuel, a China expert at the University of Hong Kong, referring to Xi s oversized portrait on the front of the paper. The People s Daily is closely parsed by party cadres and others, and sets the tone for media coverage in state-run newspapers at the provincial level. Manuel said the paper closely followed regimented rules and norms and would have done so especially meticulously for its  most important front page in five years .  It s a strict system,  he said.  The rules of placement and the rules of what type of photos you put on there are incredibly tightly argued and defined.  Xi s status as China s most powerful leader since Mao was underlined on Wednesday when the party, in another break with precedent, revealed a new leadership line-up without naming an obvious successor to him. There has been persistent speculation Xi could seek to stay on in some capacity beyond the end of the customary second five-year term in power, which ends in 2022. During the congress, Xi became the first leader since Mao to have a political ideology bearing his name enshrined in the party s constitution while in office. ",1
16430,China's Xi meets military in first event since new leaders unveiled,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping met senior military leaders on Thursday and pressed them on his goal of having world class armed forces by the middle of the century, his first publicly announced meeting with them since a new leadership was unveiled. Xi, who is also head of the military and the ruling Communist Party, has made military modernisation a key policy platform, with advanced new equipment like stealth jets and aircraft carriers either already in service or development. The armed forces have also been a focus of Xi s fight against deep-seated corruption, with dozens of senior officials investigated and jailed. In his first publicly reported meeting with top officers since Wednesday s unveiling of his new Standing Committee, a seven-man body that is the height of power in China, Xi pushed home his modernisation message. The military must ensure it is a world-class service by 2050, Xi said, in comments carried by state media, a goal he set last week at the opening of a key party congress. The armed forces must  fully recognize the bright prospects for a strong military , Xi told them.  Put into practice one hundred percent military construction.  Though China has not fought a war in decades, it has been taking an increasingly assertive stance in the disputed East and South China Seas, as well as over self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by Beijing as its own, rattling nerves around the region. China says that it has only peaceful intentions, but that it needs a modern military to protect its interests and citizens around the world and that it will never compromise on China s sovereignty and territorial integrity. ",1
16431,Failure to pass UK's Brexit bill would create legal holes: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Failure to pass the government s flagship piece of Brexit legislation through parliament will result in holes in the statute book and increased uncertainty, two junior British ministers said on Thursday.  This bill is about how we leave, it s about delivering certainty and continuity in the law as we leave the European Union,  said Steve baker, a minister in the Brexit department.  If this bill were not to pass ... then of course there would be holes in the statute book. The result would be that the statute book would not function as intended.     ",1
16432,Red Cross says has access to Islamic State families held near Mosul,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Thursday it had access to more than 1,300 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State militants following concerns expressed for the safety of the families held by Iraqi forces near Mosul. The neutral aid agency called on all sides in the wars in Iraq and Syria to treat detainees in line with international law that prohibits torture or executions and enshrines the right to a fair trial. More than 300 of the detained foreign families in Iraq came from Turkey, many others from former Soviet states, such as Tajikistan, Azerbaijan and Russia, according to preliminary figures from the Iraqi army.  Currently we visit and provide humanitarian assistance to some 1,300 women and children of several dozen nationalities who are detained in Iraq near Mosul,  Patrick Hamilton, ICRC deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa, told a news briefing. Last month, foreign aid agencies in Iraq said they were  gravely concerned  about the fate of the families. The women and children have been in Iraqi custody since August 30 following the fall of the city of Tal Afar.  It is the largest group of foreigners linked to Islamic State to be held by Iraqi forces since they began driving the militants from Mosul and other areas in northern Iraq last year. The ICRC denounced some authorities and militias in the Iraq and Syria wars against Islamic State who have vowed to  annihiliate  the enemy, but declined to name names. Such  dehumanisation  of the enemy could lead to unlawful torture or executions, Hamilton warned.  Talk of annihilation or extermination contributes to perpetuating the problem rather than solving it.  International humanitarian law protects civilians and former combatants, he said. The ICRC has a  good level of dialogue  with Iraqi authorities and has visited detention facilities in Iraq holding 44,000 people so far this year, Hamilton said. Thousands of foreigners have been fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and an unknown number of them are now detained. Hamilton said the ICRC was already in talks about potential repatriation of foreign fighters.  We are ready to play the role of a neutral intermediary to assist these states in carrying out that, the return of their individual citizens,  he said.  Indeed we have been in dialogue with a number of different states and the Iraqi authorities in relation to this over recent weeks, he said. Hamilton, asked about media reports of executions by U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) following the fall of the jihadist capital in Raqqa, Syria, said that an ICRC team had been in the  chaotic  northeastern city last week.  No, we frankly don t have first-hand information in regards to extrajudicial killings or any such like ... clearly we remain concerned in the aftermath of Raqqa as we do after Mosul, Hawija, Tal Afar and so forth,  he said. ",1
16433,Islamist militants 'taken out of action' in Mali: French military,"PARIS (Reuters) - The French military has targeted Islamist militants in northern Mali near the border with Algeria and took 15 militants  out of action , an armed forces spokesman said on Thursday. It was not immediately clear if the operation had any connection to the pursuit of assailants who killed four U.S. soldiers in an ambush on Oct. 4 in western Niger, about 400 kilometres to the south. The French operation in the region of Abeibara took place overnight on Monday and targeted members of Islamist militant group Ansar Dine, the spokesman said. It involved French Mirage jets, attack helicopters and forces on the ground, he added without providing details on how many of the 15 militants targeted had been killed or wounded.  France intervened in Mali to ward off an offensive by Islamist militants that began in 2012. Around 4,000 of its troops remain in the region as part of Operation Barkhane, where they work alongside around 10,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Mali. The U.S. deaths have drawn attention to counter-terror efforts in the arid Sahel region where an Islamist insurgency involving countless armed groups has been intensifying for years, regularly killing local soldiers. ",1
16434,Spanish markets rise on report of possible Catalan election,"LONDON (Reuters) - Spanish government bonds and stocks were in demand on Thursday after a media report said Catalonian President Carles Puigdemont was set to call a snap regional election for Dec. 20, a move that could ease tensions with Madrid.  Barcelona-based La Vanguardia said Puigdemont had taken the decision in a bid to persuade the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy not to enforce direct rule in the region. Puigdemont will make a statement at 1330 CET (1130 GMT), the regional government said.  This news is positive for Spain because it looks like Puigdemont is looking for ways other than declaring independence,  said ING strategist Martin van Vliet.   It sounds like he is calling these elections so that Madrid does not have to invoke article 155,  that would allow central government to suspend the wealthy region s autonomy. Spain s 10-year government bond yield - which moves inversely to price - fell 6 basis points to 1.58 percent on the news.  Spain s country stock index IBEX rose as much as 1.9 percent to a four-week high.  The gap between Spanish and German 10-year government bond yields   a keenly watched measure of market sentiment towards Spain   moved to its tightest in a month.  The spread between the two widened sharply earlier this month after Catalonia voted overwhelmingly in favor of breaking away from Spain, albeit on a low turnout, in an Oct. 1 referendum declared illegal by authorities in Madrid.  ",1
16435,Japan business lobby throws weight behind PM Abe's wage hike plan,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The head of Japan s largest business lobby on Thursday backed the prime minister s plan for companies to raise wages by 3 percent next year, boosting the chance that household spending will drive up consumer prices. Wages at big companies have been rising slightly more than 2 percent each year since 2014, government data shows, and an increase of 3 percent or more next year would help the Bank of Japan to reach its inflation target.  The business community realizes that society demands higher wages, so we want to take more aggressive steps to raise wages,  a government official quoted Sadayuki Sakakibara, chairman of the Keidanren business lobby, as telling a meeting of the government s top advisory panel. At the meeting, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe laid out a plan to encourage companies to raise wages and spend more money on capital expenditure with tax breaks. The push for higher wages is an important part of Abe s economic agenda, which has strong public support following his ruling coalition s comfortable victory in parliamentary elections on Oct. 22. ",1
16436,Iraqi PM Abadi demands Kurds cancel secession bid as price for talks,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s prime minister demanded on Thursday that Kurds declare their independence referendum void, rejecting the Kurdish autonomous region s offer to suspend its independence push to resolve a crisis through talks.  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the Constitution,  Haider al-Abadi said in a statement during a visit to Tehran. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) proposed on Wednesday an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi Constitution . The Kurds have been swiftly making concessions to Baghdad since last week, when Abadi sent his forces to seize all Kurdish-held territory outside of three autonomous provinces. A startlingly rapid advance by government troops transformed the balance of power in northern Iraq within a matter of days and has wrecked decades-old dreams of Kurdish independence that had come to a head last month with a referendum on secession.  Baghdad has always considered the Kurdish secession referendum illegal. Abadi s visit to Iran on Thursday follows a trip to Turkey on Wednesday, a diplomatic offensive that has shored up support from Iraq s neighbors for his hard line. Turkey s foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Thursday the Kurdish offer to suspend the push for independence was a step in the right direction but did not go far enough. Abadi has ordered his army to recapture all disputed territory and has demanded central control of Iraq s border crossings with Turkey, including the oil export pipeline hub at Fish-Khabur, located just inside the Kurdish autonomous region. A media assistant to Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani said Kurdish security forces, known as Peshmerga, had repelled three attacks by Iraqi forces, two in the direction of Fish-Khabur, and one in Perde, on the road linking Kirkuk to the KRG capital Erbil, destroying several tanks and armored vehicles. Iraqi authorities did not confirm this account of fighting. Both contested areas have important oil assets. The fighting between the central government and the Kurds is particularly tricky for the United States which is a close ally of both sides, arming and training both the Kurds and the central government s army to fight Islamic State. Iraq is one of the only countries in the world that is closely allied to both the United States and Iran, and Tehran has used the Kurdish separatism bid as a way to drive a wedge between Washington and Baghdad. Iran s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Abadi in Tehran that he should not rely on the United States in the fight against Islamic State.  Unity was the most important factor in your gains against terrorists and their supporters,  Khamenei said, according to state TV.  Don t trust America ... It will harm you in the future.  Last week, Abadi spurned a call from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to send  home  Iranian-backed paramilitary fighters. Abadi s office called paramilitaries  patriots . The Kurdish crisis has broken out even as Iraq is about to finally defeat Islamic State, also known as ISIL, ISIS or Daesh, after a three-year war in which it received strong backing from a U.S.-led coalition, the Kurds and Iran. Iraqi forces launched an offensive on Thursday to recapture the last patch of Iraqi territory still in the hands of Islamic State, on the border area with Syria.  Daesh members have to choose between death and surrender,  Abadi said in a statement announcing the offensive on region of al-Qaim and Rawa. Islamic State s self-declared cross-border caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a grueling battle which lasted nine months. The militant group still holds parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under its control has rapidly shrunk there too, with its de facto Syrian capital falling to a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led force last week. Regular Iraqi army units, Sunni tribal forces and Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation are taking part in the offensive toward the Syrian border, Iraq s Joint Operations Command said. ",1
16437,"Syrian army captures Islamic State position, eyes final stronghold","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies seized an oil pumping station in eastern Syria from Islamic State, paving the way for an advance towards the jihadists  last remaining Syrian stronghold, a Hezbollah-run news service reported on Thursday.  The  T2  pumping station is  considered a launch pad for the army and its allies to advance towards the town of Albu Kamal ... which is considered the last remaining stronghold of the Daesh organization in Syria , the report said. Albu Kamal is located in Deir al-Zor province at the Syrian border with Iraq, just over the frontier from the Iraqi town of al-Qaim. Iraq declared on Thursday the start of an offensive to capture al-Qaim and Rawa, the last patch of Iraqi territory still in IS hands. Islamic State s self-declared  caliphate  has crumbled this year with the fall of the Syrian city of Raqqa and the Iraqi city of Mosul. In Syria, the group is now mostly confined to a shrinking strip of territory in Deir al-Zor province. The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State is waging a separate campaign against the group in Deir al-Zor, focused on areas to the east of the Euphrates River which bisects the province. Albu Kamal is located on the western bank of the river. ",1
16438,Iraqi leader visits Iran as Tehran seeks to drive wedge with Washington,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, told Iraq s U.S.-backed prime minister on Thursday that he should not rely on the United States in the fight against Islamic State, seeking to drive a wedge between Washington and one of its close allies.  Unity was the most important factor in your gains against terrorists and their supporters,  Khamenei told the visiting Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi, according to state TV.  Don t trust America ... It will harm you in the future.  Iraq is one of the only countries in the world that is closely allied to both the United States and Iran. Both countries have armed and trained pro-government forces in Iraq in the battle against Islamic State militants. The United States, which installed the Shi ite-led government in Baghdad after toppling Saddam Hussein in 2003, now has 5,000 troops in Iraq and provides air support, training and weapons to the Iraqi army. Iran, the predominant Shi ite power in the Middle East, funds and trains Iraqi Shi ite paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation, which fight alongside government troops. For years, Baghdad has carefully avoided antagonising either Washington or Tehran. But a confrontation between the Iraqi central government and its Kurdish minority in recent weeks has threatened to tip the balance in Iran s favour. The Kurds are also funded and trained by Washington which has considered them allies for decades. After the Kurds staged a referendum on independence last month, Abadi responded by sending his troops to swiftly seize territory from Kurdish forces. This week, Abadi rebuked U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for demanding he send Iranian fighters in pro-government Shi ite militia  home . Abadi s office issued a statement saying no country should give orders to Iraq and calling the paramilitaries  patriots . He has since travelled to both Turkey and Iran to seek support for his hard line towards the Kurds. The Kurdish regional government proposed on Wednesday an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the result of last month s Kurdish independence vote and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi Constitution . The offer was rejected by Abadi s government, which said the independence referendum result must be annulled, rather than merely suspended, as a pre-condition to any talks.  We will preserve Iraq s unity and will never allow any secession,  Iran s state news agency IRNA quoted Abadi as saying during his meeting with Khamenei. ",1
16439,Kenyan opposition protester dies from gunshot wound in Kisumu: medic,"KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - One man was shot dead and three others injured during protests in the western city of Kisumu, as opposition supporters try to stop Thursday s elections, a nurse at the main government hospital said.   A young man, aged 17 or 18, was brought in heavily bleeding. We were giving him blood but he succumbed,  said Henry Omosa, head nurse for casualty unit.  The young man was one of four people admitted to the hospital on Thursday with gunshot wounds that occurred during clashes between police and protesters, he said. ",1
16440,UK believes tax laws compatible with EU rules: PM May's spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain does not believe its tax laws are incompatible with European Union rules, a spokeswoman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday after the EU opened an investigation into a British tax scheme.  We do not believe these rules are incompatible with EU law, but we will cooperate with the European Commission s investigation,  the spokeswoman told reporters. ",1
16441,New Dutch government sworn in after record negotiations,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - King Willem-Alexander on Thursday swore in a new Dutch government under conservative Prime Minister Mark Rutte, ending the longest coalition talks in Dutch history. Divisive elections on March 15 eroded the base of traditional parties, forcing the need to work out a deal between four parties.  Rutte s third cabinet since coming to power in 2010 will find support from the strongest Dutch economic growth in a decade, at over 3 percent, but only has a one-seat majority in both houses of parliament. Dissent by any parliament member could therefore endanger the coalition s plans.     Negotiations lasted 225 days as parties dug in over sensitive issues ranging from immigration and euthanasia to corporate tax rates. Under a detailed government accord reached earlier this month, broad tax cuts will benefit both companies and workers. This should boost the spending power of consumers, while making the euro zone s fifth largest economy more attractive for foreign investors. The coalition comprises Rutte s liberal VVD, the centrist D66 and conservative Christian parties CDA and Christian Union, marking a steer to the right compared to the outgoing government of VVD and the center-left Labour party. The installation of the new government marks the departure of Eurogroup president and finance minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who has said he will leave Dutch politics. Dijsselbloem will be succeeded by 42-year-old Christian Democrat Wopke Hoekstra, while the former parliamentary leader of the VVD, Halbe Zijlstra, will head the department of foreign affairs. Another notable newcomer is Sigrid Kaag, a well-known diplomat who since 2015 served as the Special Coordinator for Lebanon of the United Nations. ",1
16442,"Iraq launches final offensive on Islamic State, near Syrian border","(Reuters) - Iraqi forces launched on Thursday an offensive to recapture the last patch of Iraqi territory still in the hands of Islamic State, on the border area with Syria, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said.  Daesh members have to choose between death and surrender,  he said in a statement announcing the offensive on region of al-Qaim and Rawa. The Iraqi airforce dropped thousands of leaflets on the border area calling on the militants to surrender and urging the population to stay away from their positions, according to a statement from the Joint Operations Command in Baghdad. The militant group also holds parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under their control is shrinking as they retreat in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s self-declared cross-border caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a grueling battle which lasted nine months. The militants  Syrian stronghold, Raqqa, fell to U.S.-backed forces last week. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014, released an audio recording on Sept. 28 that indicated he was alive, after several reports he had been killed. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks.  Tell those among your children and relatives who took up a weapon against the state to throw it aside immediately, and to go to any house on top of which a white flag have been raised when the liberation forces enter al-Qaim,  said the leaflets dropped by the Iraqi airforce. Regular army units, Sunni tribal forces and Iranian-backed Popular Mobilisation are taking part in the offensive toward the Syrian border, the Joint Operations Command said. ",1
16443,Turkey says Iraqi Kurdish offer to suspend independence drive insufficient,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The Kurdish Regional Government s proposal to freeze its push for independence is an important step but does not go far enough, Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Thursday. Cavusoglu was speaking a day after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who visited Ankara on Wednesday, insisted that last month s Kurdish independence referendum be declared void. ",1
16444,China says defense ties inject 'positive energy' into U.S. relations,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Military relations between China and the United States are a positive force in ties, and China wants to deepen mutual trust and cooperation, China s Defense Ministry said on Thursday ahead of a visit to Beijing by U.S. President Donald Trump. Both countries have worked hard to improve interaction between their militaries to avoid any miscalculations in areas like the South China Sea where both regularly fly military aircraft and sail warships. But there is deep mistrust, with Beijing having been angered by what it views as provocative U.S. military flights and naval patrols in the disputed East China Sea and South China Sea, and suspicious of close U.S. defense ties with South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and increasingly India. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last week that Washington saw room to invite others, including Australia, to join U.S.-India-Japan security cooperation, something Beijing has opposed as an attempt by democracies to gang up on it. Speaking at a monthly news briefing, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang said it was happy to see positive developments in military relations with the United States that both countries leaders attached importance to.  Looking to the future, we are willing to work with the U.S. side to respect each other, deepen mutual trust, focus on practical exchanges and cooperation and appropriately manage and control disputes, to continue injecting positive energy in the development of ties,  Ren added. China, a strategic rival to the United States and India, is also vital to Trump s efforts to roll back North Korea s efforts to create nuclear-armed missiles capable of reaching the United States, an issue expected to top the agenda in Trump s Nov. 8-10 Beijing visit. ",1
16445,Kenya's foreign debt investors take election turmoil calmly,"LONDON (Reuters) - While many Kenyans fear Thursday s election re-run will provoke serious trouble, foreign investors are cautiously confident that the country s debt can ride out the crisis, although they remain hesitant about local stocks. Their base scenario is that the vote can conclude largely smoothly. However, given that Kenya s external debt is rated B+ but trading at levels more akin to bonds with ratings two notches lower, this means assets have already adjusted to the uncertainty and any negative surprises may have less of an impact. And Nairobi s $1.5 billion stand-by facility deal with the International Monetary Fund provides additional comfort. East Africa s largest economy has slipped into turmoil since a Supreme Court ruling annulled the result of presidential elections in August. Matters worsened when opposition leader Raila Odinga quit the re-run against incumbent Uhuru Kenyatta.  In the very, very near term ... with the ruling we had in September, the period of uncertainty was extended to up until this point,  said Diana Amoa, portfolio manager at JPMorgan Asset Management.  But the outlook going forward - once we get past this period - should be a positive one.  Police clashed with opposition supporters on Thursday and gangs of youths prevented voting in some towns. A handful of polling officials who pitched up to work in Kisumu, the scene of major ethnic violence after a disputed election in 2007, cowered behind closed doors, unable to distribute any voting material. However, the government said the security situation was by and large  OK , with polling stations open in over 90 percent of the country. For funds active in Africa and across frontier markets - a sub-set of riskier, smaller developing countries - the $55 billion Kenyan economy has been a firm part of their portfolios. The country s $2.75 billion in dollar-denominated bonds  maturing in 2019 KE102895185= and 2024 KE102895240= form part of major emerging market debt benchmarks and frontier indexes .JPMEGDR .JPMNG.  Year-to-date, Kenyan dollar bonds .JPMEGKENR .JPMEGDKENR have chalked up solid returns of more than 12 percent compared with nearly 9 percent on the index .JPMEGR .JPMEGDR. However, the political stand-off has blunted economic growth in Kenya, which has been largely stable since the violence a decade ago.  Kenyan debt has still underperformed its peers, said Gabriele Foa, a strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He noted that yield premiums over U.S. debt had not narrowed as much as those on other sub-Saharan debt.  When you look at the spreads with Angola, Ghana, Nigeria, Zambia, that has been widening over this year,  said Foa, who has an  overweight  rating on Kenya s dollar bonds.  We saw a compression in line with the region, but Kenya is definitely lagging.   Still, investors are also upbeat on the local government bond market, worth 1,387 billion shillings ($13.4 billion). The Kenyan shilling has been broadly unshaken by the political events, softening just over 1 percent since the start of the year. Previous experience points towards the shilling bouncing back swiftly. When violence ripped through the country following the 2007 elections, the shilling fell about 15 percent against the dollar, but recovered to pre-vote levels within three months.  Any softness in the currency, coupled with low foreign positioning overall in those assets, made local debt attractive, said JPMorgan s Amoa. Investors in Kenya s $22.3 billion stock market have been more cautious. While the Nairobi Stock Exchange All Share Index .NASI has risen around 17 percent since the start of the year in dollar terms, the gains fall well short of the 30 percent jump across emerging equities .MSCIEF more broadly.   Foreign investors have been generally in wait-and-see mode with some net selling at the margin,  said Hasnain Malik, head of equity research at Exotix Capital. The percentage of Nairobi-listed stocks owned by foreigners has edged down to 21 percent in 2017 from a peak of 22.5 percent in 2013. Yet those waiting on the sidelines may well be happy to return if and when the political impasse has been resolved.   Kenya is the great hope for investors in Africa as a non-commodity producing country, which has the potential to industrialize ahead of its peers, with money going into railways, roads and ports,  said Daniel Salter, head of equity strategy at Renaissance Capital.   It is a country that investors want to like, but what they don t like is the current uncertainty.  ",1
16446,"Desperate for news, Rohingya refugees tune in to 'WhatsApp radio'","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Sat in his hillside grocery shop in a Bangladesh refugee camp, Rohingya Muslim Momtaz-ul-Hoque takes a break to listen to an audio recording on his mobile phone, while children and passers-by gather round to hear the latest news from Myanmar.  I listen because I get some information on my motherland,  said Hoque, 30, as he plays a message on WhatsApp explaining the Myanmar government s proposals for repatriating refugees. Hoque has been in Bangladesh since an earlier bout of violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state in 1992, but the number of refugees in the camps has swelled dramatically to more than 800,000 in recent weeks, after a massive Myanmar military operation sent around 600,000 people fleeing across the border. Tens of thousands of exhausted refugees have arrived with little more than a sack of rice, a few pots and pans and a mobile phone powered by a cheap solar battery, and many are desperate for news of what is going on back home.   With few news sources in their own language and low levels of literacy, audio and video messages distributed on apps such as WhatsApp, Facebook and YouTube have become a community radio of sorts for the Muslim minority. Dozens of WhatsApp groups have sprung up to fill the information gap. Their offerings range from grainy footage of violence, to listings of the names and numbers of people missing in the chaos of the exodus, or even an explainer from educated Rohingya on how to adjust to life in the camps. At a shop selling cold drinks in the Leda refugee camp, two men played  WhatsApp news  through a loudspeaker.  Out of breath, a man narrated a scene purportedly from a village in Myanmar s Buthidaung region, according to Mohammed Zubair, a refugee who translated the broadcasts for Reuters.  They are surrounding the village. We are under attack from the military and the mogs...some people are seriously injured,  Zubair translates the speaker as saying, using a derogatory term common in Bangladesh to refer to ethnic Rakhine Buddhists.  I trust it 100 percent,  Zubair said of the information. Reuters was not able to verify the account. The WhatsApp groups tend to have hundreds of members, meaning that the spread of information depends on people passing on the news. Many of the listeners do not know who is sending the message or the trustworthiness of the broadcaster. Some said outdated or inaccurate reports were common.  In some cases, we got audio messages of villages burning in Myanmar, and when we contact people in those villages, there s nothing,  said one refugee inside a tea shop in Bangladesh sKutupalong camp. Other refugees said videos of violence claimed to have been filmed in villages in Myanmar turned out to be footage from other countries. Many also worry that the unregulated nature of WhatsApp groups increases opportunities for voices keen to push an agenda rather than share facts. Rohingya rebel group the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) - whose Aug. 25 attacks on security forces triggered the latest crisis - and its followers have been among the most active adopters of WhatsApp to spread their message. Audio messages urging support, updates on the latest military movements and official press releases dominate some groups. Several refugees in Bangladesh said they had no idea if the messages, often posted by people with phone numbers registered in the Middle East or other parts of Asia, were actually from ARSA members. Refugees also worry that Bangladeshi security forces want to monitor the broadcasts, and are looking in the camps for ARSA supporters. At the tea shop in Kutupalong camp, refugees have stopped listening to the broadcasts on loudspeakers during daylight hours, preferring to gather clandestinely at night instead.     Still, many Rohingyas say social media platforms  play a crucial role in keeping spirits up among the community.  The Rohingya people are not organized,  said Hoque, the grocer.  They cannot take out their frustration any other way, so this is a way of protesting.   ",1
16447,"Driven by fear, Rohingyas keep fleeing Myanmar: Red Cross official","SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - The thousands of Rohingya Muslims thronging the desolate beach had no food or water, except what the Red Cross gives them, and there was no shelter from the tropical sun and rain, yet fear of  tomorrow  has persuaded them to abandon their homes. Fabrizio Carboni, the top International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) official in Myanmar, described the plight of some 5,OOO people who had made their way to the mouth of the Naf river that divides Buddhist Myanmar from Muslim Bangladesh. He said some had been there as long as a month, unable to afford to pay fishermen to take them to Bangladesh, where most of their fellow Rohingyas have fled to escape the ethnic violence that erupted in Myanmar s Rakhine state two months ago.   What I can just tell them is a beach is not a place where you live,  Carboni told Reuters on Thursday, a day after visiting this stretch on the frontline of an unfolding humanitarian crisis. Myanmar has blocked humanitarian agencies apart from Red Cross organisations from accessing the northern part of Rakhine state, where the conflict worsened after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts on Aug. 25.  Many of the 600,000 stateless Rohingya Muslims who have fled Myanmar say they were driven out by a brutal military counteroffensive. The United Nations has called it a campaign of  ethnic cleansing , and Myanmar soldiers have been accused of rape, killings and arson. Myanmar s de facto leader, Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, has said the refugees can return, but thousands have continued to arrive in Bangladesh.  When you decide to leave everything and go it s because, rightly or not, you believe that tomorrow will be worse than today where you are staying,  Carboni told Reuters in Sittwe, the capital of Myanmar s Rakhine state.  The stranded people weighed up their access to basic services, intercommunal relations and security before deciding to flee, he said.  Probably it s a lack of trust for the future where they are. I don t think we are in a moment now where there s a specific event triggering movement. We are in another phase,  he added. The Red Cross, which has about 200 personnel working in northern Rakhine, provided plastic sheets, food and water to the people on the beach.  Prior to the attacks on security posts in August, several groups had hundreds of staff and volunteers working in the area, but the government has restricted the movement of aid workers after accusing some groups of aiding Rohingya militants. Ethnic Rakhine Buddhists, who accuse aid groups of favoring Muslims, on Wednesday blocked Relief International staff from visiting a camp for Muslims displaced in earlier violence. Protesters threw petrol bombs to try to block a Red Cross aid shipment in an incident on Sept. 20. Carboni said the Red Cross organisations could not be the only ones working in northern Rakhine  for the long run , but said their ability to reach people was ramping up. Food had reached 40,000 people by Monday, and at least 5,000 households would get food in the next week, he said.  In our dialogue with the government, we were always very clear, saying we will do our best and more to reach as many people as possible,  said Carboni.   Now there is a need for the government to re-engage with the rest of the humanitarian community, and find an acceptable way for the people to receive the assistance they need.  ",1
16448,"In abandoned Philippine city, first hints of a return to normalcy","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - After five months of crippling conflict, there are slow signs of life returning in the Philippines  battered Marawi City. Utilities engineers were at work on Thursday in the near-deserted outskirts of Marawi which escaped the daily air strikes that flattened vast swathes of the city. A few groceries, motorcycle repair shops and gasoline sellers have opened, ready for the first batch of returning residents in the coming days. Nearly 6,500 families will be headed back to the homes that were left intact, out of the 353,000 people displaced when hundreds of pro-Islamic State gunmen ran amok and seized control of central Marawi in May. Combat operations ended on Monday, when the last fighters were killed in a fierce final stand. With vehicles crushed and overturned and buildings reduced to skeletons of mangled steel and rubble, the city appears to be in the aftermath of a war that lasted years, rather than months. Amelah Ampaso said she decided that day to sneak back to Marawi and reopen her shop, now stocked with cooking oil and cigarettes and offering photocopying services, printing, and haircuts. As a first-mover in a liberated Marawi, the 25-year-old is doing brisk business among the few people around.  The other shops are closed, so people are coming here,  she said.  It s safe again.  But nearby streets look like the set of a post-apocalyptic film, silent, with shutters pulled down and weeds growing between concrete slabs. Rust and decay is setting in after months of heavy rains and neglect. Spray painted on the walls of almost every building is the word  clear , marking where police and soldiers went house-to-house checking thousands of abandoned properties for booby-traps or signs of insurgents hiding. The fighting has taken a heavy toll, killing more than 1,100 people, mostly militants, and reducing a large part of the interior of the city to piles of rubble, leaving only shells of uninhabitable gray buildings. Shop owner Madid Noor, 64, returned two months into the battle, reassured by detachments of soldiers and police nearby, and unperturbed by what were constant explosions and the howling of fighter jets over the city. After a few lean months, he hopes returnees will come to him to buy washing powder, petrol and fake branded sportswear.  Some days we have customers. But not every day,  he said. ",1
16449,"No deal: bridge is not a sport, EU rules","LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Bridge is not a sport, the European Union s top court ruled on Thursday, thwarting a gambit by a British players to avoid sales tax on the grounds that sitting around playing cards is not a physical activity. The English Bridge Union asked to have the same exemption from value added tax as sports associations for tournaments of duplicate bridge. An EU directive lets governments waive VAT on some services  closely linked to sport or physical education . However, the European Court of Justice found that despite the contention that competitive bridge promotes physical and mental health, the definition of  sport  for purposes of the tax directive must include a  not negligible physical element . The ECJ, however, left a possible opening for British bridge fiends to exploit.  Cultural activities  can also apply for VAT exemptions, they said, if their practice, history and traditions are part of the  social and cultural heritage of the country . ",1
16450,Myanmar's Rohingya exodus: A desperate escape,"(Reuters) - The world s fastest-growing humanitarian crisis shows no signs of abating, two months after militant attacks triggered a military crackdown in Myanmar s Rakhine State.   This week thousands of new Rohingya Muslim refugees crossed the border into neighboring Bangladesh, fleeing hunger and a campaign of attacks by Myanmar security forces and Buddhist mobs that the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing. Exhausted, hungry and destitute, they join more than 600,000 who earlier fled what the military has called  clearance operations  in Rohingya villages after the Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants. They have crossed land borders, rivers and treacherous seas to seek refuge in crowded camps in Bangladesh, itself a poor country struggling, along with international aid agencies, to cope with the influx. This multimedia essay uses a combination of Reuters graphics, pictures and video to show how the crisis unfolded, the exodus of the Rohingya and their lives as refugees in Bangladesh. See the graphic ""A Desperate Escape"" here: tmsnrt.rs/2xIvxQF ",1
16451,Taiwan president calls for breakthrough in China relations,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan and China need to drop historical baggage to seek a breakthrough in relations, Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen said in her first public comments since China s ruling Communist Party unveiled a new leadership line-up. Relations nose-dived after Tsai, who leads the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year, with China suspecting that she wants to push for the island s formal independence, a red line for Beijing. Beijing has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taipei established under Taiwan s previous, China-friendly government, and there has been a dramatic fall in the number of Chinese tourists visiting Taiwan under Tsai s administration.  Right now is a turning point for change. I once again call on leaders of both sides to ... seek a breakthrough in cross-straits relations and to benefit the long-term welfare of people on both sides and to forever eliminate hostilities and conflict,  Tsai told a forum.  While acknowledging the changes in China s leadership announced on Wednesday, Tsai did not comment specifically on the composition of Xi s core team. But she reiterated that while the island s goodwill towards China would not change, Taipei would not submit to pressure. Responding to Tsai s speech, China s Taiwan Affairs Office said the political basis for relations across the Taiwan Strait was the  one China  principle, which states that the mainland and Taiwan are part of one China. As long as that is recognized, there are no obstacles to any talks between the sides, the office said in a statement carried by state media. China has been stepping up the pressure on Taiwan. This year, China s air force has carried out several rounds of drills near Taiwan, prompting the island s air force to scramble fighters. Defence Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang said Taiwan was a part of China and the military exercises would continue as normal, adding that China was sincere in seeking  peaceful reunification .  At the same time, we have the ability, confidence and means to protect the country s unity, sovereignty, security and territorial integrity,  he told a monthly news conference in Beijing later in the day. Chinese President Xi Jinping drew strong applause at last week s start of the Communist Party Congress when he said any attempt to separate Taiwan from China would be thwarted.  Taipei s Mainland Affairs Council delivered a swift response, saying it was  absolutely  the right of Taiwan s 23 million people to decide their future. China regards self-ruled and democratic Taiwan as a wayward province, to be brought under Beijing s rule by force if necessary. ",1
16452,North Korea's Kim congratulates China's Xi after congress,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un sent a rare congratulatory message to Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday at the end of China s Communist Party Congress, wishing him  great success  as head of the nation, the North s state media said. The friendly gesture by the North Korean leader, who seldom issues personal messages, comes as China is being urged by the international community to do more to rein in the North s missile and nuclear tests that have raised tensions globally. Xi became China s most powerful leader since Mao Zedong at the all-important week-long congress.  It expressed the conviction that the relations between the two parties and the two countries would develop in the interests of the peoples of the two countries,  the North s state-run central news agency said in a statement on Thursday, citing the message sent by Kim to Xi.  The Chinese people have entered the road of building socialism with the Chinese characteristics in the new era  under the guidance of Xi, the message said. The two countries often exchange routine diplomatic correspondence and ceremonial letters to each other on political anniversaries or political promotions, although personal messages to and from the leaders tend to be few. Analysts said it was too early to tell whether or not ties between the two countries were warming up.  Congratulatory messages between North Korea and China are an old story and reading too much into the message exchanged would be a one-sided analysis,  said Yang Moo-jin, professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul.   It s what they usually do and not surprising at all.  China is the North s sole major ally, and accounts for more than 90 percent of trade with the isolated country.  Beijing has been called upon by several countries, especially the United States, to step up its efforts to curb North Korea s ambitions towards building a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile that can reach the United States. It has shown it is irritated with Pyongyang following the isolated state s numerous missile launches and nuclear tests, repeatedly calling for restraint and urging all sides to speak and act carefully. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a regular briefing on Thursday that China had received  congratulatory messages from many countries and parties, including one from North Korea.  China and North Korea are close neighbors and have a tradition of friendly contact,  he said, without elaborating.  China has said it will strictly enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions banning imports of North Korean coal, textiles and seafood, while cutting off oil shipments to the North. North Korea has not engaged in any missile or nuclear provocations since mid-September, although it tends to test fewer missiles late in the year for unexplained reasons.  North Korea has been walking a diplomatic tightrope by taking advantage of strategic mistrust between China and Russia, but it has not been easy as Beijing has sternly responded to its nuclear and missile provocations,  said Kim Han-kwon, a professor at the Korea National Diplomatic Academy in Seoul.   China s party congress is over, but Kim Jong Un s concerns will only continue to deepen. The most significant event at hand is the upcoming summit between Xi and (U.S. President Donald) Trump,  said Kim. ",1
16453,"Kremlin: accusations that Russia behind Kiev blast are ""baseless""","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Accusations that Russia was involved in an explosion in Ukraine s capital that killed two people and injured a member of parliament are baseless and hysterical, the Kremlin said on Thursday.  Beyond all doubt, these are new signs of this anti-Russian campaign which has unfortunately swept across Ukraine and Kiev,  Russian President Vladimir Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  Ihor Mosiychuk, a Ukrainian lawmaker, was wounded in the explosion in Kiev that killed two people. He blamed Russia on Thursday for the blast that Ukrainian officials called an act of terrorism. ",1
16454,"Fugitives in Kim Jong Nam killing changed clothes at airport, witness says","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Four men suspected of killing the North Korean leader s half-brother at a Malaysian airport changed their clothes and appearance to escape detection, a police witness said on Thursday.  The four, who are still at large, are charged together with two women - Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong from Vietnam - with killing Kim Jong Nam at Kuala Lumpur airport s budget terminal on Feb. 13. Prosecutors in the Malaysian court say Siti Aisyah and Huong conspired with the men to murder Kim, by smearing his face with liquid VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations. Defense lawyers have argued the women did not know they were handling poison and thought they were involved in a prank for a reality TV show.    The men had been formerly identified only as Mr. Chang, Mr. Y, James, and Hanamori, also known as Grandpa  or  Uncle , which a police witness has said were assumed names. The men changed clothes after the attack, before they were seen leaving the airport, police investigator Wan Azirul Nizam Che Wan Aziz told the court.   They were trying to confuse (observers),  Wan Azirul said, describing closed-circuit television recordings made on the day of the killing.  More than 40 CCTV video clips of the men s movements at the airport were screened in the darkened courtroom.      They showed Mr. Chang and Mr. Y heading to different bathrooms in the airport before emerging in different clothes, shortly after the attack on Kim Jong Nam.  Mr. Chang, who had earlier been seen wearing a goatee, also came out of the bathroom clean-shaven.  All of the suspects at large, even though they changed clothes, did not change their shoes,  added Wan Azirul, who said the shoes were among the features enabling identification of the suspects, besides their body types and movements.  Other videos showed Mr. Chang and Mr. Y meeting separately with a man, identified as Hanamori, at a restaurant near the airport s check-in counters, prior to the attack. Hanamori was seen arriving at the restaurant with a fourth man, who Wan Azirul said was suspected to be James . Mr. Chang later met alone with Siti Aisyah at the restaurant, while Mr. Y was seen walking past the restaurant with Huong. It is unclear whether the four suspects at large were the same four North Koreans authorities described as having left Kuala Lumpur for Pyongyang on the day of the killing.  An Interpol alert has been issued for the four who left, identified as North Koreans Ri Ji Hyon, Hong Song Hac, O Jong Gil, and Ri Jae Nam.      U.S. and South Korean officials have said agents of Kim Jong Un s regime masterminded the murder. The trial will resume on Nov 6. ",1
16455,"'A difficult life': As refugee arrivals to Greece pick up, misery grows","SAMOS, Greece(Reuters) - Even on the nights Muhammad Ahlum s children manage to fall asleep, they wake up screaming.  Since Ahlum and his family fled Syria s civil war five months ago, they have been living in a grim and congested camp on the Greek island of Samos. Like other asylum-seekers in limbo in Greece, they are barely coping. More than 14,500 asylum-seekers, mostly Syrians and Iraqis, are in five camps on Greek islands close to Turkey. Aid groups have warned a mental health emergency is developing, fueled by poor living conditions, neglect and violence. Arrivals to Greece from Turkey had all but stopped after the European Union struck a deal with Ankara last year. But asylum procedures can take months, and a small, steady flow had continued. A recent sharp rise is straining facilities.   I am very depressed. My wife is sick,  said Ahlum, 36, recounting how his children, aged six and eight, have stopped eating food in the camp and are terrified of noises.  This is my life in the camp. A very difficult life,  he said.  Sometimes they can t sleep at night. Sometimes they wake up screaming and crying.  Over a dozen human rights groups wrote to the Greek prime minister on Monday urging him to end the  containment  of asylum seekers on the islands, where camps hold two to three times as many people as they were designed for.  In the last two months, there has been a significant increase in people talking about suicide as a way to escape from this situation,  said Jayne Grimes, manager of mental health activities on Samos for Doctors Without Borders. More than 2,500 asylum-seekers are on Samos, in facilities for 700. Hundreds have set up tents in the surrounding forest.  If we knew it would be like this, we would have stayed under the bombing,  said Syrian Muahab Ashaad, 27, as he sat with his son in their tent under the trees. The government has said it plans to move 2,000 asylum-seekers from Samos and nearby Lesbos to the mainland, where about 50,000 more refugees and migrants live in camps. Aid organizations say it may not enough.  The most urgent need is to prepare for the winter, not only for the cold but for the rains,  said Rose de Jong, Samos field officer for the United Nations refugee agency. Locals on Samos, just a few miles from Turkish shores, are divided. Some say the island can t cope with the sheer numbers.  The situation has become unbearable,  said Athanasios Terzis, a businessman.  We don t have anything against them. We just want them to leave and to be taken to the rest of Greece.  ",1
16456,"Qatar, Russia sign agreements on air defense, supplies","DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar signed a military technical cooperation agreement and  memorandum of understanding on air defense and military supplies with Russia on Thursday, a statement from the Qatari defense ministry said. It did not give details but Russia has been more active in the region since Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates severed ties with Qatar in June, triggering the worst diplomatic crisis in the Gulf in years. The agreements were signed between Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, who visited the Gulf state on Wednesday, and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al-Atiyya. Earlier this month, Russia signed a memorandum of understanding to help Saudi Arabia in its efforts to develop its own military industries. The kingdom agreed to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems. Qatari and Russian ministers said they also discussed the Gulf and Syrian crises and  combating terrorism and violent extremism . ",1
16457,Israel willing to resort to military action to stop Iran acquiring nuclear weapons: minister,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Israel is willing to resort to military action to ensure Iran never acquires nuclear weapons, the intelligence minister said on Thursday in Japan where he is seeking backing for U.S. President Donald Trump s tougher line on Tehran. Trump said on Oct. 13 he would not certify Iran is complying with an agreement on curtailing its nuclear program, signed by his predecessor, Barack Obama, opening a 60-day window for Congress to act to reimpose sanctions.  If international efforts led these days by U.S. President Trump don t help stop Iran attaining nuclear capabilities, Israel will act militarily by itself,  Intelligence Minister Israel Katz said in an interview in Tokyo.  There are changes that can be made (to the agreement) to ensure that they will never have the ability to have a nuclear weapon.  Israel has taken unilateral action in the past without the consent of its major ally, the United States, including air strikes on a suspected nuclear reactor in Syria in 2007 and in Iraq in 1981. A strike against Iran, however, would be a risky venture with the potential to provoke a counter strike and roil financial markets. An Israeli threat of military strikes could, nonetheless, galvanize support in the United States for toughening up the nuclear agreement but it could also backfire by encouraging hardliners in Iran and widening a rift between Washington and European allies. So far, none of the other signatories to the deal - Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, Iran and the European Union - has cited serious concerns, leaving the United States isolated. Japan relies on the U.S. military to help defend it against threats from North Korea and elsewhere. Tokyo s diplomatic strategy in the Middle East, where it buys almost all its oil, is to maintain friendly relations with all countries, including Iran.   I asked the Japanese government to support steps led by President Trump to change the nuclear agreement,  said Katz, who is a member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s right-wing Likud party.  The question of whether Japanese companies will begin to work in Iran or not is a very important question.  Katz s visit to Tokyo comes ahead of a planned trip by Trump from Nov. 5 for a summit with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Officials at Japan s Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not immediately available to comment. Israel, Katz said, wants the nuclear agreement to be revised to remove an expiration date, and to impose tighter conditions to stop Tehran from developing new centrifuges used to make weapons-grade nuclear material.  He also urged sanctions to stop Iran from establishing  Syria as a military base to launch attacks on Israel and action to put a halt to Tehran s development of ballistic missiles.  We will not allow Iran to transform Syria into forward base sea harbors, air bases and Shia militias,  he said.  We will act together with the United States and other countries in the world until they stop the ballistic missiles that threaten Israel.   The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday backed new sanctions on Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia.  ",1
16458,Fear of Iranian general left Iraqi Kurdish oil fields deserted,"BAGHDAD/LONDON (Reuters) - When the Iraqi army and Iranian-backed Shi ite militia entered a key oil processing facility in Iraq s north to retake it from Kurdish Peshmerga forces last week, the installation was deserted and its alarm bells ringing. Engineers and workers on the facility, which processes oil from two major fields in the Kirkuk area of predominantly Sunni Kurdistan, had fled, fearing the military advance.  No one wanted to risk their life and decided to evacuate as stories about the Shi ite militia and Qassem Soleimani were spreading fast,  said a senior Kurdish oil industry source, referring to the head of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards. The source declined to be identified. Iraqi engineers arrived to the sound of alarm bells warning about system malfunctions, prompting them to immediately shut down wells. Now, they need passwords and expertise from their Kurdish counterparts to restore oil output fully.  The loss of control of Kirkuk oil fields is likely to starve the KRG of vital oil revenue and cause deep concern to global trading houses such as Vitol and Glencore, which have granted the semi-autonomous government billions of dollars in loans against future oil sales. Baghdad s lightning military offensive into northern Iraq came after the Kurdistan Regional Government held an independence referendum last month. Major-General Soleimani, one of the most influential military figures in the Middle East, with reach in Syria and Lebanon, issued tough warnings to Kurdish leaders ahead of the Iraqi military advance.  We went inside the oilfield facilities after Kurdish workers fled and we found overalls and safety boots thrown on the ground,  said an engineer from the Baghdad-run North Oil Company, who declined to be named because he was ordered not to speak publicly about the issue.   It seems that workers took them off and escaped very quickly.   NOC crews entered oil facilities in the Bai Hassan and Avana fields on Oct. 17 for the first time since 2014, when Peshmerga forces drove Islamic State from the area and found all crude oil stations unmanned. Peshmerga fighters had also withdrawn.  After we discovered that some of the key equipment was missing and the control panel was ringing alarms of crude processing malfunction, we immediately shut down oil wells,  the NOC engineer said. A week after the operation, Iraqi engineers are still struggling to resume Kirkuk s oil production, saying they had yet to understand how to operate the equipment processing some 350,000 barrels per day. The military offensive more than halved Kurdistan s oil output and cut its exports to global markets via Turkey by two thirds.  The drop in exports has deprived the region of more than $200 million in revenues over the past week, a Kurdish oil industry source familiar with loadings told Reuters. It has also dealt a further blow to the region s finances already stretched by a fight against Islamic State and a budget crisis caused by a fall in oil prices. The United States has called on both sides to resume dialogue, saying the tensions hamper efforts to fight Islamic State. Resuming normal oil production and exports will be challenging and will take at least another week and will only succeed if Iraqi and Kurdish engineers agree to cooperate, according to both sides. On Tuesday, NOC officials asked Kurdish engineering firm Kar Group to send back its workers, according to sources on both sides. Iraqi engineers need guidance on how to operate recently installed equipment at Bai Hassan and Avana, the sources said. The pumping and operational stations for both oil fields are located in the city of Dahuk, which unlike Kirkuk is still under the control of the Peshmerga forces.  Energy facilities in Kirkuk are more like a locked box and only their crew have the password,  the Iraqi engineer said. Kar Group has, however, so far refrained from going back without security guarantees, according to sources close to the engineering company. Kirkuk, one of the oldest and best known oil areas in the Middle East, had long been under the control of Iraqi forces until it was over-run by Islamic State. In 2014, it was retaken by the Peshmerga, the official security forces of the KRG, as part of their advance on Islamic State. That allowed Kurdistan to regain control of an area it believes is historically Kurdish and ramp up exports from the oil fields while borrowing billions of dollars from trading houses and Russian state oil major Rosneft.  We need to figure out who gets what when the fields resume production. At the moment the potential split of revenues is far from clear,  said the Kurdish oil industry source. Before the referendum, Kurdistan was exporting some 600,000 bpd of crude via Turkey, which it said had made it almost totally economically independent as it could pay its own bills without the need to wait for budget transfers from Baghdad. Under the deal with Baghdad, Kurdistan was exporting 540,000 bpd on behalf of the government in the city of Erbil and some 60,000 bpd on behalf of NOC. With the loss of control of the Kirkuk area, Kurdistan will be in theory left with only 250,000-300,000 bpd of its own output, less than it needs to cover its debt obligations. Vitol, Glencore, Petraco and Trafigura have loaned Kurdistan some $2.5 billion and Russia s Rosneft has loaned some $1.2 billion. Glencore s boss Ivan Glasenberg said last week he could not rule out a rescheduling of the payments. ",1
16459,Women fail to crack China's glass ceiling as party picks new leaders," (This October 25 story has been corrected to change pronoun to  he  from  she  to correct gender of quoted delegate in final paragraph) By John Ruwitch BEIJING (Reuters) - Every time China s ruling Communist Party convenes a major gathering, like the congress that just ended in Beijing, the list of delegates is hand-crafted in part to burnish the party s image as  representative of the masses  - including giving some prominence to those in more menial jobs and ethnic minorities. Yet one group is chronically under-represented among the political elite: women. The founding father of communist China, Mao Zedong, may have once said that women  hold up half the sky  but when the twice-a-decade party congress selected a new batch of top leaders this week, females weren t holding up much at all. No women made it onto the elite Politburo Standing Committee, the group of seven men at the pinnacle of the party. None ever have. In the new Politburo, only one of its 25 members is a woman   Sun Chunlan, head of the party body charged with outreach to non-Communists. It is her second term and she is likely to retire in five years. On the previous Politburo, there were two women, Sun and Vice Premier Liu Yandong - who is past retirement age and has stepped down from the Politburo. One rung down, just 4.9 percent of the new Central Committee, a mere 10 of the body s 204 members, are women. That number was unchanged from the outgoing Central Committee, which presided for five years, but lower than in 2007-2012 when there were 13. The State Council Information Office, which doubles as the party s propaganda department, did not respond to faxed questions for comment on why there are so few women in senior party positions. By way of comparison, five members of U.S. President Donald Trump s 24-member cabinet are women, and about 20 percent of the U.S. Congress are female. In Japan, two out of 20 members of the cabinet are women as are about 10 percent of the lower house lawmakers newly elected on Sunday. At the Chinese party congress itself, the overall numbers were stronger: about a quarter of its 2,287 delegates were women - roughly commensurate with the proportion in the roughly 90 million-member party. But with most senior leadership posts in the hands of men, activist Xiong Jing, an NGO project manager who edits a feminist social media site, said many of the women delegates to the party congress were there merely as  decoration .  This problem is a clich ,  she said.  With the political system as it is now, I think even if more women were involved, whether as party congress delegates or in government, they may be very limited in what they can do.  The party takes the appearance of representativeness seriously when it comes to some groups. At party congresses and annual sessions of parliament, there are delegates from China s 56 different ethnic groups, every branch of the military and police, private businesses, the state sector and, of course, the government. The party congress this year featured delegates who were astronauts, athletes, actors, judges, farmers and more. There was even a delegate representing housekeepers, who showed up in her apron and maid s cap. For women in general in China, political empowerment is lacking. China ranked 74th in political empowerment of women out of 144 countries in the World Economic Forum s global Gender Gap Report last year. In 2006, it was no. 52 out of 115. Leta Hong Fincher, a New York-based sociologist and author of the forthcoming book  Betraying Big Brother: The Rise of China s Feminist Resistance , says women in China are losing ground amid a resurgence of traditional gender norms.  It s my impression that the Communist Party is fundamentally not interested in having women at the senior levels at all,  she said. In China s pre-reform command economy under Mao, women were drafted into the workforce and recruited into nation-building. The most powerful woman since the communist takeover in 1949 was Mao s third wife, Jiang Qing. She and members of her  Gang of Four  were arrested after Mao s death in 1976 and blamed for the excesses of the chaotic Cultural Revolution. More recently, Hong Fincher says, the party has been spooked by China s demographic challenges - an aging population, shrinking labor force and falling birth rates - and has aggressively promoted the idea that women should be getting married and having babies. To be sure, in Chinese business there are some prominent female chief executives, such as Zhang Xin at real estate developer Soho China and Zhou Qunfei, the billionaire founder of Lens Technology. And the party and government pay lip service to gender equality. The state constitution guarantees women the same rights as men.  The government ... wants to appear to be taking gender equality seriously, when in reality it is not. It is actually in full retreat with regard to gender equality,  Hong Fincher said. The election process for party congress delegates is tightly controlled, with candidates vetted for their loyalty to the party and leadership. But congress delegate Tang Jialing, who is a crew member on a deep-sea research submersible, suggested that the lack of women reflected the will of the people.  We are the party of the people. It s the people who voted in more men than women. It s the people s choice,  he said. ",1
16460,"China says foreign press welcome, as some media outlets excluded from key event","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday told foreign journalists to roam the country and report more, even as five global news organisations found themselves without invitations to cover his speech.  The BBC, The Economist, The Financial Times, The Guardian and The New York Times were not invited to the event where Xi introduced his new leadership line-up following a once-in-five-years Communist Party Congress, the Foreign Correspondents Club of China (FCCC) said.  Two Reuters journalists were invited.  We encourage reporters to travel and see more of China... to learn about and continue to report on more aspects of China,  Xi told a gathering of Chinese and international journalists. He did not take questions.  We do not need lavish praise from others. However, we do welcome objective reporting and constructive suggestions.  Under Xi, China has stepped up censorship and tightened controls on the internet and various aspects of civil society. Reporting conditions for foreign journalists in China have deteriorated in recent years, according to media watchdog groups, with areas of the country including Tibet effectively off-limits.  The FCCC criticized the exclusion of the Western news organisations.   It is hard to avoid the conclusion that these media organisations have been singled out to send a message,  the FCCC said in a statement posted on Twitter.  Using media access as a tool to punish journalists whose coverage the Chinese authorities disapprove of is a gross violation of the principles of press freedom.  The Beijing bureau chiefs at the Economist and Financial Times both confirmed to Reuters that they had not received invitations. The New York Times had applied for and not received an invitation, a spokesperson said in an email.  We are disappointed that we were denied access to President Xi s press conference. The BBC will continue to report fairly and objectively on the stories of China,  the BBC said in a statement. The Guardian published a story saying it was among those organisations excluded. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang referred specific questions about the congress to the press center but said foreign reporters were welcome to cover the gathering.  We handle foreign reporter applications according to rules and regulations,  he told reporters. An official at the press center told Reuters that it had organized many events that foreign media could and did attend. The Standing Committee unveiling venue had limited space and so there was no guarantee all foreign media who applied could attend, the official said.   We hope that foreign media can really pay attention to China s development and objectively and fairly report on China and the Communist Party,  said the official, who asked not be named. There were more than 3,000 reporters covering the congress, according to state media, and the leadership announcement was held in a side room at Beijing s Great Hall of the People, not in the cavernous main auditorium. ",1
16461,"On Shanghai outskirts, some residents unmoved as China unveils leadership","FENGXIAN, China (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke to the country on Wednesday about  waves of positive energy  from the ruling Communist Party after its twice-a-decade leadership shuffle, but on the rural outskirts of Shanghai, not everyone was riveted to the screen. As the party congress drew to a close and Xi prepared to unveil a new leadership team during the national broadcast, some elderly residents gathering for lunch in the sleepy suburb of Fengxian expressed indifference. An 85-year-old man with a shock of white hair, who identified himself by the surname Cai, said he would not watch.   Whatever happens today, I don t care,  he said with a smile.   I m a Christian and I go to worship after lunch, and I will be late if I watch. I am not cultured. I don t understand what they are saying.            Gathering in a crowded two-storey compound with dusty concrete floors and solid wooden furniture heaving with fruit and snacks, Fei Jinxian, another 85-year-old Fengxian resident, said she was unclear of the significance of Wednesday s events. Watching the broadcast, Fei and her friends nodded appreciatively when Xi emerged on to the stage, but she said she barely recognized any of the other figures appointed to the Politburo Standing Committee, including Premier Li Keqiang.  I recognize Xi Jinping, and I recognize Han Zheng because he is from our city, but the others I don t know about,  Fei said in the local dialect. As a Chinese television commentator reflected on the  historical importance of this moment , 58-year-old Gu Wenfeng said she did not understand.   I don t normally pay much attention to politics,  she said.    I only watch it if my son is around and he puts it on.  Xi has emerged as China s most powerful leader since Mao Zedong after a congress that enshrined his own political theory into the constitution. Xi told the gathering of Chinese and international reporters and a TV audience of millions about the  great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation  and the  waves of positive energy  from the ruling Communist Party, but people in Fengxian were more concerned about local matters.  Fengxian has seen its population decline as its youth head into the cities for fresh opportunities and better wages, but rapid urbanization and a campaign to build a  new socialist countryside  through government infrastructure spending has transformed the area.   The leaders have been paying a lot of attention with the waterways, roads and whatnot,  said Gu, pointing to a new drainage channel running through the village.  I think the next five years are going to get better.  Shen Bo, a 31-year-old grassroots Communist Party official in Fengxian, told Reuters that he was unfamiliar with most of the new leadership line-up, but said he was proud of the  powerful  President Xi, who had a  feeling for the times  and remained in touch with China s rural heartlands.  I can use three characters to describe him,  he said, using characters that mean  touching the ground , or  down to earth .   Because he has studied the grassroots more, and that is my strongest impression of him.   ",1
16462,London's Canary Wharf Docklands Light Railway station reopens after fire alert,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s Canary Wharf Docklands Light Railway Station was reopened on Thursday after a temporary closure due to a fire alert, Transport for London (TfL) said on Twitter.  The service has resumed to all destination, TfL said.  ",1
16463,Iraqi PM Abadi insists outcome of Kurdish independence referendum be canceled,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s prime minister insisted on Thursday that the Kurdish independence referendum be declared void, an apparent rejection of the Kurdistan region s offer to  freeze  its independence push as part of efforts to resolve the crisis through talks.  We won t accept anything but its cancellation and the respect of the Constitution,  Haider al-Abadi said in a statement . The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) proposed on Wednesday an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi Constitution . Baghdad has always considered the Kurdish secession referendum illegal. It responded last week by seizing back the city of Kirkuk, the oil-producing areas around it and other territory that the Kurds had captured from militant group Islamic State. Abadi has ordered his army to recapture all disputed territory and has demanded central control of Iraq s border crossings with Turkey, at Fish-Khabur, located inside the Kurdish autonomous region. Fish-Khabur is strategically vital because oil from both Kurdish and government-held parts of northern Iraq crosses via a pipeline there into Turkey, the main route out of the area for the exports that are crucial to any Kurdish independence bid. The fighting between the central government and the Kurds is particularly tricky for the United States which is a close ally of both sides, arming and training both the Kurds and the central government s army to fight Islamic State. ",1
16464,Kenyan police fire tear gas at pro-opposition youths in Kisumu,"KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired tear gas on Thursday to disperse groups of stone-throwing young men in Kisumu, an opposition stronghold where polling stations have failed to open for the re-run of a presidential election, a Reuters witness said. ",1
16465,"Turkey, Iraq agree on opening second border gate: Turkish customs minister","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey and Iraq have agreed to open a second border gate and its construction will begin once the necessary security measures are taken, Turkey s customs minister said on Thursday.  I had the impression that the Iraqi government agrees that there should be a second border gate , Bulent Tufenkci told Anadolu news agency. He said the planned gate would be near the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, in a region where Islamic State and Kurdish PKK militants still pose a security threat.  Once steps are taken to secure the path, there is no other obstacle for us,  he said. ",1
16466,Pakistani court issues arrest warrant for ex-PM Sharif: media,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A Pakistani court issued an arrest warrant for ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif after he failed to appear before the court over anti-corruption allegations, local media said on Thursday, but he can avoid arrest by paying bail. In Pakistan,  bailable arrest warrants  often act as a warning to deter absences from court, but a judge can later issue non-bailable warrants that are more serious and could see Sharif arrested when he returns to Pakistan. Sharif missed the hearing as he is undertaking a religious pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia, Dawn and other English-language newspapers reported. Sharif had spent previous weeks tending to his wife in London, where she is receiving cancer treatment. Sharif faces three separate corruption charges from the National Accountability Bureau (NAB), an anti-corruption body which has its own courts. Sharif s two sons and his daughter Maryam, who is viewed as Sharif s heir-apparent, are also facing NAB trials. Sharif, 67, resigned in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him from holding office over an undeclared source of income, but the veteran leader maintains his grip on the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party. The Sharifs have called the corruption proceedings against them a conspiracy, hinting at intervention by the powerful military, but opponents have hailed it as a rare example of the rich and powerful being held accountable. The army denies playing a role.  We are going through a time in Pakistan where speaking up against injustice is called contempt of court and speaking up for the nation is called treason, but I still believe that we will be victorious,  Maryam said outside the court, according to Dawn newspaper. Sharif had a representative in court. Sharif s disqualification stemmed from the Panama Papers leaks in 2016 that appeared to show that his daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy flats in London. The NAB court charges against Sharif relate to the ownership of London apartments, as well as establishment of two large-scale factory businesses in Saudi Arabia. Sharifs deny any wrongdoing on all charges. ",1
16467,Turkey to detain 121 ex-foreign ministry staff over Gulen links: media,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police began an operation to detain 121 former foreign ministry staff across the country on Thursday over their alleged links to the U.S.-based cleric who Ankara says orchestrated last year s attempted coup, state-run Anadolu agency said. It said the ministry personnel were previously dismissed over suspected ties to Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen, who lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania. He has denied involvement in the failed putsch in July 2016. Counter-terrorism police squads began simultaneous raids in 30 provinces to capture the suspects, some of whom were believed to be users of ByLock, an encrypted messaging app which the government says was used by Gulen s network, Anadolu reported. Under a crackdown since the coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. The government dismisses rights groups  concerns about the crackdown, saying only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says infiltrated institutions such as the judiciary, army and schools. ",1
16468,NZ Prime Minister heads to trade talks with foreign investment ban on her mind,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Thursday she will seek to renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement in Vietnam in two weeks  time to allow the government to ban foreign speculators buying New Zealand existing homes. Ardern, who was sworn in on Thursday after negotiating a Labour-led coalition after a tight election result, said she had already started work on the restrictions.  Whether it s TPP or any other agreement it s making sure we have the ability to ban foreign buyers from buying existing homes in New Zealand,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington. The 11 TPP members had set a goal of reaching broad agreement on the pact in November at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting set to be held in Vietnam s Danang. New Zealand previously touted itself as a champion of free trade and was a key backer of the TPP since the United States withdrew in January, but Labour has expressed concern TPP would stop it from banning foreigners from buying existing homes. Foreign investors can still buy new houses and apartments. The policy is designed to combat a politically sensitive housing crunch that has priced many New Zealanders out of the market, with prices up more than 50 percent nationally in the last decade. In the city of Auckland, prices have almost doubled in that period. New Zealand was the sixth most popular market for Chinese investors, down from fifth last year, said Jane Lu, head of Australia and New Zealand for international property website Juwai.com. She said foreign buyers tended to fast-forward plans to purchase overseas when new restrictions or taxes loomed. While voters have taken to their charismatic 37-year-old leader, traders have been less impressed with the government s planned protectionist policies and coalition government. The currency had fallen to $0.6861 on Wednesday, its lowest level since May, having plummeted more than 6 percent since the Sept. 23 election. The Kiwi last stood at $0.6878. Veteran protectionist politician Winston Peters, the leader of New Zealand First which holds the balance of power, delivered a victory to Labour after the 23 Sept. election failed to result in a majority for Labour or National. Peters last year described a Chinese company taking a majority ownership in a small New Zealand dairy processor as  lunacy , while he called dairy giant Fonterra s decision to send cows to China  economic treason . His policies have consistently centered around tight controls on immigration and foreign investment. As well as renegotiating the TPP, Ardern said on Thursday that immigration numbers would be cut by up to 30,000 from record levels of over 70,000. Any trade and foreign ownership restrictions could hurt New Zealand s reputation as an open economy and antagonize the likes of China. Trade between the two countries has grown to more than NZ$20 billion ($14.4 billion) a year, and Chinese President Xi Jinping called the relationship  unprecedented  in its depth. ",1
16469,Iraqi forces and PMF attack Peshmerga positions from Zummar: Kurdistan security council,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Iraqi troops and popular mobilization forces began shelling Peshmerga positions from Zummar in northern Nineveh province, the Kurdistan Region Security Council (KRSC) said on Thursday. The KRSC urged Iraqi forces to withdraw from nearby areas and accept the Kurdistan Regional Government s offer for unconditional talks to settle political differences in a statement issued hours before the offensive began. It also called on the United States government to  stop Iraq s reckless behavior . (This version of the story corrects headline to make clear that attack was launched from Zummar, not in Zummar) ",1
16470,Turkish court releases eight rights activists on bail in terrorism trial,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court on Wednesday ordered the release on bail of eight human rights activists, including the director of the local branch of Amnesty International, pending a verdict in their trial on terrorism charges. The case against the activists, who number 11 in total and who face up to 15 years in prison if found guilty, has become a flashpoint in Turkey s tense relations with Europe and heightened concern that an important NATO member is sliding further towards authoritarianism under President Tayyip Erdogan. Among those ordered released were Idil Eser, the director of Amnesty in Turkey, as well as Peter Steudtner, a German national, and Ali Gharavi, a Swede. Under the terms of their release, Steudtner and Gharavi are not required to remain in Turkey before the next court date on Nov. 22. Two other activists were released on bail prior to the start of Wednesday s trial. Another, Amnesty s local chairman, is still being held in the coastal province of Izmir where he faces charges in a separate case.  I think we re all more than relieved,  a tearful Steudtner told reporters after he walked out of the Silivri prison, outside of Istanbul, a few hours later.  We are really grateful for everyone who supported us legally (and) diplomatically.  The case had brought widespread condemnation from rights groups, some Western governments and, on social media, prominent activists such as Edward Snowden. Almost all of the eleven were detained in July after participating in a workshop on digital security held on an island off the coast of Istanbul. The prosecutor has alleged a range of charges, including helping the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of engineering last year s coup attempt.  It is a happy development that our friends are released, but this case should have never been brought,  said one of the defense lawyers, Erdal Dogan.  We need a state of law and we need the support of our citizens.      Germany, which has seen a steady deterioration in ties with Turkey over the case and other rows, said it welcomed the decision, even though it remained concerned about Ankara s record on rights.  That is an encouraging signal, a first step,  Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said in a statement, adding that many Germans remained imprisoned in Turkey for no clear reason.  Eser, the local Amnesty director, had earlier told the court that she had been arrested for doing her job.    I don t understand how I can be associated with three different terrorist organizations by having attended a workshop,  she said.  I don t have anything to regret. I just did my work as a human rights defender.  The prosecutor has cited Amnesty s links to jailed hunger strikers and alleged that some of the defendants had contact with people who had downloaded the encrypted messaging app used by the plotters of last year s failed coup. Another accused, Ozlem Dalkiran, told the court:  I have no idea why we re here.    I dedicated my life to truth, human rights and justice. Now I am here being charged with membership in a terrorist organization,  said Dalkiran, a member of the Turkish arm of the Citizens  Assembly rights organization. Authorities have jailed more than 50,000 people pending trial in a crackdown following the failed military coup. Erdogan says the purges across society are necessary to maintain stability in a key NATO country bordering Iran, Iraq and Syria. European allies fear he is using the investigations to check opposition and undermine the judiciary. The case has worsened Turkey s already fraught relations with the European Union. Shortly after the arrests, Germany said it was reviewing Turkey s applications to buy weaponry from Germany. A cabinet minister in Berlin compared Ankara s behavior to that of the former communist East Germany. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Turkey s 12-year-old attempt to join the European Union should be halted, although Ankara has said it remains determined to press on with its accession process. ",1
16471,Trump says Russia hurting U.S. efforts on North Korea nuclear issue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that Russia was hurting U.S. efforts to rid North Korea of nuclear weapons while China had been helpful. In an interview with Fox Business Network, Trump said it would be easier to resolve the North Korea nuclear issue if the United States had a better relationship with Russia.  China is helping us and maybe Russia s going through the other way and hurting what we re getting,  Trump said of the North Korea situation. A series of weapons tests by North Korea and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have ratcheted up tensions. Trump has pressed China to help rein in North Korea s nuclear program. China, North Korea s sole major ally, accounts for more than 90 percent of trade with the isolated country. Trump said in a tweet that he spoke with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday and the conversation included North Korea. U.S.-Russia relations have been strained over allegations Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Moscow s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and its backing of the Syrian government.   I think we could have a good relationship  with Russia, Trump said. I think that North Korean situation would be easier settled.  Trump said during last year s campaign he hoped to improve relations with Moscow.   ",1
16472,"Japan to propose strategic dialogue with U.S., India and Australia: Nikkei","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will propose a strategic dialogue among leaders of the United States, India and Australia, aiming at counteracting China s expansion under its  Belt and Road  policy, Foreign Minister Taro Kono told the Nikkei business daily. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is expected to propose the idea to U.S. President Donald Trump on Nov. 6 when they plan to hold a summit meeting, said the Nikkei on Thursday.  The proposal is for the leaders of the four nations to promote free trade and defense cooperation across the land and sea to Southeast, South and Central Asia, and beyond to the Middle East and Africa, Kono said in the interview with the Nikkei conducted on Wednesday.  We are in an era when Japan has to exert itself diplomatically by drawing a big strategic picture,  Kono was quoted as saying.  To maintain free and open ocean, the economy and security will surely be on the table,  he said. Kono said the aim was to also promote high-quality infrastructure investment across Asia to Africa. Chinese President Xi Jinping s vast  Belt and Road  infrastructure project was included in the ruling Communist Party s constitution on Tuesday, giving it greater policy heft and added pressure to succeed. The  Belt and Road  plan, a  Silk Road -like initiative, is a vehicle for China to take a greater role on the international stage by funding and building global transport and trade links in more than 60 countries. Kono also said putting pressure on North Korea would  certainly be necessary  to make Pyongyang dismantle its missile and nuclear development, according to the Nikkei. He said if North Korea accepted a review by International Atomic Energy Agency it would be  the most trustworthy  option for conditions for talks between Pyongyang and the international community. ",1
16473,Brazil's Congress rejects corruption case against President Temer,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian lawmakers rejected corruption charges against President Michel Temer on Wednesday evening, shelving a case that had threatened to oust a center-right leader who investors hope will bring Brazil s budget deficit under control. The corruption case, involving the payment of bribes by meatpacker JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), had paralyzed Temer s reform agenda for six months and weakened his government. The lower house of Brazil s Congress, which has the authority to decide whether a president should stand trial by the Supreme Court, voted 251-233 to throw out charges of obstruction of justice and organized crime filed by federal prosecutors.  The vote means that Temer is safe from prosecution while he remains president. But he is still subject to investigation and possible trial by lower courts after his term ends in late 2018. While Temer s opponents were far from the 342 votes - or two-thirds of the seats - needed to put him on trial, he got 12 votes less than in August when the lower house voted 263-227 to block an initial corruption charge against him. The slip in support signals Temer will have trouble passing a pension reform bill that is crucial for plugging Brazil s budget deficit. Many lawmakers are reluctant to back the reform, which would make Brazilians work more years before retirement. The speaker of the house, Rodrigo Maia, said the shelving of the charges against Temer cleared the way for the government and Congress to move ahead with the pension reform debate. Allies said Brazil could not afford the upheaval of removing a second president in little over a year, as Latin America s largest economy struggles to overcome deep recession. Temer succeeded impeached leftist President Dilma Rousseff in 2016. Opponents criticized Temer for making policy concessions and fast-tracking pork barrel spending to win votes to ensure his survival. To please the powerful farm lobby that has two-fifths of the votes in the lower house, Temer agreed to lower fines for environmental damage. He attempted to relax a definition of slave labor, but was forced to backtrack after an outcry. A few hours before the vote, Temer was taken to hospital in pain due to a urinary tract obstruction, a health scare that triggered a brief selloff in financial markets. His office said he underwent a bladder test by catheter and left the hospital later on Wednesday. Temer, 77, was recently diagnosed with a partial coronary artery blockage. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index .BVSP closed up 0.47 percent at 76,706 points after the house reached a quorum allowing the vote to go ahead. Earlier, it touched session lows on the news that Temer was in the hospital. Stocks later pared losses and the currency was flat after his office gave details of his condition.       ",1
16474,Trump congratulates China's Xi on 'extraordinary elevation',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping to congratulate him on a new leadership line-up unveiled at the Communist Party Congress in Beijing. The two also discussed North Korea and trade, Trump said in a Twitter post.  Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo & trade, two very important subjects!  Trump wrote. Xi told Trump China would  unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development  and promote  coordination and cooperation among world major powers , the official Xinhua news agency reported late on Wednesday.  China attaches great importance to the Sino-U.S. relations and is willing to promote the long-term, healthy and stable development of bilateral relations on the basis of mutual respect and mutual benefits,  Xinhua cited Xi as saying. Trump is expected to meet Xi when he visits China next month, when the two are likely to discuss issues related to North Korea and U.S.-China trade. ",1
16475,"U.S. has lost trust in South Sudan, Trump envoy tells president","JUBA (Reuters) - The United States has lost trust in South Sudan s government for fueling the country s civil war and it must bring peace or risk losing support from Washington, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the nation s President Salva Kiir.  Haley was the first senior member of President Donald Trump s administration to visit South Sudan, which spiraled into civil war in 2013, just two years after gaining independence from Sudan. She met one on one with Kiir for some 45 minutes.   I let him know that the United States was at a crossroads and that every decision going forward was going to be based on his actions,  Haley told reporters after the meeting in the capital Juba. The United Nations has warned that the violence in South Sudan, which has forced some 4 million people to flee their homes, was providing  fertile ground  for a genocide. Kiir s government has denied U.N. allegations of ethnic cleansing. Haley had to cut short a visit to a camp for South Sudanese displaced by the violence amid rowdy anti-Kiir protests.   He understood that Americans were disappointed in his leadership in South Sudan, I made that very clear. And he understood that all the aid or help that he hopes will go forward is not a given,  she said.  Haley did not elaborate on what further action Washington could take, but said that Kiir  got what I was trying to say.  On Monday she said Washington was considering how to pressure Kiir into peace, though noted that withdrawing aid may not work. The Trump administration last month imposed sanctions on two senior South Sudanese officials and the former army chief.  We have lost trust in the government and we now need to regain that trust and the only way to regain that trust is through the actions of taking care of all of the people,  Haley told South Sudan s Eye Radio. She demanded that Kiir allow full and consistent humanitarian aid access and bring peace and stability to the country. She said she pushed a timeline for Kiir to act, but declined to elaborate.  Nhial Deng Nihal, a senior adviser to Kiir, said the president told Haley his government and a U.N. peacekeeping mission in South Sudan had established  mechanisms that work jointly to improve and address the humanitarian problems.  He also told reporters that Kiir said government troops  will also be observing a cessation of hostilities in order to create an atmosphere for dialogue.  The civil war was sparked by a feud between Kiir, a Dinka, and his former deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer. It has plunged parts of the world s youngest nation into famine. A fragile peace deal broke down last year and Machar fled the country. He is being held in South Africa to stop him stirring up trouble, sources told Reuters in December.  Haley had to cut short a visit to a camp in Juba, where U.N. peacekeepers are protecting some 30,000 displaced people, after hundreds of rowdy pro-Machar protesters blocked nearby roads, yelling  Salva Kiir is a killer  and  Welcome USA.  Protesters held a large sign that read  South Sudan IDPs (internally displaced people) and refugees love President Trump, the peacemaker and supporter of human rights.   A spokeswoman for the U.N. mission said the protest  started to gain momentum after (Haley) left, IDPs became upset that she was not able to meet with them.  Haley was meeting with a displaced family when she had to leave early due to security concerns.  The previous U.S. administrations of President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama were heavily involved in the birth of South Sudan, which signed a peace accord with Sudan in 2005 and gained independence in 2011. ",1
16476,North Korea diplomat says take atmospheric nuclear test threat 'literally',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The recent warning from North Korea s foreign minister of a possible atmospheric nuclear test over the Pacific Ocean should be taken literally, a senior North Korean official told CNN in an interview aired on Wednesday.  The foreign minister is very well aware of the intentions of our supreme leader, so I think you should take his words literally,  Ri Yong Pil, a senior diplomat in North Korea s Foreign Ministry, told CNN. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said last month Pyongyang may consider conducting  the most powerful detonation  of a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean amid rising tensions with the United States. The minister made the comment after President Donald Trump warned that North Korea, which has been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States, would be totally destroyed if it threatened America. CIA chief Mike Pompeo said last week that North Korea could be only months away from gaining the ability to hit the United States with nuclear weapons. Experts say an atmospheric test would be a way of demonstrating that capability. All of North Korea s previous nuclear tests have been conducted underground. Trump next week will make a visit to Asia during which he will highlight his campaign to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. Despite the bellicose rhetoric, White House officials say Trump is looking for a peaceful resolution of the standoff. But all options, including military ones, are on the table.  The U.S. Navy said on Wednesday a third aircraft carrier strike group was now sailing in the Asia-Pacific region, joining two other carriers, the Ronald Reagan and Theodore Roosevelt.  Navy officials said the Nimitz, which was previously carrying out operations in support of the fight against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, would be ready to support operations in the region before heading back to its home port. It said the movement had been long planned.  A leading South Korea opposition figure, Hong Jun-pyo, head of the conservative Liberty Korea Party, told Reuters in Washington on Wednesday he backed Trump s tough stance. Hong said he had met with members of Congress and the administration and told them a majority of South Koreans wanted U.S. tactical nuclear weapons, which were withdrawn from the Korean peninsula in 1992, returned, or for South Korea to develop a nuclear capability of its own.  The only way to deal with the situation is by having a nuclear balance between the North and the South,  said Hong, the runner-up in South Korea s 2017 presidential election. Reintroducing nuclear weapons remains unlikely, not least because it would undermine demands from Seoul and Washington for North Korea to abandon its nuclear programs. Trump spoke during his election campaign about the possibility of South Korea and Japan acquiring nuclear weapons,  but administration officials have played down the remarks and given no indication of any plan to redeploy tactical weapons. On Wednesday, Trump was asked whether he would visit the tense demilitarized zone dividing North and South Korea during his Asia tour and responded enigmatically.  I d rather not say, but you ll be surprised,  he told reporters. ",1
16477,U.S. House passes sanctions on Iran-backed Hezbollah,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday backed new sanctions on Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia, part of an effort to take a tough line against Tehran without immediately moving to undermine an international nuclear agreement. Three Hezbollah-related measures passed by voice vote, without opposition. The House will vote on Thursday on another bill, to impose additional sanctions on Iran related to its ballistic missiles program. President Donald Trump said on Oct. 13 he would not certify Iran is complying with an international agreement on its nuclear program, and threatened that he might ultimately terminate the accord. Trump s action opened a 60-day window for Congress to act to reimpose sanctions on Iran s nuclear program that were lifted under the agreement, but there has been no move to do so in the House or Senate. Aides said that, for now, House lawmakers are focusing on clamping down on Iran in other ways such as the Hezbollah and missile-related sanctions. The first of the Hezbollah-related measures passed on Wednesday would impose new sanctions on any entities found to support the group, such as by providing weapons to Hezbollah. The second imposes sanctions on Iran and Hezbollah for using civilians as human shields. The third was a resolution urging the European Union to designate Hezbollah as a terrorist organization. The United State named Hezbollah as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997. Earlier this month, Washington offered multimillion-dollar rewards for two of its officials as the Trump administration developed its strategy for countering Iran s growing regional influence.  These critical measures will impose new sanctions to crack down on Hezbollah s financing, and hold it accountable for its acts of death and destruction,  said Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. However, winning international support for an intensified campaign against Hezbollah could prove difficult. The powerful organization is part of Lebanon s fragile coalition government and commands enormous support for the social services it provides. ",1
16478,Brazil's Congress blocks corruption charges against President Temer,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The lower house of Brazil s Congress voted on Wednesday to reject charges filed by prosecutors against President Michel Temer in a case involving bribes allegedly paid by meatpacker JBS SA, sparing him trial by the Supreme Court. With 136 lawmakers voting to throw out the charges, and given a quorum of 477 of them present, Temer s opponents could no longer reach the 342 votes required to authorize the top court to put him on trial. ",1
16479,German parties brace for tough coalition talks on migration,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The three parties exploring a possible coalition in Germany face an early test of their willingness to compromise on Thursday when they try to hammer out a common stance on deeply divisive immigration and asylum policy. German Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to patch together a tricky three-way coalition after her party suffered bruising losses in a national election three weeks ago - losses that even some of her allies blame on her refugee policies. Germany s demographic landscape changed overnight in 2015 with her decision, in the face of refugee flows on a scale not seen since World War Two, to open the borders to over a million migrants fleeing war in the Middle East and Africa. While some hailed the move as a humanitarian act, it was less popular in her own conservative camp, where many blame her for the subsequent surge in the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany party, which took seats from her bloc. Within her conservative bloc, the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) is demanding a cap on refugee numbers, rejected by Merkel as unconstitutional. To her left, the Greens oppose what they see as a populist-driven tightening of asylum rules. With parties far apart, Christian Lindner, leader of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) warned that talks could rapidly descend into conflict with Greens on the sensitive matter of allowing family members to join migrants in Germany.  The CSU s talk of an upper limit is empty,  Lindner told Der Spiegel magazine.  But I have sympathy for the CSU s calls for a change in immigration policy given the need for order,  he added, warning Merkel against compromising with the Greens.  Once control has been re-established, then we can be more open again on family reunification,  he said.  Until then it must be strictly limited to cases of hardship and to the core family - parents and children.  In the first two round of coalition talks, the three parties defied expectations by finding substantial common ground on fiscal policy.  But politicians from all parties have said it could take months to clinch agreement on what would be Germany s first three-way coalition for decades. ",1
16480,"Kenya opposition leader urges vote boycott, civil disobedience","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Opposition leader Raila Odinga urged Kenyans to boycott Thursday s repeat presidential election, saying he would lead a campaign of civil disobedience. Odinga spoke shortly after the Supreme Court said it was unable to consider a last-minute appeal to delay the vote after five out of seven judges failed to turn up. The repeat election was ordered by the Supreme Court on Sept. 1 after judges nullified the results of the Aug. 8 presidential contest on procedural grounds. The election commission had said Odinga lost to President Uhuru Kenyatta by 1.4 million votes. Odinga is refusing to participate in Thursday s contest because he says the election commission has failed to implement reforms to prevent it being, once again, marred by irregularities.  We advise Kenyans who value democracy and justice to hold vigil and prayers away from polling stations, or just stay at home,  he told a cheering crowd in Nairobi s Uhuru Park, backing away from previous promise to call large-scale protests.   Convince your friends, neighbors and everyone else not to participate,  he said in English. If they support the president, he cautioned:  do not insult or assault them. Instead, seek to open their eyes.  But several speakers who preceded him gave speeches in KiSwahili calling on opposition supporters not to allow people to vote.  With the Supreme Court unable to hear petitions to delay the vote, election officials said it would go ahead, regardless of Odinga s decision. The head of the national election board, Wafula Chebukati, said the vote would proceed even if some polling stations were unable to open.  In cases where there will be problems (delivering materials) ... the polling officer will have the right to inform us and polling can be suspended to another day.  Seeking to explain the Supreme Court s absences, Chief Justice David Maraga said one judge was unwell, another was abroad and another was unable to attend after her bodyguard was shot and wounded on Tuesday night. It was unclear why the others did not show up. Turmoil ahead of the election prompted the U.S. State Department to issue a statement saying it was  deeply concerned  by efforts by both parties to undermine the independence of the electoral commission. It condemned the attack on the deputy chief justice s bodyguard and urged Kenyans to reject violence. Minutes after Maraga s remarks on live television, hundreds of supporters took to the streets of Kisumu, Odinga s main stronghold. Riot police used teargas to disperse them. Two protesters received gunshot wounds, a Reuters witness said.  If the government subverts the sovereign will of the people ... then people are entitled to rebel against this government,  Kisumu governor Anyang Nyong o, a hardline Odinga supporter, told reporters. Such comments seem certain to fuel fears of a major confrontation with security forces, already blamed for killing nearly 50 people in Kisumu and Nairobi slums after the canceled August vote. Months of political uncertainty have blunted growth in Kenya, East Africa s biggest economy and a key Western ally valued for its relative freedom and stability in a tumultuous region.  Kenyatta is keen for the poll to proceed to cement his rule.   Many wonder when or if ever all this politicking will end,  he said in a televised speech on Wednesday evening.  I call to each and every one of us to turn out once again and vote.   For some citizens, the instability has rekindled memories of large-scale ethnic violence that killed 1,200 people following a disputed election in 2007. Meanwhile, in anticipation of possible violence ahead of the elections on Thursday, shoppers crammed into Nairobi s upmarket Carrefour supermarket to stock up on food, said Jason Straziuso, who had to wait nearly two hours to pay for his groceries.    There was about 40 carts per register, everyone was jockeying for position trying to find the shortest line,  he said.  Every single cart was as full as it could be.  Single mother Marian Elema said she had paid double the usual bus fare for to take her five children to her home town Isiolo, in central Kenya, because she feared violence would break out in the port city of Mombasa where they live.   I decided to travel home to escape possible clashes between opposition supporters and police,  she told Reuters.  I am not here to vote but for the safety of my children.  In Kisumu s tallying center, election officer John Ngutai sat huddled with a handful of other officials, waiting for missing election material and hundreds of absent colleagues. He said attacks by opposition supporters last week meant the election board had only managed to train 250 out of 1,300 staff needed to hold the election in his constituency.  Our trainings were disrupted and officials attacked, so some people withdrew,  he said.  Even if the election goes ahead, the opposition might still challenge the result in the Supreme Court. Judges said they were prepared to annul the re-run, and send the country of 45 million back to square one, if the election does not meet the required standards. In a ruling early on Wednesday, High Court Judge George Odunga said some local election officials had been appointed in an irregular manner, but to withdraw them at the last minute would only make an already dire situation worse.  For the elections to proceed in the absence of the said officers would in my view be a constitutional crisis of unimaginable magnitude. Simply put, it would be a recipe for chaos.  However, he admitted that not dismissing them could form the grounds for legal challenges afterwards.  Opposition lawyers seeking to challenge Thursday s vote might also cite the failure of the election board to hold elections in all parts of the country, if enough polling stations are unable to open.  The constitution does not stipulate a minimum turnout, but says the election should be held at the same time in all parts of the country. ",1
16481,Thailand kicks off sumptuous funeral of King Bhumibol Adulyadej,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand on Wednesday marked the start of a lavish, five-day funeral for King Bhumibol Adulyadej with a Buddhist religious ceremony attended by senior members of its royal family. King Bhumibol, who died last year aged 88, will be cremated on Thursday on a royal pyre within a cremation complex of gold pavilions in front of Bangkok s Grand Palace, in a ceremony that is expected to draw about 250,000 mourners. Thailand has observed a year of mourning for King Bhumibol, who was regarded as a pillar of stability during a reign of seven decades that witnessed political upheaval and rapid development in the Southeast Asian nation.   It s overwhelming,  said one mourner, Aporn Wongdee, 60,  who hails from the southern province of Nakhon Si Thammarat.  I ve been here for two days already and I want to see our father to heaven.       A sum of $90 million has been set aside for the funeral, the likes of which has never been seen in Thailand, officials involved in the funeral preparations said. King Maha Vajiralongkorn, known as Rama X, who inherited the throne in December on his father s death, arrived at the Grand Palace by car on Wednesday as soldiers dressed in red uniforms and black hats stood to attention.  He was flanked by his two daughters. Live television images from inside the palace showed the king lighting candles in front of his father s coffin and a symbolic royal urn. The Buddhist funeral ceremony, mixed with Hindu rituals, was attended by 119 Buddhist monks who chanted prayers in the ancient Pali language. Queues of black-clad mourners, many carrying portraits of the king, snaked around parts of Bangkok s old town, waiting to enter the cremation area. By mid-afternoon, 25,000 mourners had gathered around the cremation site, city police said. In what is expected to be an emotionally-charged morning, King Bhumibol s body will be moved on Thursday from the Grand Palace to a crematorium in a public square in front, where thousands of people have already pitched tents to ensure places. On Thursday, three processions will make their way from the palace to the cremation site - a series of specially-erected Thai pavilions that took nearly a year to build. Some Thais have folded flowers of sandalwood paper to be used in the cremation, in the belief that their fragrance guides the soul of the departed to heaven. The cremation day has been declared a national holiday, when banks will be closed and major shopping centers will be shut from 3 p.m. ",1
16482,Trump declines to say if he will visit Korean DMZ on Asia trip,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump declined to say on Wednesday whether he will visit the Korean Peninsula s demilitarized zone during an upcoming Asia tour.  I d rather not say, but you ll be surprised,  Trump told reporters on the White House South Lawn as he prepared to depart on a trip to Dallas.  Trump is scheduled to depart on Nov. 3 on a trip that includes visits to Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines. His trip is expected to be heavily dominated by the nuclear and ballistic missile threat that North Korea poses. The DMZ is a border barrier between South and North Korea and is a traditional stop for American dignitaries. White House officials say Trump is to visit South Korea s Camp Humphreys during his visit to South Korea to hail the U.S.-South Korean alliance.  There are no concerns about what message Trump would send by not going to the DMZ, a senior White House official told reporters on Monday.  The message is that we are guests during a state visit of President Moon Jae-in, who s invited us to make a visit to Camp Humphreys. So we ll keep talking with the South Korean government to see if there are things that they want to adjust,  the official said. ",1
16483,Canada's indigenous population undergoes dramatic growth: census,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada s indigenous population is growing four times faster than the rest the country, census data showed on Wednesday, marking a dramatic increase in the ranks of people who have long struggled with poverty and marginalization. A growing number of Canadians identifying themselves as indigenous, a higher fertility rate and a higher life expectancy for indigenous people than in the past help explain the rapid growth rate, Statistics Canada said.  Canada s indigenous population grew 42.5 percent in the 10  years to 2016 to 1.7 million people, compared to 11 percent growth for Canada as a whole, Statistics Canada said, in data released from the 2016 census.   The findings show a young population, with an average age of 32.1 years, compared with 40.9 for the non-aboriginal population.  The census, which showed indigenous people accounting for nearly 5 percent of the population overall, also found a younger generation significantly more likely to be raised in foster care. Indigenous children made up 7.7 percent of all Canadians under 5 but more than half of the children were in foster homes, according to the census data. The census also found that one fifth of the indigenous population lives in over-crowded housing, and 44 percent of indigenous people on reserves were living in homes that needed major repairs.  Last month, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada had failed its indigenous people. In a speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Trudeau acknowledged the dark history of Canada s colonization as one of  humiliation, neglect and abuse  and promised to do more. Statistics Canada estimated that by 2036, indigenous people will comprise one-fifth of the populations of the prairie provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan - potentially giving them greater political clout.  Canada s indigenous people come from hundreds of nations and bands, with more than 70 distinct languages. They include First Nations, M tis, people of mixed indigenous and European background, and Inuit, who largely inhabit Canada s north. Population growth between 2006 and 2016 was highest for M tis, at 51.2 percent. That appeared to result, at least in part,  from more people calling themselves M tis rather than from a mushrooming M tis birth rate, Statistics Canada figures suggest. In 2011, M tis women s birth rate was just 12.5 percent higher than that of non-indigenous women.   I think these are people who are kind of dipping their toe into these identity waters,  said Chris Andersen, a professor and dean of Native Studies at the University of Alberta. ",1
16484,U.S. voices concern about efforts to undermine Kenya presidential vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday condemned efforts to undermine Kenya s repeat presidential vote, saying both parties in the election were working to interfere with the independent operation of the electoral commission.  We are deeply concerned about the continuing efforts of both parties to interfere with and undermine the independent operation of the electoral commission, the judiciary, and other essential institutions,  U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement on the eve of the Kenya vote. ",1
16485,Turkey court releases eight activists on bail in terrorism case,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court on Wednesday ordered the release on bail of eight defendants, including the director of the local branch of Amnesty International and two foreign nationals, pending the verdict in their on-going trial on terrorism charges. The next hearing is set for Nov.22.   The trial of the 11 activists, who face up to 15 years in prison if found guilty, has become a flashpoint in Turkey s tension with Europe. Most them were detained in July after participating in a workshop on digital security held on island off the coast of Istanbul. The prosecutor has alleged a range of charges, including the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and the network of the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of engineering last year s coup attempt. Two of the activists were released on bail prior to the start of Wednesday s trial. Another, the chairman of Amnesty International s local arm, is being held in the coastal province of Izmir where he faces charges in an additional case. ",1
16486,Hungary detains migrant wanted for 70 murders in Pakistan: police,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian police have detained a Pakistani migrant wanted for murdering around 70 people in his home country, Hungarian and Austrian police said on Wednesday. In a statement, police in Hungary s Bacs-Kiskun county said they had stopped a group of illegal migrants near the southern border with Serbia on Tuesday and identified the 35-year-old man among them. The police identified him only by the initials A.Z. and said he was the target of an international arrest warrant issued by Pakistan. They said he was being held in Hungary but gave no further details. Austrian police issued a statement saying the arrest had been made after a tip-off from Austria to Hungarian authorities. They said the man had been planning to go to Austria with the help of people-smugglers. They declined to identify him on grounds of Austria s data protection rules.     ",1
16487,"Suspected Boko Haram militants kill eight soldiers, one civilian in Nigeria's northeast: police","BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram militants killed eight soldiers and one civilian in an attack in Nigeria s northeast, a police official said on Wednesday. The attack in Yobe state on Tuesday evening also left five civilians injured, Abdulmalik Sumonu, commissioner of police for Yobe, told Reuters by phone. ",1
16488,Iran says defense capabilities not negotiable amid U.S. pressure,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s defense capabilities are not negotiable, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Wednesday in remarks made previously but which now come amid increased pressure from the U.S. government over Tehran s ballistic missile program. Ties between Iran and the United States have deteriorated under U.S. President Donald Trump and suffered another deep blow two weeks ago when he decided not to certify that Tehran is complying with a 2015 nuclear pact and warning he might ultimately terminate it. Iran has reacted defiantly, dismissing Trump s demands for the pact to be toughened up. Last week, Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, the most powerful military force in the country, said its ballistic missile program would accelerate despite U.S. and European Union pressure to suspend it.  The defense capabilities and strength of the country are not negotiable or up for haggling,  Khamenei was cited as saying at a ceremony at the Imam Ali army officer s academy in Tehran, according to state media. The ramping up of rhetoric on both sides has raised the specter of a possible military confrontation between the two countries. In recent months, small boats from the Revolutionary Guards navy have swarmed close to American warships in the Gulf, prompting the U.S. navy to fire flares and warning shots. Under the landmark 2015 deal between Iran and world powers, the Islamic Republic agreed to curbs on its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of a number of sanctions. The U.S. Senate is considering new legislation which could lead to Washington restoring sanctions on Iran should it test a ballistic missile able to carry a warhead or bar nuclear inspectors from any sites. In response, Khamenei said last week that Tehran would stick to the nuclear accord with world powers as long as the other signatories respected it, but would  shred  the deal if Washington pulled out. ",1
16489,Drone kills seven suspected al Qaeda members in Yemen: sources,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Seven suspected al Qaeda militants were killed by a drone strike in central Yemen on Wednesday, residents and local officials said.  The strikes hit two cars carrying armed individuals in al-Bayda province, the sources said.  U.S. forces have repeatedly launched drone and air strikes against Yemen s al Qaeda branch, known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The group has taken advantage of a more than two-year-old civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthi group and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s Saudi-backed government to strengthen its position in the impoverished country. AQAP operates in several provinces in southern and eastern Yemen, including in Abyan, Shabwa and al-Bayda. ",1
16490,Three people die in bomb and gun attacks in Somalia,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Three people died in Somalia on Wednesday in different attacks, one of which targeted a patrol of peacekeepers near the country s capital, Mogadishu, officials told Reuters.  A roadside bomb killed one African Union peacekeeper and wounded another as they patrolled Arbis, a village about 23 kilometers southwest of Mogadishu, according to Wilson Rono, a spokesman for the African Union peacekeeping force AMISOM. A counter-attack by AMISOM killed four al Shabaab fighters, Rono said. Al Shabaab is the Islamist militant group fighting to topple Somalia s western-backed government and replace it with one strictly adhering to Islamic sharia law.  The group also frequently targets AMISOM, which is supporting the central government.  Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military spokesman, told Reuters the group had killed four AMISOM soldiers and injured two others in the assault   We have not lost anyone,  Abu Musab said, adding that AMISOM had killed civilian as it responded to the attack. In a second incident late on Wednesday evening, a bomb exploded as it was being prepared in a house in Mogadishu s Karan district, according to Mohamed Osman, a police officer.  It killed one man and injured another,  Osman said. A female police officer was also killed in Mogadishu s Hodan district by gunmen who quickly disappeared, a police official said. Abu Musab told Reuters al Shabaab was also responsible for that attack.  ",1
16491,EU envoys start discussion on ties with London after Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union nations except Britain began preparing on Wednesday for a transition period in relations with London and for their future ties after Brexit, with meetings over the next month aimed at drawing up guidelines for EU leaders in December. Brussels envoys from the 27 EU states that will remain in the bloc after Britain exits on March 29, 2019, met for the first time since EU leaders last week decided not enough progress had been made in talks on the terms of the divorce with Britain to start discussions about future relations yet. To encourage stronger efforts, EU leaders said they would start preparing now for talks on a transition period so they are ready if enough progress is made by the next summit in December.  The process will start now, in the sense that we will meet successively... over the coming month,  one EU official involved in the talks said, adding there was likely to be discussion on the subject also during a ministerial meeting on Nov 20.  We will prepare our thinking on the transition, the future relationship, and the possible additional guidelines for the December European Council,  the official said.  The outcome of the work would likely be presented in the December summit conclusions if leaders decide that enough progress was made on the divorce terms, officials said. Britain wants an outline agreement with the European Union in place by the end of March 2018 on the transitional arrangements that will apply temporarily after it leaves the bloc, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday. EU officials said that was a very tough goal, but one that could be achieved if London showed enough willingness.  It s not so much if we can do it by the first quarter, but if we can get the UK to engage in a way that makes that possible,  the official said. Both sides expect a transition period of around two years. The EU s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, on Tuesday said that would mean preserving the status quo as Britain would stay subject to EU laws and courts during that time. In an interview with Belgium s L Echo newspaper, Barnier said the only difference between full EU membership now and the transition period would be that  the British would no longer take part in decisions on European legislation . EU officials said the extra two years of transition would buy time for talks about a future free trade agreement, but poured cold water on the idea of extending the exit negotiations beyond that period with a view to keeping Britain within the EU.  I don t think anyone foresees an extension of the existing negotiation period,  the EU official said.  We ve already danced around with the UK for so long. First with Cameron. Then their referendum. Now this. It needs to end at some point,  the official said. Businesses in Britain and in Europe are very concerned by the slow progress in Brexit talks. Not knowing what the future trade agreement between Britain and its biggest trading partner, the EU, will be, some have already started moving staff and operations out of Britain to hedge their bets. More could follow should no more clarity be given by the two negotiating sides by the end of the year. Barnier said that Britain could not count on a bespoke trade deal after Brexit and that since it has ruled out following the example of Norway s relations with the EU it would probably have to model its ties on an arrangement the EU has with Canada. Non-EU Norway currently pays for access to the bloc s single market of 500 million people, though it is not part of the same customs union. In exchange, it is also obliged to allow the free movement of people in and out of the EU. Britain wants to leave both the EU s internal market and the customs union, meaning a  Canada +  scenario is more likely. The European bloc s trade deal with Canada, its most ambitious arrangement yet, has just taken effect. Under the deal Canada can still pursue its own bilateral trade agreements elsewhere in the world. ",1
16492,Crisis over Catalan independence nears crucial few days,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont kept friends and foes guessing on Wednesday on whether he intends to unilaterally declare independence as the Spanish government prepares to impose direct rule to stop the region breaking away. Puigdemont spurned an invitation to explain his position to the Senate in Madrid on Thursday   an indication of the rigid stands taken by both sides in Spain s gravest political crisis since the end of the Franco dictatorship in 1975. He also kept his silence on whether to call for a new regional election, a move which might prompt the Madrid government to postpone its plan to take over Catalonia s institutions and police. The next few days could prove crucial in the  battle of wills that has followed an independence referendum on Oct. 1, which Madrid declared illegal and the Catalan government said endorsed its claim to statehood. While it is not clear how the central government will take over in practical terms, nor how Catalan civil servants and police will react, some independence supporters have threatened a campaign of civil disobedience, raising the possibility of ugly confrontations. The Catalan secessionist drive is the most serious existential challenge to a Western European country since the Scottish independence referendum in 2014, when voters in the end decided to stay part of the United Kingdom.  It has caused deep resentment elsewhere in Spain, caused a flight of business from the wealthy region, and worried other European leaders who see it as fanning separatist sentiment elsewhere on the continent. Madrid has rejected Puigdemont s calls for dialogue to resolve the situation, saying he first must withdraw an ambiguous declaration of independence made earlier this month. But it did invite to him address the Senate on Thursday.  However, late on Wednesday the Catalan leader turned down the offer, a spokesman for the regional government said, on the grounds that Madrid had already announced its plans to impose direct control on the autonomous region. The Senate is expected to give the green light for that on Friday morning. It was still unclear if Puigdemont would make a unilateral declaration of independence, which, given the opposition from the Madrid government as well as European leaders, would be merely symbolic. Also up in the air was whether he would call a snap regional election, something a senior Catalan politician said on Tuesday was being considered. He could still do this on Friday before the Senate strips him of his powers and imposes direct rule. Some Spanish political and business leaders, along with most Catalan newspapers, have backed the idea as a snap election could forestall direct rule and help break the deadlock. Calling an election could also either strengthen Puigdemont s mandate if pro-independence parties won, or allow him a graceful exit if they did not. An opinion poll published by the El Periodico newspaper on Sunday showed a snap election would probably have results similar to the last ballot, in 2015, when a coalition of pro-independence parties formed a minority government. The actual steps to enforce direct rule could be taken gradually in order not to inflame the situation. Catalonia said on Monday it was confident its officials, including the police, would defy attempts by Madrid to take over institutions. Analyst Antonio Barroso of Teneo Intelligence said Puigdemont was caught between radicals and moderates in the Catalan establishment. Radical elements want him to make the Catalan parliament declare independence unilaterally on Thursday or Friday. This would provoke a tough government reaction, playing into their hands, he said. More moderate voices have said that if he calls an early election, he could stop the imposition of direct rule.  Both sides are engaged in a game to tag each other with the blame for what happens next,  Barroso said. ",1
16493,Victims of South Sudan attack on aid workers start testifying from U.S.,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Foreign victims of an attack on aid workers in South Sudan began giving testimony via video link from the United States on Wednesday in the trial of government soldiers accused of murder and gang rape. The assault on the Terrain Hotel in the South Sudan capital Juba in July 2016, at the end of a battle between government and rebel forces, left a South Sudanese aid worker dead and at least five foreign women raped.  We had testimony from one of the victims through a video conference,  prosecution lawyer Philips Anyang told Reuters, without giving details. He added that a second victim was scheduled to testify on Thursday. Six witnesses are to testify from the United States, with the assistance of the FBI. The military trial in Juba is not open to the media. U.N. investigators and rights groups have frequently accused both the South Sudanese army and rebels of murder, torture and rape, and say such crimes almost always go unpunished.  The civil war, which has killed tens of thousands, broke out in 2013 between the army of President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, and rebels of former vice president Riek Machar, a Nuer. The trial of 12 suspects in the hotel attack is the first prosecution in South Sudan of soldiers accused of committing atrocities. It had been stalled due to a lack of witness evidence. Previously, the court in Juba demanded witnesses travel to South Sudan to testify, but most were unwilling to do so out of safety and confidentiality concerns. The court has now dropped that requirement.  For [the court] to concede that point was a sign that they were willing to accept victims  concerns and victims  wishes to be a lot more sensitive,  one woman who was raped in the attack told Reuters before the trial began. Another woman told Reuters before the trial that she had been gang-raped by 15 men in the hotel incident. She said she wanted to testify because most victims of such crimes in South Sudan did not get justice.  To stand up and put it on the record that these atrocities are being committed by forces ... is an amazing opportunity that I had to take,  she said. Also testifying will be at least one eyewitness to the murder of the South Sudanese aid worker, John Gatluak, a Nuer who had worked for U.S.-funded organization Internews, Anyang told Reuters. ",1
16494,"Kazakhstan to re-examine 2004 banker's death, may target Nazarbayev critic","ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakh state prosecutors said on Wednesday they will re-investigate the 2004 death of a prominent banker after the man convicted of accidentally killing him said he had in fact been hired to do so by Mukhtar Ablyazov, a former oligarch turned opponent of President Nursultan Nazarbayev. The Central Asian nation s government has accused Ablyazov, who has been living in France, of embezzling billions of dollars from a local bank he used to run. A French court last year ruled against extraditing him, however, and set him free. The new probe may lead to a fresh extradition request from the former Soviet republic, setting the stage for another prolonged legal battle in European courts. Ablyazov, once a wealthy businessman who became a government minister, led an opposition political movement in the early 2000s until being convicted on corruption charges in 2002. Nazarbayev pardoned him in 2003. But Ablyazov fell out with the strongman leader again in 2009 when the government nationalized BTA, Kazakhstan s biggest bank at the time, of which Ablyazov was the chairman and majority shareholder. He then fled Kazakhstan, whose authorities have since unsuccessfully tried to have him brought back to the country on fraud and embezzlement charges while also seeking to seize his personal assets. On Tuesday, a businessman now in prison for an unrelated crime claimed in a television documentary that he had murdered Ablyazov s former associate in 2004 in a  hit job  ordered by the oligarch. At the time, the death was ruled involuntary manslaughter as the killer said he had accidentally shot banker Yerzhan Tatishev during a hunting trip. Tatishev was the chief executive of BTA; shortly after his death Ablyazov became the bank s chairman. The Prosecutor General s office said on Wednesday it was reopening the case and reclassifying it as murder. Although the prosecutors  statement did not mention Ablyazov, the latter accused the government in a Facebook post on Wednesday of forcing the alleged killer to falsely testify against him. Since a French court set him free last December, Ablyazov has regularly used social networks to criticize Nazarbayev, who has run the oil-rich nation of 18 million since 1989. ",1
16495,EU too? Lawmakers denounce harassment in Brussels,"STRASBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU lawmakers accused their own parliament on Wednesday of failing to protect staff from sexual harassment, as allegations of abuse in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein case have raised questions over standards also in Brussels  institutions. Debating an emergency motion calling on authorities to beef up rules and enforcement of gender equality laws and sanctions for abuse in workplaces across Europe, members of the European Parliament also demanded the EU legislature stop turning a blind eye to  disgusting  practices by some of their own colleagues.  Here, today, in the very heart of European democracy, we have women being molested and harassed,  Polish member Jadwiga Wisniewska told the chamber.  This is unimaginable.  This month s allegations about Hollywood producer Weinstein - who denies all accusations of non-consensual sex - has set off a wave of reflection about sexual harassment in Europe as in other parts of the world. Several MEPs held signs bearing the Twitter hashtag #metoo.  I have been sexually harassed, just like millions of other women in the European Union,  German member Terry Reintke said.  It is about time that we very clearly say that we should not be ashamed. The perpetrators should be ashamed.  In the EU institutions themselves, with an unusual mix of powerful hierarchies, politics and a culturally diverse workforce drawn from across the continent, women are accusing managers of doing too little for too long to stamp out abuse.  We ve all heard the stories and rumors going on for many years,  Britain s Margot Parker said during the debate in Strasbourg, the Brussels-based parliament s second home.  The very place that claims to legislate against this sort of disgusting behavior is turning a blind eye to its practice.  This week, Parliament President Antonio Tajani spoke of his  shock and indignation  after a Sunday Times report on more than a dozen mostly young female parliamentary aides who complained of groping, stalking and other harassment by male lawmakers. He pledged to step up existing protections to encourage people to come forward, something campaigners say is overdue.  It comes as no surprise to those of us working for years on the fight to end violence against women that sexual harassment is also widespread throughout the EU institutions,  said the European Women s Lobby, a Brussels-based, pan-European organization.  There is still inadequate means to ensure that women still feel safe enough to come forward to report incidences.  At the European Commission, the executive branch of the EU which employs 32,000 people, 55 percent of them women, measures have been in place since 2006 to prevent any form of harassment and to protect whistleblowers. Over the past five years an average of 13 complaints have been made each year, with disciplinary sanctions being imposed in about four cases each year, Commission figures show. Commenting on those figures, European Women s Lobby secretary-general Joanna Maycock, told Reuters that the number of complaints seemed  very low  for the size of the workforce. The Commission s gender equality chief, Czech Commissioner Vera Jourova, said last week that she had herself been a victim of sexual harassment in the past but saw  stigmatization  as preventing many women in Brussels from speaking up. The Weinstein affair was, she feared, the  peak of the iceberg . Jourova was speaking to Brussels  Politico news service, which has set up a confidential website that has garnered more than 30 allegations in a week, from both women and men, of offences including rape, connected to the European Parliament. ",1
16496,"Brazil's Temer sent for tests, treatment for urinary obstruction","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian President Michel Temer went to an army hospital on Wednesday for tests and treatment after his doctor identified a urinary obstruction causing him pain, the presidential office said in a written statement. ",1
16497,Islamic State claims deadly attack on Libyan checkpoint,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Two soldiers were killed and three wounded at a military checkpoint in northeastern Libya on Wednesday, witnesses and officials said, in an attack claimed by Islamic State. A witness said about a dozen armed vehicles had been used in the dawn assault on a checkpoint 60 km (37 miles) south of the city of Ajdabiya run by the eastern-based Libyan National Army (LNA). The attackers set fire to the checkpoint and one of the victims was burned inside his car, said Mustafa Boufjara, a spokesman for Ajdabiya s security department. Images of the checkpoint showed charred checkpoint cabins and two burned cars. In a statement carried by Islamic State s Amaq news agency, IS said its militants had seized a vehicle equipped with a machinegun as well as other weapons and ammunition. Islamic State militants have carried out several attacks on LNA checkpoints in recent months.  The jihadists have been trying to regroup from desert bases since losing their stronghold of Sirte, about 390 km (240 miles) west of Ajdabiya, last December.      ",1
16498,"In Kenya opposition stronghold, a repeat presidential vote looks unlikely","KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - As Kenya prepared to hold a repeat presidential poll on Thursday despite an opposition boycott, a handful of scared election officials huddled by an echoing hall in Kisumu, a stronghold of opposition leader Raila Odinga.    Going out of that gate with this ballot box is like a suicide mission,  26-year-old Evans said on Wednesday. The young man, too frightened to give his last name, is meant to be in charge of one of the constituency s polling stations. But only 19 of his 400 colleagues reported for duty at the Lions Club High School. Drivers meant to transport them to polling stations were too scared to show up.  Kisumu is the heartland of support for Odinga, who is boycotting Thursday s vote because he said the election board has failed to push through reforms.  The repeat vote, meant to pit Odinga against President Uhuru Kenyatta, was ordered by the Supreme Court after it nullified Kenyatta s win in an Aug. 8 presidential poll on procedural grounds. Odinga s boycott leaves Kenyatta as the only serious contender. None of the other five candidates gained more than one percent in August, virtually guaranteeing Kenyatta a second five-year term. At a rally on Wednesday, Odinga dismissed the five as  flower girls  at Kenyatta s wedding.  On Wednesday, the Supreme Court was due to hear a petition seeking to delay the poll, but was unable to do so after five out of seven judges failed to show up. Minutes after the court announced it could not hear the case, hundreds of Odinga supporters poured onto Kisumu streets, blocking roads with logs and stones and lighting tyres. Most election staff decided to stay home.   I m afraid because it s getting late,  returning officer John Ngutai told Reuters late on Wednesday afternoon.  My staff fear to come.  The officials sitting with Ngutai said they had been attacked twice by Odinga supporters, who targeted training sessions by election officials last week.  Police struggled to save presiding officer Diana Odhiambo, 44, from a stick-wielding crowd of men. Ngutai played video of the incident on his phone, as Odhiambo said:  I love my job, but my family is very nervous.  Ngutai said preparations were far behind schedule, and it wasn t clear if the election could be held. Polling stations are supposed to open at 6 a.m.   The roads are blocked, we can t access the polling stations, the owners of the vehicles to transport my staff are scared,  he sighed, as his phone rang incessantly.  But 26-year-old Evans, burrowed into a deep blue hooded sweater, said he would stick around a little longer because he still believed in the elections.   Our lives are in danger,  he said. But  I m determined to make Kenya better. I believe that following a constitutional process is better.  ",1
16499,U.N. nuclear chief to visit Iran this weekend,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog will visit Iran on Sunday for talks with senior officials there, as opposition from the United States threatens to undermine an international accord to curtail Iran s nuclear program. Yukiya Amano, the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, will discuss Iran s implementation of the 2015 agreement, the IAEA said on Wednesday. The visit comes during a dispute between Washington and Tehran over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision this month not to certify Iranian compliance with the landmark nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. The U.S. Congress now has less than 60 days to decide whether to re-impose economic sanctions on Tehran that were lifted under the deal, in exchange for restrictions on Iran s nuclear activities. Amano, whose agency is in charge of policing those restrictions, has defended the agreement as a  net gain  for nuclear verification and said Iran s commitments under the deal are being implemented. The IAEA did not mention Trump s refusal to certify Iran was complying with the agreement. European Union leaders have reaffirmed their commitment to the accord, hoping that Congress will prevent the deal from collapsing. Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said Tehran will stick to the agreement as long as the other signatories do, but will  shred  the deal if Washington pulls out, as Trump has threatened to do. ",1
16500,Austrian far right says 'very good start' in Kurz coalition talks,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s far-right Freedom Party said coalition talks with conservative leader Sebastian Kurz made a  very, very good start  on Wednesday, mapping out a process that could end its decade in opposition. Foreign Minister Kurz, who is just 31, and his People s Party won last week s parliamentary election with 31.5 percent of the vote but they need a partner to form a stable government.  Kurz s hard line on immigration and his decision to force the collapse of the current coalition with the Social Democrats, who came second, made the anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) - founded by ex-Nazis in the 1950s - a more willing partner.   It was today a very, very good start to negotiations ... a positive mutual gauging by the negotiating teams,  FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache told a joint news conference with Kurz after the first round of talks at an ornate palace in Vienna. Coalition talks in Austria last roughly two months on average, and Kurz has said he wants a deal by Christmas.  Both men had negotiating teams of four party officials and agreed on five headings for their talks, ranging from  future , for issues such as science and the environment, to a more self-explanatory  security, order and protecting the homeland . The two sides have much common ground on immigration, an issue that dominated the election after Europe s migration crisis left many voters feeling Austria was overrun. But after Wednesday s talks they said they would start with another issue both have focused on: reducing inefficiencies in state spending. Kurz and Strache said they would examine finance ministry data with a view to deciding where savings could be achieved.  Our aim is to find the losses through friction in the system and then of course to deal with where there is the potential to increase efficiency,  Kurz said.  That as a first round should build the foundation for the subsequent negotiations on content.  The rise of far-right parties like France s National Front and the Alternative for Germany since the migration crisis started in 2015 makes it less likely the FPO s accession to power would provoke the same outcry as in 2000, when the European Union imposed short-lived sanctions on Austria. But some European leaders have expressed concern at its strong showing and President Alexander Van der Bellen, who has the power to appoint and dismiss governments, has said any coalition must be guided by  fundamental European values . What that means for the FPO and the talks is unclear. As part of a push to make itself more acceptable to the mainstream, it has stopped calling for Austria to leave the bloc and says it is now  pro-European  while saying Brussels should hand back more powers to member states. That overlaps with Kurz s view that the EU should be slimmed down and focus on tasks like trade and securing external borders.  Europe is of course an issue,  Kurz said when asked why it wasn t in one of the five broad headings for talks, adding that it would come under the heading  state and society .  From my point of view the atmosphere was a very, very positive one,  he added. ",1
16501,"U.S. touts military ties in Philippines as Duterte courts Russia, China","CLARK, Philippines (Reuters) - The timing of U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis  trip to the Philippines this week couldn t have been better, coming just as it celebrated a victory against Islamist militants in Marawi City - with a critical dose of help from the U.S. military. But as Mattis met President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday, five Russian warships were parked off the Philippines and Moscow was preparing to formally hand over thousands of assault rifles, a million rounds of ammunition and 20 army trucks at a public ceremony on Wednesday. Duterte, known for his strident anti-American rhetoric, has made no secret of his plans to cultivate ties with America s rivals, Russia and China. Those efforts appear to be starting to bear fruit. Just before he met Mattis, Duterte sat down with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu on Tuesday, who, like Mattis, was attending a gathering of Asian defense ministers north of Manila. Shoigu signed two military deals, including the procurement of unspecified equipment. On Wednesday, Duterte was scheduled to visit a Russian anti-submarine ship, the Admiral Pantaleyev, docked in Manila.  U.S. Ambassador Sung Kim played down any U.S. concerns about Duterte s outreach to China and Russia and noted that the United States, a former colonial power, was the country s only treaty ally, with far deeper ties in the Philippines.  I m not really threatened by this notion that China or Russia are providing some military equipment to the Philippines,  Kim told a small group of reporters traveling with Mattis.   We have been providing very important equipment to the Philippines for many, many years. The fact that the Chinese and the Russians have provided some rifles, I m not sure is really such a cause for concern for the United States.  Duterte s often profanity-laden tirades against the United States have become his trademark during his year-old presidency, and he has chided Washington for treating his country  like a dog,  despite the longstanding U.S. assistance. Still, Duterte s rhetoric has been inconsistent, and he warmly greeted visiting Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in August, calling himself a  humble friend  of the United States at the time.  On Tuesday, he cautiously kept to scripted dialogue at the start of his meeting with Mattis, as he welcomed him to the Philippines and spoke warmly of ties.  I want to be (as) politically correct as possible and I want to be understood. So reading this speech will be good,  he said before reporters were escorted out of the room. Ahead of a visit by U.S. President Donald Trump to the Philippines, the U.S. envoy cited an improvement in  tone and substance  in bilateral ties over the 10 months since he s been in his post.  President Duterte has made clear that even as he pursues improved relations with countries like China and Russia, he will continue to focus on making sure that the U.S.-Philippines alliance remains strong,  Kim said. The same day that Mattis landed in the Philippines, Manila announced the end of five months of military operations in a southern city of Marawi held by pro-Islamic State rebels, after a fierce and unfamiliar urban war that marked the country s biggest security crisis in years. The rebel occupation stunned a military inexperienced in urban combat and stoked wider concerns that Islamic State loyalists have gained influence among local Muslims and have ambitions to use the island of Mindanao as a base for operations in Southeast Asia. Mattis, on his flight to the Philippines, commended Manila on the operation and on Tuesday discussed ways to deepen U.S.-Philippines military ties in talks with the Philippine defense minister.  It was a tough fight,  Mattis said during his flight, adding he thought the Philippines had sent  a very necessary message to the terrorists.  Kim said the U.S. military assistance made a  huge difference  in the battle in Marawi, particularly its intelligence support, including with the deployment of Gray Eagle and P-3 Orion aircraft.  I think all of us were surprised by the extent of infiltration by the terrorists into Marawi City,  he said.  When you encounter a situation like that, you obviously need good intelligence to be able to target key areas and I think that s where our support was quite critical.  On Monday night, Philippine military chief General Eduardo Ano said the U.S. technical support  tilted the balance  because  we had a very hard grasp of the situation in the early days  until information flowed and helped defeat the militants. The United States also provided information Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi gave $1.5 million in January for the attack on Marawi, Ano said. But even on Marawi, Duterte has also credited U.S. rival China for its assistance. Duterte said it was one of the 100 sniper rifles donated by China that fired the bullet that killed Isnilon Hapilon, Islamic State s  emir  in Southeast Asia, on Oct. 16. The ranger unit conducting the operation said the shot was fired from a heavier weapon mounted on an armored vehicle.  Philippine Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana told reporters on Tuesday about the receipt of heavy equipment from China to help rebuild Marawi, and also noted the receipt of rifles and ammunition from Beijing. He expected to receive four fast boats from China before the end of the year. The United States has for decades been the Philippines  defense treaty ally and its biggest source of hardware and training, providing about $1 billion in equipment since 2000. ",1
16502,Mattis praises Philippine army on winning fight in Marawi without rights abuse,"CLARK FREEPORT ZONE, Philippines (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday praised Filipino soldiers for defeating pro-Islamic State militants in a five-month battle in a southern Philippine city without allegations of human rights violations. The Philippines on Monday announced the end of combat operations in Marawi City after troops killed 42 remaining militants, including some foreign fighters. More than 1,100 people, including 165 troops, died in the conflict.  Here s an army that had to go in a fight like that, and they had not one human rights allegation against them with any credibility,  Mattis told reporters at the end of the two-day ASEAN Defense Ministers Meeting at a former U.S. air force base.  Not one, and when you look at how bloody awful that fight was, that s really a statement about the Philippine military that set a human rights condition in the midst of that fight the way they did so.  Mattis  praise for the military was a rare appreciation as the Philippines  human rights record under President Rodrigo Duterte has been strongly criticized by Western countries, including the United States, Canada, European Union and Australia. At the U.N. Human Rights Council meeting, these countries called on the Philippines to end killings in Duterte s fierce drug war. More than 3,900 people had been killed by the police, which claimed self-defense, in anti-drug operations since July last year. The United States provided critical tactical intelligence in the Marawi combat operation, deploying surveillance planes and drones, thermal imaging and eavesdropping equipment to help Filipino troops neutralize hundreds of militants who seized the lakeside town on May 23. Mattis exchanged views and discussed security threats in the Asia and Pacific region, like North Korea s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile program, maritime security, terrorism and non-traditional military threats. Mattis also reaffirmed Washington s  ironclad commitment  to the alliance with Manila during a meeting on Tuesday night with Duterte, where he emphasized the importance of  shared rules-based international order .  It was a very good discussion with the president and we talked about the way ahead and we re on the same team,  he told reporters. Duterte, known for his strident anti-American rhetoric, has made no secret of his plans to cultivate ties with America s rivals, Russia and China. Those efforts appear to be starting to bear fruit. Duterte on Wednesday visited one of five Russian warships as Moscow donated 5,000 assault rifles, steel helmets, ammunition and 20 army trucks and received China s defense minister later in the day. China donated heavy equipment for the cleanup of Marawi. ",1
16503,U.S. judge rejects bid to dismiss Indonesian immigrant's lawsuit,"BOSTON (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday declined to dismiss a lawsuit by an Indonesian illegal immigrant challenging his detention in a Massachusetts county jail, finding that she had authority to challenge the conditions of his confinement. Terry Rombot was part of a wave of Indonesian Christians who fled their country following deadly riots in 1998. About 70 members of that exodus have been allowed to remain, illegally, in New Hampshire since 2010 under a deal with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) authorities. However, in August, President Donald Trump instructed ICE in a directive that all immigrants in the United States illegally were subject to deportation. Rombot learned of the policy change when he arrived for an Aug. 1 check-in at ICE s Manchester, New Hampshire, office and was arrested. He was initially held in Massachusetts at the Plymouth County house of corrections, which had filed a bid to dismiss the lawsuit, and since has been moved to Bristol County. Federal courts do not have direct authority over immigration matters, which are handled by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, but Chief Judge Patti Saris of the U.S. District Court in Boston wrote in a court filing on Wednesday that she has a say over the terms of his confinement.  The district court holds jurisdiction to review habeas (corpus) challenges to unlawful immigration detention,  Saris wrote. Writs of habeas corpus challenge illegal detention. At a Friday hearing, Saris expressed concern that ICE had broken its word with Rombot after telling him in 2015 that he would  be given an opportunity to prepare for an orderly departure  before being deported. She also expressed concern he was being held alongside potentially violent criminals. Rombot is one of 47 Indonesian nationals living illegally in New Hampshire involved in a lawsuit challenging the Trump administration s move to deport them. ICE officials said the arrangement had always been a temporary one and that the agency always had discretion to deport the people covered by the arrangement. Members of the group and advocates say they fear they could face discrimination or violence if forced to return to the world s largest Muslim-majority country. The Indonesians are part of an ethnic community of about 2,000 people clustered around the city of Dover in New Hampshire s seacoast region. Their cause has drawn the support of the state s all-Democratic congressional delegation, including U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Republican Governor Chris Sununu. ",1
16504,India defends ties with North Korea in talks with Tillerson,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India s foreign minister defended the country s ties with North Korea and Iran during talks on Wednesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson aimed at building robust relations between the two giant democracies. The Trump administration has launched a new U.S. effort to deepen military and economic ties with India as a way to balance China s assertive posture across Asia.   At the talks with Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj, both sides pledged to strengthen anti-terrorism cooperation and Tillerson said Washington stood ready to provide India with advanced military technology.   The United States supports India s emergence as a leading power and will continue to contribute to Indian capabilities to provide security throughout the region,  Tillerson told a joint news conference with Swaraj.  But the talks also touched on India s diplomatic ties with North Korea, Swaraj said, at a time when the United States has stepped up efforts to isolate Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. Swaraj said she told the top U.S. diplomat that some level of diplomatic presence was necessary to keep open channels of communication.   As far as the question of embassy goes, our embassy there is very small, but there is in fact an embassy,  she said.  I told Secretary Tillerson that some of their friendly countries should maintain embassies there so that some channels of communication are kept open.  India and North Korea maintain diplomatic offices in each other s capitals, though New Delhi recently banned trade of most goods with the country, except food and medicine. Trade was minimal, Swaraj said. The focus on North Korea comes as U.S. President Donald Trump heads to China next month, where he is expected to urge President Xi Jinping to make good on his commitments to try to rein in North Korea. Tillerson, who flew in from Pakistan which he called an important U.S. ally in the restive region, also held talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is driving closer ties with the United States. But India, a former leading light of the Non-Aligned Movement and which was on the opposite side of the United States during the Cold War, still remains wary of any alliances with major powers lest it affect its autonomy. India has also maintained ties with Iran which is being targeted by the Trump administration for its alleged military support of extremist groups in the Middle East and for its ballistic missile programme. India has long sourced its oil from Iran, but in recent years the two sides have been also collaborating on key infrastructure projects.  New Delhi is pushing hard for the development of Chabahar port on the Iranian coast as a hub for its trade links to the resource-rich countries of central Asia and Afghanistan but the Trump administration s tough stance has raised new concerns over the future of that project.   But Tillerson struck a conciliatory stance on India s ties with Iran, saying it wouldn t come in the way of countries doing legitimate business there.   It is not our objective to harm the Iranian people nor is it our objective to interfere with legitimate business activities that are going on with other businesses, whether they be from Europe, India or agreements that are in place or promote economic development and activity to the benefit of our friends and allies,  he said.  America s disagreements were with the Iranian regime, and in particular the Iran Revolutionary Guard, he said.  India is especially keen on the Chabahar port as a way to bypass long-time foe Pakistan which does not allow easy trade and transit arrangements to Afghanistan and beyond. Tillerson said the U.S. stood should-to-shoulder with India in the fight against terrorism which New Delhi has long said is centered in militant groups operating from inside Pakistan.  He said militant groups were a threat to everyone in the region, including Pakistan itself.  Quite frankly my view - and I expressed this to the leadership of Pakistan - is we also are concerned about the stability and security of Pakistan s government as well.  The United States has been urging Pakistan to act against the groups that operate in Afghanistan, India and inside Pakistan itself.  Terrorist safe havens will not be tolerated,  Tillerson said. Pakistan says it is doing all it can to fight the militants.  ",1
16505,"Kurds offer to suspend independence drive, seek talks with Baghdad","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kurdish authorities in Iraq offered on Wednesday to put an independence drive on hold, stepping up efforts to resolve a crisis in relations with Baghdad via dialogue. But an Iraqi military spokesman suggested an offensive - launched to wrest back territory after Kurds voted overwhelmingly for independence in a referendum in September - would continue regardless.  The Iraqi government has transformed the balance of power in the north of the country since launching its campaign last week against the Kurds, who govern an autonomous region of three northern provinces and had held a swathe of other territory.  The fighting between the two sides will not produce a victory for any, it will take the country to total destruction,  the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said in a statement.  The KRG proposed an immediate ceasefire, a suspension of the referendum result and  starting an open dialogue with the federal government based on the Iraqi Constitution . Baghdad has always considered the Kurdish secession referendum illegal. It responded last week by seizing back the city of Kirkuk, the oil-producing areas around it and other territory that the Kurds had captured from militant group Islamic State. In a brief social media comment hinting that the campaign would continue, an Iraqi military spokesman said:  Military operations are not connected to politics.  Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the KRG should cancel the vote s outcome as a pre-condition for talks. Several Shi ite members of parliament on Wednesday asked him to stick to his position and not to accept just a freeze of the referendum. On Wednesday, Abadi began an official visit to neighboring Turkey and Iran. Turkey and Iran both have Kurdish populations of their own and have supported Baghdad taking a hard line on the referendum. Now that the Kurds have swiftly yielded most of their territory outside of their autonomous region to the advancing Iraqi forces, there are signs of pressure easing. Iran announced the reopening of one of the border crossings with the Kurdistan region, which it had closed earlier this month in support of the Iraqi government. In Ankara, President Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey was ready to give all support to Baghdad as it seeks to reopen a crude oil pipeline from the Kirkuk oilfields to Turkey. The pipeline goes through the Kurdish autonomous region. Iraq had stopped shipping oil through it when the Kurds took Kirkuk in 2014. In a statement to media after meeting Abadi, Erdogan said they discussed what political, military and economic steps they could take after what he called the  illegitimate  Iraqi Kurdish referendum last month.    Abadi has ordered his army to recapture all disputed territory and has demanded central control of Iraq s border crossings with Turkey, which are all located inside the Kurdish autonomous region. Kurdish Peshmerga forces beat back an advance by Iranian-backed pro-government paramilitaries on Tuesday in the region of Rabi a, 40 km (25 miles) south of the Fish-Khabur border area with Turkey and Syria, Kurdish officials said. Fish-Khabur is strategically vital because oil from both Kurdish and government-held parts of northern Iraq crosses via a pipeline there into Turkey, the main route out of the area for the exports that are crucial to any Kurdish independence bid. The fighting so far has taken place outside the Kurdish autonomous region, but Fish-Khabur is inside it. The fighting between the central government and the Kurds is particularly tricky for the United States which is a close ally of both sides, arming and training both the Kurds and the central government s army to fight Islamic State. U.S. Ambassador Douglas Silliman  worked with Iraqi security forces and Kurdish Peshmerga to end clashes endangering a Christian community and other civilians  north of Mosul, Washington s Baghdad embassy said on its Twitter account. The Iraqi government s advance over the past week has been achieved with comparatively little violence, with Kurds mostly withdrawing without a fight. But it caused Kurds to flee en masse from Tuz Khurmato, a multi-ethnic city south of Kirkuk where sectarian tension flared after Iraqi forces took control, humanitarian organizations said.Most of those displaced, estimated at nearly 30,000, are in need of urgent aid and staying in open shelters, officials from two international humanitarian organizations told Reuters. Abadi pledged in an interview to the Wall Street Journal to disarm Shiite militias that refuse to come under his control after Islamic State s defeat.  Iraqi forces are preparing in parallel an offensive to recapture the last patch of Iraqi territory still in the hands of Islamic State, on the border with Syria, the military said on Wednesday. The militant group also holds parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under their control is also shrinking there as they retreat in the face of two sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. ",1
16506,Iran re-opens border crossing with Iraqi Kurdistan region: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran opened a border crossing with the Kurdistan region of Iraq Wednesday after having closed it following last month s vote in favor of independence in the Kurdish area, Iranian state media reported. Iran backs the Shi ite-led central government in Baghdad in its opposition to Kurdish secession, and Iranian-backed militias assisted government forces when they seized a number of Kurdish cities last week.   The decision comes on the same day as the Kurdish Regional Government offered to put their independence drive on hold, stepping up efforts to resolve a crisis in relations with Baghdad via dialogue rather than military means.  After the referendum and changes within the Kurdistan region our borders with the Kurdistan region of Iraq were closed... today the Bashmagh border is open,  Jahangir Bakhshi, the head of customs for the border crossing, said, according to the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) news agency. The report made no mention the KRG s offer for resolving the dispute through talks. The Bashmagh border crossing is located approximately 50 kilometers (31 miles) east of the city of Sulaimaniya in Iraqi Kurdistan. Last week, Iraqi security forces took control of several cities, including the oil-rich Kirkuk, from Kurdish forces in a lightning assault. Shi ite fighters from the Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), many of whom have been armed and trained by Iran, took part in the military action. Prior to the assault, Major-General Qassem Soleimani, commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, traveled to Iraq s Kurdistan region to encourage Kurdish leaders to withdraw their forces, known as Peshmerga, from Kirkuk. Peshmerga commanders have accused Iran of orchestrating the operation, a charge Iranian officials have denied. Bakshi said on Wednesday that it was not clear when the other borders points between Iran and the Kurdistan region of Iraq would reopen. There is approximately 20 billion dollars of annual cross border trade through the Bashmagh border point Bakhshi said, according to IRIB. ",1
16507,"Nearly 30,000 Kurds displaced from city near Kirkuk: aid groups","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Nearly 30,000 Kurds have been displaced from a multi-ethnic city south of Kirkuk where sectarian tension flared after Iraqi forces took control of it, humanitarian organizations said on Wednesday. Most of those displaced from Tuz Khurmato are in need of urgent aid and staying in open shelters, officials from two international humanitarian organizations told Reuters. A third, Amnesty International, said on Tuesday that satellite images, videos, photos and dozens of testimonies indicate that hundreds of properties were looted, set on fire and destroyed in what appeared to be a targeted attack on predominantly Kurdish areas of the city of about 100,000 people. The Kurds fled after Kurdish Peshmerga fighters withdrew from the city on Oct. 16, as government forces and Iranian-backed Sh ite Popular Mobilisation moved in retaliation for an independence referendum held by the Kurdistan region authorities last month.   Tuz, located between oil-rich Kirkuk and Baghdad, is also inhabited by Sh ite Turkmen and Arabs.  Many of the people displaced are staying in the open and in public places, in schools, mosques or unfinished buildings,  Said Jennifer Connet, Oxfam s Program Manager.   They need emergency aid and also psychological support as many lost contact with children and relatives or witnessed traumatic incidents as they fled.  The official of the other organization confirmed that account but gave only as background information in order not compromise its access to the displaced people. At least 11 civilians were killed, Amnesty said, citing testimonies of people who escaped from the city who said they were attacked by Turkmen Shiite paramilitaries. Popular Mobilisation, a paramilitary force trained in Iran and supporting the Iraqi government in the region, was not involved in the violence that happened in the city, spokesman Karim Nuri told Reuters in Baghdad.   It was not forced displacement, our Kurdish brothers fled fearing reprisals,  he said, calling on government security to put an end to the unrest.  Problems happened between the different components, clans, families,  he said, refuting the political nature of the exodus.  The Kurds displaced from Tuz fled to the neighboring regions of Diyala, Sulaimaniya, and some to Erbil, further north, said Connet.  Humanitarian access to the displaced families is possible but going to Tuz is extremely difficult,  she said. ",1
16508,"Amid Brexit timetable confusion, UK aims for transition outline by early 2018","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants an outline agreement with the European Union by the end of March 2018 on the transitional arrangements that will apply temporarily after it leaves the bloc, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday. Davis was addressing confusion caused by Prime Minister Theresa May this week over the exit timetable, but he then  stumbled into a new row about when lawmakers would get to vote on a final deal. His department later issued a clarification. May is seeking a so-called implementation period of around two years after Britain s exit from the EU in March 2019, during which its access to the EU single market would stay largely unchanged while new arrangements are put in place.  I would be aiming to get certainly the outlines of it agreed, if we could, in the first quarter (of 2018) ... but it s a negotiation,  Davis told a parliamentary committee. Earlier this week May unnerved corporate executives, keen to know the trading rules they will face, by saying any transitional deal would not be agreed until the entire exit agreement was sealed, more likely towards the end of 2018. Last week EU leaders said at a summit that they would begin preparations to move into  phase two  of the Brexit negotiations in December, a step forward that would allow London to discuss its future trade relationship with the bloc. Davis said he expected to receive guidance from the EU on its approach to a transitional period by December, and that a deal allowing Britain to maintain conditions similar to the status quo would be struck quickly afterwards. However, having reassured businesses on the trade deal, Davis then angered lawmakers by suggesting the EU would push negotiations right up to the end of March 2019, meaning parliament might have to vote to approve the exit deal after Britain had already departed the bloc. Political opponents accused the government of trying to subvert democracy by not giving parliament a proper say. A spokeswoman for Davis  department later issued a clarification, saying the government was working to get the final deal agreed by October 2018 and that it intended to give lawmakers a vote before Britain left.  This morning the Secretary of State (Davis) was asked about hypothetical scenarios. (Chief EU negotiator) Michel Barnier has said he hopes to get the deal agreed by October 2018 and that is our aim as well,  the spokeswoman said.    May is already facing a rough ride in parliament on her minority government s key piece of Brexit legislation, which is on hold while ministers plow through hundreds of proposed amendments - some of which have enough support to inflict an embarrassing defeat.   This U-turn exposes another self-created shambles in government over Brexit,  Pat McFadden, an opposition lawmaker, said in a statement issued by the pro-European campaign group Open Britain.   Despite Davis s comments on the transition deal, Britain and the EU remain at odds on the overall timeline of the negotiations, which incorporate a withdrawal deal on the terms of the divorce, the transitional deal, and a future trade deal.  Britain wants to finish everything by the time it leaves in early 2019, while the EU thinks it could take until 2020 to tie up trade terms. Davis said he believed Britain would be able to seal a trade and customs arrangement by the end of the two-year exit process, adding that it was important to do so to avoid getting trapped in a protracted negotiation.  It s not a good position to get into to be still negotiating during such an arrangement,  Davis said.  If we were doing the negotiation during a period of transition, I suspect what we would get offered is a year extension and another year extension, each time paying a fee.  An EU official said on Tuesday that the EU will only negotiate on the details of a free trade deal after Britain has actually left in March 2019 because the EU s own laws do not allow it to negotiate trade agreements with its own members. Asked about this approach, Davis said a trade deal could be signed  a nanosecond  after Britain leaves, implying that he hoped for a more flexible approach from Brussels. ",1
16509,Cuban investigators say U.S. sonic attack allegations 'science fiction',"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban officials investigating U.S. complaints of attacks that sickened American diplomats in Havana said talk of acoustic strikes was  science fiction  and accused Washington of  slander  while it refused to cooperate fully with Cuba s enquiry. U.S. President Donald Trump said last week he believed Havana was responsible for 24 diplomats being harmed. Washington expelled 15 Cuban diplomats and recalled more than half the U.S. diplomatic personnel from Havana earlier in October. While Cuba denounced the expulsions as  unjustified  and accused the United States of insufficient cooperation, three Interior Ministry officials and a doctor heading the inquiry provided more details in an interview in Havana on Sunday. Cuba had deployed about 2,000 security officials and experts, from criminologists to audiologists and mathematicians, to investigate the incidents after it became aware of them in February, the investigators said. The probe has not ended but so far has failed to uncover any evidence to corroborate allegations of attacks that the United States says have caused hearing loss, dizziness, fatigue and cognitive issues for diplomatic personnel who were based on the Communist-run island.  This is slander by the United States,  said Coronel Ramiro Ramirez, responsible for the security of diplomats in Cuba. Asked to respond to the Cuban officials  assertions, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States had reminded Cuba of its obligation to ensure the safety of U.S. diplomatic personnel and was continuing its investigation of the  attacks.  Washington officials have raised the possibility that sonic weapons were used to harm the diplomats, according to U.S. media reports. However, Cuban investigators denied such weapons could even have been used by third parties without affecting the health of others or attracting attention.  It s impossible. We are talking about science fiction,  said Lieutenant Colonel Jose Alazo, an expert in the criminal investigation unit of the Interior Ministry.  From a technical point of view, that argument is unsustainable.  The investigators said the United States had supplied 14 recordings of the sound it says the victims heard during the attacks and recorded, for example, on cellphones. These, however, did not contain anything that could damage human health, they concluded. The noises included the usual suburban sounds such as traffic, footsteps and voices. They were also characterized by a deviation peak of 7 kiloHertz (kHz) in the frequency band of 3 kHz, similar to the song of a cricket. An audible sound would need to be very loud - above 80 decibels or akin to a plane s engine   to have a health impact, they said. Yet only the victims heard the noise, not their families living in the same houses, or their neighbors.   We interviewed more than 300 people in the neighborhood, we also evaluated more than 30 medically, and no one heard these things,  Alazo said. Even if the U.S. diplomats  reports of loud sounds were misleading and the source of the attacks was infra- or ultrasonic and therefore inaudible to human ears, it would be hard to explain how it could go undetected, the Cuban investigators said.  You would need a source that could be seen from a satellite, it would be enormous,  said Dr Manuel Villar, an ear, nose and throat specialist. Finally, only two or three of the alleged victims had hearing problems, according to the U.S. information provided, whereas any kind of sonic attack would cause them in everyone, Villar said.  ANTI-CUBAN MAFIA  The United States has not formally accused Cuba of carrying out attacks, but Trump s comments further damaged relations between the old Cold War foes, which have rapidly deteriorated since he took office. Canada has said several Canadians had reported similar symptoms to the U.S. diplomats but it has not taken any action against Cuba and has said Cuba had been very cooperative with the investigation. [L2N1LB25E]  There is an anti-Cuban mafia in Miami and we are victims of their dirty work that involve certain people very close to the governing circles of the United States,  Ramirez said. Anti-Castro Cuban-Americans such as Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida have guided Trump s policy on Cuba, including a partial rollback of the historic detente forged by Trump s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama. Washington insists its drawdown at its embassy was motivated by concern for the health of its diplomats.  The safety and wellbeing of American citizens is our top priority,  said Nauert. Investigators said U.S. actions did not add up with their accusations. More than 200 friends and relatives of U.S. diplomats based in Havana had asked for visas to visit them between February and July, despite the alleged attacks. The fact that the information the United States provided was late was a major obstacle to resolving the mystery, said the investigators, who declined to comment on the state of cooperation with Canada. So far, Washington had only officially reported 14 cases of alleged attacks to Cuba, compared with the 24 it had announced to the media, they said.  It will be impossible to resolve this investigation without more cooperation,  Ramirez said. ",1
16510,Italian government wins all five confidence votes on electoral law,"ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government won all five confidence votes it had called in the upper house of parliament on Wednesday on a new electoral law that looks unlikely to produce a clear-cut result at national elections due by next May. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni called the five confidence motions to get the package approved quickly despite furious opposition from the anti-system 5-Star Movement and small leftist groups. All five of the motions, on different articles of the law, garnered comfortable majorities, even though many leftist allies had deserted coalition ranks. The bill has already passed through the lower house. A sixth vote on another article, but which was not the subject of a confidence motion, also passed. A final vote on the law is scheduled for Thursday morning. The proposed voting system favors parties that form pre-election coalitions and is backed by the largest parties within Italy s main centre-left and centre-right blocs. It will penalize groups that want to go it alone, such as 5-Star. However, opinion polls indicate that the system, which is a mix of proportional representation and first-past-the-post, will not throw up an obvious winner, with the vote split three ways between the left, right and 5-Star. A YouTrend survey for AGI newsagency said on Wednesday that none of the three main groups would get  anywhere near an absolute majority of seats .  It said the only way for this to happen would be for one bloc to win more than 40 percent of the vote, adding this would trigger a landslide. At present, none of the three political groups are seen winning support of more than 33 percent.   Five-Star has denounced the reform as  an institutional coup d etat  and senators from the group closed their eyes, or put on a blindfold as they voted  no  in the Senate. Hundreds of their supporters filled a central Rome square to denounce the bill, chanting  honesty  and waving party flags.  This is a fraudulent law for people here. It ignores voting rights and instead favors amalgamations and hookups,  said Rossano Cioccolini, 56, a worker from the northern city of Milan who took a day of holiday to join the Rome rally.  The largest party in Italy, 5-Star, will not get a look in because it doesn t accept alliances,  he added. The use of multiple confidence motions first in the lower house and now in the Senate has allowed the ruling centre-left coalition to truncate discussion on the bill and sidestep dozens of secret votes that could have allowed disillusioned lawmakers to betray their camp and ambush the bill. The government says the new law is needed to harmonize the electoral system for the upper and lower houses and reduce the risk of different majorities materializing in the two chambers. Previous attempts at reform this past year have all failed. Critics say the proposed law will enable political leaders to pack electoral lists across the country with their most avid supporters, stifling internal party debate. ",1
16511,"German police raid places linked to suspected Islamist militant, seize guns","BERLIN (Reuters) - German police seized large quantities of guns and ammunition in raids on four locations in Berlin linked to a 40-year-old German man with suspected Islamist ties, the Berlin prosecutor s office said on Wednesday.  The man, a German citizen with a Turkish background, had previously been convicted of weapons violations, and frequented a mosque which was under surveillance by state security, said prosecutor spokeswoman Silke Becker. Germany was hit by several Islamist militant attacks in 2016, including one in Berlin in December in which a Tunisian man shot dead a Polish lorry driver and then killed 11 more people by driving the stolen truck into a Christmas market. Germany s domestic intelligence agency has warned of further attacks by radicalised Muslims, given growing numbers of foreign fighters returning from war zones in Syria and Iraq. [L2N1MU194] Becker said an investigation had been under way since summer, but the raids were triggered by concerns that the suspect could harm his family rather than any specific indication of a planned terrorist attack.   It became clear that the suspect could have an Islamist background and Islamist connection in the broadest sense,  she said.  The suspect was due to go before a judge on Wednesday. ",1
16512,German president tells Putin: we need to work on our relationship,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier told Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday he was unhappy about the state of relations between Moscow and Berlin and that both sides needed to work to improve it. The first visit to Russia by a German president since 2010 happened as relations remain strained over Russia s 2014 annexation of Crimea and a pro-Russian separatist uprising in eastern Ukraine, as well as German accusations of Russian meddling in its politics, something Moscow denies.        It s essential that we use this opportunity for us as presidents to continue our dialogue to try to improve our bilateral relations, the state of which we can t be happy about,  Steinmeier told Putin at the start of talks.   I m convinced that we need to resist the alienation that has grown up between our countries in recent years and to do that we need to continue the dialogue and need long-term attempts from both sides to find solutions in crises.  Steinmeier, a Social Democrat who previously served as foreign minister, has long called for increased engagement with Moscow.  His party, which will go into opposition after four years in a coalition government with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, wants a gradual easing of EU sanctions imposed on Moscow for its role in Ukraine. Steinmeier has also launched a disarmament initiative he hopes will spur Russia and the United States to embark on talks about reducing conventional weapons. Merkel, who has resisted moves to ease sanctions on Russia, is now trying to forge a three-way alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmental Greens.  A new Russia policy is unlikely to take shape until coalition negotiations begin in late November, but the Greens have generally backed a hard-line stance against Moscow for its annexation of Crimea and backing for the Syrian government. ",1
16513,"After meeting Putin, Steinmeier seeks exit from 'spiral' of bad relations","MOSCOW (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he had agreed with Russia s President Vladimir Putin that their countries needed to make efforts to improve badly frayed bilateral relations.  We are far from having normal relations,  Steinmeier told reporters after a meeting with Putin in the Kremlin.  There are open wounds still, in particular resulting from the annexation of Crimea and the conflict in eastern Ukraine that have weighed and continue to weigh on our relations.  He said that both he and Putin were realistic about the limits to what could be achieved in a single conversation and further talks were needed to  find a way out of the negative spiral  of current relations.  We are parting ways with the common goal of doing what we can to not only stabilize our relations but to improve them,  he said. ",1
16514,Italy government wins all five confidence votes on electoral law,"ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government on Wednesday won all five confidence votes it had called on a new electoral law in the upper house of parliament. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni had called the motions to get the package approved quickly, in the face of furious opposition from the anti-system 5-Star Movement and small leftist groups. A final vote on the law is scheduled for Thursday morning. ",1
16515,"U.S., Gulf nations target Yemen terrorism financing","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and six Gulf nations have targeted 13 individuals they say are al Qaeda and Islamic State militants, in an action intended to disrupt terrorism financing in Yemen, U.S. administration officials said on Wednesday. Among those targeted are the militant group s chief financial officer in Yemen and head of assassinations in that country. The action puts those named on a business blacklist, which prohibits any financial actions and freezes their bank accounts. The nations joining the United States in the sanctions were Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Bahrain, Oman, Kuwait and Qatar.  This is the largest ever multilateral designation in the Middle East,  U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in Riyadh on Wednesday.  U.S. administration officials said this is the first joint sanctions action by Washington and Gulf states. The coordination was particularly significant because of a months-long diplomatic crisis between Qatar and several Gulf states. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain severed relations with Qatar in June, accusing it of financing terrorism, meddling in the affairs of Arab countries and cozying up to their arch-rival Iran. The four countries have since added dozens of individuals and entities to a blacklist they say are associated with Qatar. One of the individuals on Wednesday s sanctions list, Abdula Wahaba al-Humayqani, and one of the entities, Rahmah Charitable, are part of that blacklist. Qatar s National Counter Terrorism Committee said in a statement it had strengthened its anti-terrorism finance laws.  Qatar is  committed to taking the necessary steps to defeat terrorism in all its forms, and will continue to work closely with the United States to impose sanctions on those who facilitate terrorist activity,  Major General Abdulaziz A. Al Ansari said in the statement. Qatar signed an agreement with the United States in July to increase cooperation on fighting terrorism finance, Qatar s counter-terrorism committee said. Peter Harrell a sanctions expert at the Center for a New American Security, said cooperation between Gulf nations and Qatar was an important step.  Qatar has had a history of not being as robust on terrorism finance,  Harrell said.  It s heartening to see Qatar do this. It signals some ability to cooperate.  ",1
16516,Wider Image: Mexico's indigenous Muslims in Maya heartland,"SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, Mexico (Reuters) - A trip to Mexico s indigenous Maya heartland showed me how a vibrant Muslim community had sprung up in this predominantly Roman Catholic country. In the southern state of Chiapas, home to a lush mountainous landscape, I photographed members of a small Muslim community made up of hundreds of mostly indigenous Tzotzil men and women, many of whom converted to Islam from Catholic or other Christian denominations. The Muslim men here are distinguished by their prayer caps, or kufis, and the women by their hijabs which take the form of traditional Maya shawls. Locals say the conversions to Islam here began in the late 1980s, around the same time Mexico s Zapatista movement was gaining traction in Chiapas, as institutions including Christianity and capitalism came under increasing criticism. According to the last census, some 83 percent of Mexicans are Catholic. And although Muslims make up less than 1 percent of Mexico s 120 million population, a disproportionate number are indigenous clustered in and around San Cristobal de las Casas, a highland city in Chiapas that mixes both Maya and Spanish identity.  People gave us a weird look when we converted, they thought we were terrorists and were scared of us,  said Mustafa, a member of the nearby Ahmadia community.  But with the passage of time and our own actions, that opinion has changed,  he added. Umar, an indigenous former evangelical pastor, converted to Islam in the late 1990s and now serves as a bridge between local Christians and Muslims.  Ours is a monotheistic religion,  he said.  But we don t worship saints.  I later met 55-year-old Mohamed Amin who invited me to his home, offering me cookies and tea. He showed me where he prays five times a day and introduced me to his family. He asked me if I believed in God and I said no. That did not appear to bother him. He went on to explain the main reason behind his conversion to Islam.  I like to be clean and change my clothes,  he said.  This is a clean religion and that s what originally drew me to it.  For a related photo essay, see: reut.rs/2izhpmh ",1
16517,Pinera holds lead in Chile's presidential race: poll,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chilean conservative presidential candidate Sebastian Pinera maintained his lead in voter preference ahead of the Nov. 19 election, and was seen beating his two closest rivals in a likely runoff, pollster CEP said on Wednesday. Pinera, a wealthy businessman and former president who governed from 2010 to 2014, was seen as stronger on crime and job creation than his seven rivals, in the latest poll. According to the poll, Pinera would win 32.8 percent of voters in the first round, up from 31.3 percent in CEP s last poll on Sept. 1. Center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier polled 13.8 percent of support, up from 14.5 percent previously, while leftist Beatriz Sanchez slipped about three percentage points to 7.0 percent. A Pinera win would please Chile s business community, which blames outgoing President Michelle Bachelet for sluggish economic growth in the world s top copper exporter.  But it would be considered a letdown for Bachelet s center-left base and a younger generation of urban Chileans, who hope for deeper changes to the country s longstanding, free-market economic model. The election is scheduled for Nov. 19, but if no candidate receives more than 50 percent of the vote, a second-round runoff between the top two candidates will be held in December. The poll of 1,424 Chileans conducted from Sept. 22 to Oct. 16 has a margin of error of three percentage points.  ",1
16518,EU lawmakers propose cuts in aid to Turkey tied to membership bid,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Parliament proposed on Wednesday to reduce EU funds to Turkey that are linked to its stalled bid to join the bloc, a call EU leaders are expected to back given a deteriorating relations with Ankara. Of the 217 million euros set to go to Turkey for reforms, infrastructure and agriculture in 2018, EU lawmakers agreed to cut up to 80 million euros. Of that, 50 million euros should be cut at first, with a further 30-million-euro reduction if Turkey does not improve its human rights record.  Turkey is not respecting freedom of speech, freedom of expression, human rights and is drifting further away from European democratic standards,  said centre-right lawmaker Siegfried Muresan, who led the budget discussions.   We cannot pretend we don t see that,  he told Reuters, emphasizing that the cuts would affect only the money earmarked for political reforms, not for infrastructure and farming. EU leaders must still sign off on the cuts but are expected to do so after an agreement at a summit last week to reduce the so-called pre-accession aid that is meant to help EU candidate countries prepare for membership. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who pressed for action on Turkey during her re-election campaign, described Turkish behavior on human rights as  unacceptable  in Brussels last Thursday. The European Parliament s decision came on the first day of the trial in Istanbul of 11 human rights activists in Turkey, including a German and a Swedish national. At the EU summit, Merkel said that the rule of law in Turkey was  moving in the wrong direction , in a reference to the large-scale purge that President Tayyip Erdogan has carried out following a failed coup attempt in July 2016. While the EU condemned the coup attempt, the scope of Erdogan s response, his detention of U.S. and European citizens including dual nationals, and his jibes at Germany  for what he has called  Nazi-like  behavior have soured EU-Turkey ties. Erdogan says the purges across society are necessary to maintain stability in a NATO country bordering Iraq and Syria. Launched in 2005 after decades of seeking the formal start of an EU membership bid, Ankara s membership negotiations were always sensitive for France and Germany because of Turkey s status as a large, mainly Muslim country. They are not officially frozen, despite calls from Austria to formally scrap Turkey s EU membership program. That is in part because the EU relies on Ankara to take in Syrian refugees in return for billions of euros of aid. But a majority of EU countries, led by Germany and the Netherlands, say it no longer makes sense to fund political reforms in Turkey when formal EU membership talks have not taken place since last year. Aside from money that the EU gives Turkey as part of its  2016 migration deal, Ankara was set to receive 4.4 billion euros from the EU between 2014 and 2020. Some EU governments want that money to go to non-governmental groups in Turkey, not to Ankara. ",1
16519,UK expecting Brexit deal in time for lawmakers to vote: PM May's spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May expects a Brexit deal to be agreed in enough time for lawmakers to vote on it before March 2019, her spokeswoman said, addressing earlier contradictory remarks from her Brexit minister.  It is our intention and full expectation that we will secure a deal in good time before we leave and that MPs (Members of Parliament) will vote on it before we leave,  the spokeswoman said. When asked, she said May had full confidence in Brexit minister David Davis.  ",1
16520,French opposition struggles to emerge from rubble of Macron victory,"PARIS (Reuters) - Battered and bruised from electoral defeat by Emmanuel Macron s centrists, France s Socialist Party is laying off most of its staff and selling its Paris base, while the centre-right Republicans limp on in search of a leader. Facing falling membership after winning just six percent of the vote in the presidential election, the centre-left party told staff on Wednesday it would have to fire most of them, days after its historic headquarters was put up for sale to raise funds. On the other side of the political divide, the conservative Republicans are leaderless and have struggled for months to decide whether to expel party members who have signed up to serve with Macron. The two parties ruled France for decades, but Macron s Republic on the Move has stolen the middle ground from under their feet.  Macron benefits from a large political space left vacant by the opposition,  said Vincent Thibault of Elabe pollsters.  He has to face very few attacks from the other parties.  Fewer lawmakers and local officials mean the Socialist Party s income has fallen to 8 million euros ($9.42 million) a year from 28 million previously. Party treasurer Jean-Francois Debat told Reuters around 60 of 97 staff would have to go.     While the Republicans are the largest opposition group in the lower house of parliament and hold a majority in the senate, they are in barely better shape. For the past five months they have struggled to stem Macron s poaching of their top officials, or to oppose economic policies that mirror their own. In the latest of several meetings on membership, the party decided in principle on Tuesday to expel Prime Minister Edouard Philippe and other ministers serving in Macron s government.     But having failed to gather enough officials at the meeting, they were forced to postpone the actual decision for a week, drawing scorn from critics.  It s grotesque,  Sebastien Lecornu, a junior minister and one of those facing expulsion, told Le Parisien daily.  They are punishing us for backing reforms that are useful to the country ... the right is committing suicide.       The far left and far right are also struggling to mount a credible opposition to 39-year-old Macron. The far-right National Front, weakened by its own divisions, has become close to inaudible. Its leader Marine Le Pen had the worst ratings on record for France 2 television s top political show last week, with only 1.7 million viewers. The far-left France Insoumise has been more vocal, and polls show it is seen as the strongest opponent. But it has struggled to get voters out on the streets against Macron s reforms and surveys show it is regarded more as a protest movement. ",1
16521,UK ministry says parliament will vote on any deal before Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Brexit ministry said on Wednesday parliament will vote on the final deal with the European Union before the country has left the bloc, clarifying an earlier statement by its minister that politicians may be denied a vote until after it has left.  Once the deal is agreed, we will meet our long-standing commitment to a vote in both Houses and we expect and intend this to be before the vote in the European Parliament and therefore before we leave,  a spokesperson for Brexit minister David Davis said in a statement.  ",1
16522,Catalan separatist leader turns down chance to talk to Spanish Senate,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan separatist leader Carles Puigdemont has turned down an invitation to address Spain s Senate on Catalonia s bid for independence on Thursday, a spokesman for the regional government said. Earlier on Wednesday, aides had indicated that Puigdemont, who is the region s president, would attend the session in Madrid.  But a spokesman for Puigdemont said later the Catalan leader would not do so because the Spanish government had already announced its intention to impose direct control on the autonomous region to counter its independence drive. ",1
16523,Kenya election board lawyer: repeat presidential election still on,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A presidential election scheduled for Thursday will take place as the Supreme Court was unable to hear a petition to delay it, said a lawyer for the election commission on Wednesday.   It means elections are on tomorrow. There is no order stopping the election,  lawyer Paul Muite told Kenyan television station Citizen TV.  ",1
16524,Kenya opposition lawyer: election is illegal due to High Court ruling,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A presidential election due to take place in Kenya on Thursday has no legitimacy because of a High Court ruling that the appointment of constituency-level electoral officers was illegal, an opposition lawyer said on Wednesday.  It would be illegal and unconstitutional for them to move ahead with the election,  lawyer James Orengo told media outside the Supreme Court, after that court said it could not hear a petition to delay the election because not enough judges were available. The High Court ruling was earlier on Wednesday, but only the Supreme Court has the power to delay elections.  ",1
16525,Kenyans entitled to rebel if vote goes ahead: Kisumu governor,"KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - The governor of Kenya s Kisumu county, an opposition stronghold, said people would be justified in rebellion if a presidential election goes ahead on Thursday, given concerns over preparations for the vote.   If the government subverts the sovereign will of the people ... then people are entitled to rebel against this government,  Anyang Nyong o told reporters on Wednesday. ",1
16526,Kenya election board head: elections will go ahead Thursday as scheduled,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s repeat presidential elections will proceed as planned on Oct. 26, said the head of the election board on Wednesday, after a tumultuous day in which a no-show by most Supreme Court judges prevented the hearing of a petition to delay the poll.   The elections as scheduled will go on tomorrow,  said Wafula Chebukati.  In cases where there will be problems (delivering materials)... the polling officer will have the right to inform us and polling can be suspended to another day.  ",1
16527,"Kenya opposition leader: supporters should boycott polls, hold prayers","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya opposition leader Raila Odinga urged supporters to boycott Thursday s repeat presidential election and persuade their friends to do the same, saying his opposition movement would be transformed into a resistance movement against the government.   From today we are transforming the NASA coalition into a resistance movement,  he told a cheering crowd of thousands of people in Uhuru Park in the capital of Nairobi. He wants new elections held within 90 days, he said.  ",1
16528,Russia frees two pro-Kiev Crimea Tatar leaders from jail,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has freed two prominent Crimean Tatar activists opposed to Moscow s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region, their lawyer said on Wednesday. Ukraine s leader thanked Turkey s president for helping broker the release. Ilmi Umerov, deputy head of the Crimean Tatars  semi-official Mejlis legislature before it was suspended by Moscow, was sentenced last month by a Russian court to two years in jail for separatism. Ahtem Chiygoz, another Crimean Tatar leader, was sentenced at the same time to eight years for stirring anti-Russian protests.  What everyone had been waiting for so long, has happened,  a defense lawyer for the Crimean Tatars, Nikolai Polozov, wrote on his Facebook page.  Two more hostages, two Ukrainian political prisoners have gained their freedom.  There was no immediate confirmation of their release from  Russian authorities. The Tatars, a mainly Muslim Turkic community that makes up about 15 percent of Crimea s population, have largely opposed Russian rule in the peninsula and say the 2014 annexation was illegal, a view supported by the West. They suffered mass deportation under Soviet dictator Josef Stalin. Nariman Dzhelyalov, a Crimean Tatar leader, told Reuters the two, Ilmi Umerov and Ahtem Chiygoz, had landed in Turkey.  This is the result of Turkey s talks with Russia with Ukraine s participation,  he told Reuters.  After Erdogan s visit to Kiev, representatives of Russian competent bodies turned up at Umerov s house in Crimea to agree the terms (of the release).  Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko thanked Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan for his role in helping free the pair. Moscow says the overwhelming majority of Crimeans voted to join Russia in a proper and fair referendum. Western governments and human rights groups had alleged the two Crimean Tatar leaders were imprisoned for speaking out against Russia s annexation of Crimea, and pressed Moscow to release them. Umerov s supporters said at the time that the two-year jail term handed to him actually amounted to a death penalty for the  elderly man who suffers from Parkinson s disease. Russian officials denied the prosecutions were politically-motivated. A U.N. human rights report said last month that Russia had committed grave human rights violations in Crimea, including its imposition of citizenship and deporting of prisoners. Moscow said it deemed those allegations  groundless .    ",1
16529,Bosnian pensioners stage street protests for pension rise,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Thousands of pensioners from across Bosnia s Bosniak-Croat Federation, most of whom live on the edge of poverty, took to the streets in Sarajevo on Wednesday to protest for a rise in pensions and better social and health care. Out of about 410,000 pensioners living in the Bosnian region, nearly two-thirds live on minimum payments of 326 Bosnian marka ($196) a month, while the average pension amounts to 370 marka compared to an average wage of 870 marka.  With five pensioners to every six employed people in the Bosnian region, the government, which has yet to come up with an overall reform plan for the pension system, is struggling to make payments on time. Some pension fund officials say the system survives on low pensions, which are the lowest in the Balkans. The pensioners, some carrying placards reading  Stop the Robbery  and  Give Us back Our Dignity , called for a 10 percent rise in payments which have not been increased since 2014.  Pensions are low, medicines expensive and we have to pay electricity, water, telephone,  said Alosman Halic from the northern town of Lukavac, who has worked for 45 years and receives 326 marka pension.   After we pay our bills, there is nothing left for us,  says his wife Isura, adding they could not survive without help from their children. Youth unemployment is high at more than 60 percent, scores of young people having left the Balkan country which was left  impoverished by the 1992-95 war and is riven by political and ethnic divisions.  On Tuesday, the Federation government adopted a new draft pension law, envisaging a 10 percent rise of pensions for some categories and five percent increase for other categories. The law now needs to be approved by the region s parliament, where the passage of laws is often blocked over political bickering.  The situation is also grave in the Serb Republic, Bosnia s other autonomous region, where the level of employed is almost equal with that of retired people. Earlier this month, the government there decided to raise the minimum pension to 360 marka.  ",1
16530,"No rest, high tempo - energetic Macron keeps Elysee agenda ticking","PARIS (Reuters) - From text messages at 2 a.m. to clockwork meetings and tight deadlines, 39-year-old Emmanuel Macron is shaking up how the French presidency is run, raising the tempo and stretching the limits of the largely youthful team around him. France s political magazines are full of snippets every week about the inner workings of Macron s Elysee, whether the comings and goings of his rescue dog Nemo or details of messages sent to the foreign minister in the dead of night. But foreign diplomats dealing with the administration also describe a different pace and style of work, saying the young president, with a background in investment banking and civil service, has injected fresh elan into the role. Half a dozen senior European envoys, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity, expressed similar views on the sharpness, energy and openness of Macron and his team, whether on specific policy discussions or wider bilateral issues. While they were quick to emphasize that former President Francois Hollande also had a strong command of the files and a ready wit, Macron s focus, personal engagement and trust in those around him has quickened the rhythm, they said.  There is undoubtedly a change in pace,  said the ambassador of one northern European country.  It s not just in terms of ambition, but actually engagement. They are very open, they want us involved, they want us there in meetings.  Another described Macron s team as bringing a level of analysis and planning to the table that is more in tune with the worlds of investment banking and finance than politics. On EU policy in particular   which Macron has made a priority, delivering big-picture speeches in Athens and at the Sorbonne   he has established a tight group of advisers and envoys around him, combining youth and experience. As well as Philippe Etienne, 61, the former French ambassador to the EU, there is 36-year-old Clement Beaune, a graduate of the elite ENA school who was part of Macron s En Marche! Movement from the beginning and is now Europe adviser. Philippe Leglise-Costa, the new representative in Brussels, and Europe minister Nathalie Loiseau are also part of the mix. The question is whether the new energy and approach of the  Macronistas    which some French media have described as exhausting to the point of collapse   can bear fruit or will prove more style than substance. Some of the early signs are positive, particularly on Europe policy. This week, EU labor ministers agreed to amend the rules on so-called  posted workers , a divisive issue Macron had pushed since taking office in May. The policy allows EU employees to work elsewhere in the bloc on terms set in their home countries, which countries like France that offer strong worker protections say lets employers get around labor laws by importing workers. The ministers agreed to shorten the period of such postings. Last month, with Elysee input, Germany s Siemens and France s Alstom agreed to merge their rail operations, creating a European champion to compete with China. The same week, France agreed to cede control of shipyard STX to Italy s Fincantieri, another sensitive move shaped by the Elysee. The area where Macron s high-tempo agenda is proving less successful so far is euro zone financial reform. The president had hoped to work with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to overhaul monetary union, including establishing a separate budget for the 19 countries that use the euro.  The results of Germany s election last month have made that more difficult, with both Merkel s likely coalition partners, the liberal FDP party and the Greens, opposed to a euro zone budget or any debt-sharing. Macron acknowledged some of those obstacles at a summit of EU leaders in Brussels last week, but said he remained committed to the budget goal, saying it would emerge eventually. ",1
16531,BBC complains to U.N. over alleged harassment by Iran of its Persian staff,"LONDON (Reuters) - The BBC said on Wednesday it had filed an urgent complaint to the United Nations after Iran began a criminal investigation into 152 BBC Persian staff and contributors, accusing them of   conspiracy against national security  in Iran and abroad. Iran has frozen the assets of BBC Persian staff, meaning they cannot inherit family assets and preventing them and their families from selling assets, such as property or cars, in Iran. All individuals on the list work, or have worked, for BBC Persian, part of the BBC World Service. A Reuters correspondent who was working for the BBC until 2015 was also on the list.  This is the latest in a sustained campaign of harassment and persecution which is designed to pressure journalists against continuing their work for the BBC,  Britain s publicly funded broadcaster said in a statement. Tony Hall, Director General of the BBC, added in the statement:  This is not just a campaign against BBC Persian staff but against fundamental human rights, and the BBC calls on the government of Iran to end this legal action immediately.  Iran accused the BBC of inciting unrest after the disputed re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009 and said its journalists were broadcasting against the national interests of the Islamic Republic. The following year it banned Iranians from contact with dozens of foreign organizations, including the BBC, which it said were seeking to topple the Islamic theocracy. The corporation said harassment had been going on since Iran s 2009 presidential election and included staff being attacked in the press and on social media with defamatory allegations.  Many staff had been subjected to fake news accusing them of sexual impropriety or sexual acts which are illegal in Iran, including those which attract the death penalty. The BBC said it had filed the complaint with David Kaye, UN Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression. BBC Persian broadcasts news in Persian to Iran and the Persian speaking world from London on TV, radio and online, reaching an estimated audience of 18 million a week.  ",1
16532,"Swiss to represent Iran, Saudi interests after rivals broke ties","ZURICH (Reuters) - Neutral Switzerland s embassies in Riyadh and Tehran have signed agreements to represent Iranian interests in Saudi Arabia and Saudi interests in Iran, the Swiss government said on Wednesday. After the Middle Eastern rivals severed relations at the beginning of January 2016, both countries agreed to Switzerland s offer of its traditional policy of good offices to  undertake a protecting power mandate on both sides , Switzerland said. The Swiss government gave its approval to the arrangement at a meeting on Wednesday, with the mandate covering consular services for both nations.  Switzerland has a long history of representing foreign interests whereby it covers partial consular services and sometimes diplomatic tasks for countries that have broken off relations, if requested by the states in question,  the government said. ",1
