id,title,text,label
2505,Trump warns 'emboldened' Iran to comply with nuclear deal,"YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump issued a veiled threat against Iran on Tuesday, warning Tehran to adhere to the terms of a nuclear deal with world powers or else face “big, big problems.” A week after certifying Iran as complying with the 2015 agreement negotiated by Democratic President Barack Obama, Trump made clear to thousands of raucous supporters that he remains extremely wary of Tehran. Trump administration officials, briefing reporters last week, said new economic sanctions against Iran were being prepared over its ballistic missile program and for contributing to regional tensions.  Trump devoted part of his speech in Youngstown, Ohio, to Iran. “If that deal doesn’t conform to what it’s supposed to conform to, it’s going to be big, big problems for them. That I can tell you. Believe me,” Trump said. “You would have thought they would have said ‘thank you United States. We really love you very much.’ Instead, they’ve become emboldened. That won’t take place much longer,” he said. Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday he would be surprised if Iran is in compliance with the nuclear deal when recertification comes up again in three months.  “We’ll talk about the subject in 90 days but I would be surprised if they were in compliance,” he told the Journal in an interview. Fresh from a rare legislative victory in Washington when the Senate voted to start a debate on repealing Obamacare, Trump called on Democrats to end their opposition to his efforts but doubted they would. “It’s time for Democrats to stop resisting. That’s their term, resist, resist. They have to do finally what’s right for the American people, but probably we’ll do it ourselves,” he said. Trump used his speech to revisit some of the themes that helped him to his improbable victory in the presidential election in November. He railed against “radical Islamic terrorists” and vowed he wanted to keep them from entering the United States after the “total devastation” he said they had caused in Europe. “We only want to admit those into our country who share our values,” Trump said. Trump came to Ohio amid a simmering feud with his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, and facing a prolonged investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election. He cast himself as an anti-establishment figure fighting entrenched special interests in Washington, a point that his wife, Melania Trump, stressed when she introduced him on stage. “Washington has fought him every step of the way, but I know my husband and he will never give up,” she said. Throughout the crowd were reminders of the campaign from chants of “drain the swamp” to “CNN sucks.” Several protesters were ejected, including a youth waving a Soviet-style flag. “Boy, he’s a young one,” Trump said. “He’s going back home to mommy. And I bet mommy voted for us.” Trump rejected criticism that he has a style as president that is not politically correct. He routinely draws criticism for his tweets. “I’d say with the exception of the late great Abraham Lincoln, I can be more presidential than any president that’s held this office,” he said. “But we have to move a little faster than that. We will never be beholden to the lobbyists or the special interests.” ",1
2506,White House domestic advisers take lead on refugee decision: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House Domestic Policy Council (DPC) is taking the lead on a decision about how many refugees to admit to the United States next year, two current and three former officials said, a move that may empower those who wish to reduce immigration. The council, which reports to U.S. President Donald Trump’s senior adviser for policy Stephen Miller, an architect of Trump’s initial travel ban, is adopting a role traditionally handled by National Security Council and State Department officials. The shift may strengthen the hand of officials who, like Trump himself, wish to cut the number of refugees resettled in the United States, against foreign policy experts who view the issue through an international humanitarian lens and say taking them in is vital to getting others to keep their borders open. The bureaucratic maneuver appears to be part of a wider Washington fight over steps that the Trump administration has taken to limit immigration to the United States. These include two Trump executive orders, both challenged in court, temporarily banning most refugees from entering as well as most visits by citizens of six Muslim-majority nations; an internal debate over the cost of resettling refugees; and a crackdown on illegal immigration. By law, the president must tell Congress before the Oct. 1 start of the fiscal year how many refugees he believes need to be resettled in the United States in the next year. It is not known how many refugees Trump will decide to admit. The DPC’s enhanced role may reflect a White House tendency to view the issue through a political prism given Trump’s focus in his 2016 election campaign on curbing immigration and its popularity with his base, the current and former officials said. “They see it as continuation of a campaign issue about keeping America safe” rather than as “a humanitarian issue about helping people who were fleeing persecution and war overseas,” said one former official who spoke on condition of anonymity. In his original Jan. 27 executive order, Trump said some people admitted as refugees “have been convicted or implicated in terrorism-related crimes” and called for tighter vetting. “Deteriorating conditions in certain countries due to war, strife, disaster, and civil unrest increase the likelihood that terrorists will use any means possible to enter,” he added.     Critics argue refugees are the most heavily vetted group to come to the United States and highly unlikely to pose a threat. The White House and State Department did not respond to requests for comment. Miller was the keynote speaker at a 2015 awards ceremony of the Center for Immigration Studies, a group which aims to limit immigration. DPC member John Zadrozny has worked for the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which seeks to lower immigration to a level that “more closely reflects past policy.” In both his travel ban executive orders, Trump has ordered the United States to accept a maximum of 50,000 refugees for permanent resettlement in the fiscal 2017 year ending Sept. 30, less than half the 110,000 President Barack Obama authorized. That would be the lowest level of refugee resettlement in the United States since fiscal 2007, when 48,282 were admitted. As of July 21, the United States had taken in 50,334 so far in fiscal 2017, according to official data. (For a graphic of U.S. refugee admissions see: tmsnrt.rs/2h0PQRC) However, it would track with the original guideline set by the Refugee Act of 1980, which capped admissions at 50,000 for fiscal 1980, 1981 and 1982 unless the president found more were justified on humanitarian or other national interest grounds. From fiscal 1983, the 50,000 cap did not apply. Proponents argue that the United States needs to take in refugees for many reasons, not least to help make the case to states such as Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon accepting hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees to keep their borders open. “There has been so much talk recently of the alleged security implications of letting refugees in, but the administration doesn’t seem fully cognizant of the national security implications of keeping refugees out,” said Rebecca Heller of the International Refugee Assistance Project, which sued to block Trump’s travel ban executive orders. “Our allies in the Middle East, on whom we depend in the partnership to defeat (the Islamic State group), rely on U.S. refugee resettlement to relieve the strain placed by refugees on their domestic infrastructure,” she added. ",1
2507,"Senate advances on healthcare, with dramatic return by McCain","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans narrowly agreed on Tuesday to open debate on a bill to end Obamacare, but the party’s seven-year effort to roll back Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law still faces significant hurdles. The Senate deadlocked 50-50 on moving forward with the healthcare debate, forcing Vice President Mike Pence to cast the tie-breaking vote. Senator John McCain, who was diagnosed this month with brain cancer and has been recovering from surgery at home in Arizona, made a dramatic return to the U.S. Capitol to cast a crucial vote in favor of proceeding. The outcome was a huge relief for President Donald Trump, who had pushed his fellow Republicans hard in recent days to live up to the party’s campaign promises to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare. Minutes after the vote, Trump called it “a big step.” But the narrow victory on a simple procedural matter raised questions about whether Republicans can muster the votes necessary to pass any of the various approaches to repeal. Moderates are worried repeal will cost millions of low-income Americans their insurance and conservatives are angry the proposed bills do not go far enough to gut Obamacare, which they consider government overreach. In a first vote of the many likely to come this week, the plan to repeal and replace Obamacare that Senate Republicans have been working on for months failed to get the 60 votes needed for approval on Tuesday night. The vote was 43 in favor and 57 against. Nine Republicans, ranging from moderates such as Susan Collins of Maine to conservatives such as Rand Paul of Kentucky, voted against the bill, which would have made deep cuts to Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor, and reduced Obamacare subsidies to lower-income people to help them defray the cost of health insurance. Earlier McCain, 80, received an ovation from his fellow senators when he entered the chamber to cast a vote to open debate. After that vote, he decried growing partisanship in the Senate and urged members to learn how “to trust each other again.” Collins and Senator Lisa Murkowski were the only Republicans to oppose the measure to open debate, and with Republicans controlling the Senate by a 52-48 majority, those were the only votes the party leadership could afford to lose. Democrats were united in opposition to the motion to proceed. Republican Senator Ron Johnson, who cast the last and deciding vote to open debate, engaged in a heated discussion with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell before casting his vote and ending the suspense. A loss on the vote to open debate on Tuesday could have been a death blow for Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare and cast doubt on Trump’s prospects to achieve any of his other top legislative agenda items, including tax reform. “We have a duty to act,” McConnell told senators before the vote, reminding Republicans they had promised to repeal Obamacare in four straight elections. “We can’t let this moment slip by.” Republicans have found it difficult to fulfill their campaign promises to repeal Obamacare, which enabled 20 million more Americans to get health insurance. Polls show Obamacare is now far more popular than the Republican alternatives. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated the Senate’s replacement bill could lead to as many as 22 million fewer Americans being insured. The health industry has watched the debate nervously, and after the vote some groups urged the Senate to reconsider its approach. America’s Essential Hospitals, a group representing safety-net hospitals, said in a statement it strongly opposed all the Republican plans and feared the big cuts in Medicaid in the bills “would jeopardize the health and financial security of millions of working people and families.” Shares in health insurer Centene Corp (CNC.N) turned sharply lower after the Senate vote. Earlier on Tuesday, the company had reported a better than expected profit as it benefits from a strong Obamacare business.     As the debate vote opened, more than two dozen protesters in the Senate chamber chanted “kill the bill” before they were removed. Senators said several approaches have been discussed, including a straight repeal of Obamacare with no replacement plan, or repealing and replacing the law while also overhauling Medicaid. Senate Republicans also could consider a shortened version of repeal, called a “skinny repeal,” which would end the mandates in Obamacare on individuals and employers to obtain or provide health insurance, and a medical device tax, a Senate aide and a lobbyist said. “Some of us want clean repeal, some of us want the Senate leadership bill, they’re both going to get a vote early on and I think that’s a fair way to do it,” Republican Senator Rand Paul said. “If either one of them fails and another one succeeds, maybe we can find something in between that actually succeeds.” Republican Senator Bob Corker said the goal was to gain enough votes to get a bill through the Senate and send it to the House of Representatives, which passed its own bill to replace Obamacare in May, for negotiations. “Everybody understands this is just a first step,” he said. Several of the Democrats opposing the motion for debate were from conservative states that backed Trump in 2016 and face tough re-election bids next year, including Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Jon Tester of Montana. “We have a good chance to beat this,” Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer told reporters after the vote. Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, praised Collins and Murkowski for taking a principled stand against the Republican move to open debate. “That wasn’t easy,” Durbin said. “That was an act of political courage on their part; I’m sure they were under tremendous pressure.” ",1
2508,Senate Armed Services chair McCain: Trump transgender decision inappropriate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Armed Forces Committee Chairman John McCain on Wednesday said President Donald Trump’s announcement barring transgender individuals from the U.S. military was “unclear” and inappropriate given an ongoing Pentagon study on the issue. “I do not believe that any new policy decision is appropriate until that study is complete and thoroughly reviewed by the Secretary of Defense, our military leadership, and the Congress,” McCain said in a statement, adding that U.S. defense officials had already decided that currently serving transgender troops could remain in the military. ",1
2509,"In Ohio, a struggle for the soul of the Democratic Party is playing out","LOWELLVILLE, Ohio (Reuters) - On a sweltering evening in a rural corner of Ohio, the struggle for the soul and identity of the Democratic Party is playing out over wine, meatballs and recriminations about Hillary Clinton’s defeat in last year’s presidential election. Joe Schiavoni, the former top Democrat in the Ohio state senate, is talking to a crowd at a fundraising event for his fledgling bid to become their next governor. He believes leaders of his party in Washington have lost touch with voters. It’s a familiar refrain among Democrats in a state that helped catapult Republican Donald Trump into the White House in November. “You can’t just talk about things and send out press releases,” says Schiavoni, a former boxer who revels in his blue collar roots. Many in the crowd, a few miles from the Rust Belt city of Youngstown, nod in vigorous agreement. Meeting voters and hearing their daily concerns is vital, he says. In Ohio, as in other politically competitive “swing” states that Democrats won in 2012 but lost in 2016, Democrats are struggling to come up with a clear message and identity to win back the voters they lost. Listening to voters is the key to moving forward, some three dozen Democratic Party members across Ohio said in interviews. But there was little consensus on how to win over those voters. Many of those interviewed said the party’s national leaders have not learned the lessons of last year’s defeat, when many voters rejected the party as too elitist and out of touch with working Americans.  David Pepper, chairman of the state party, dismissed that criticism in an interview, saying he and his team have been traveling around Ohio, talking to voters and visiting their homes. They have been especially focused on two groups: the people who voted twice for President Barack Obama and then Trump, and Democratic voters who sat out the last election. Democrats across America, as in Ohio, are desperate to win again as they look ahead to next year’s congressional elections. The stakes are high. Without a significant shift in voting patterns, the party will fail to recapture the House of Representatives and could lose more seats in the Senate, where they are already in the minority. On Monday, the national Democratic Party unveiled an economic platform they said would help U.S. families. Called “A Better Deal,” it was the first major step by the party to try to reconnect with voters since the election. The plan called for creating 10 million jobs over five years and cracking down on monopolies and big corporate mergers. “But the plan was missing a vital piece,” said Alan Melamed, a longstanding member of the Ohio Democratic Party’s executive committee and a political consultant who has worked on dozens of campaigns for more than 40 years. “We need to show we are fighting for people. The plan failed to do that.” Since Clinton’s defeat in November, Tom Perez, the head of the Democratic National Committee – the body which runs the national party – has conducted a nationwide “listening tour” to hear why so many traditionally Democratic voters defected to Trump last year. Yet when he came to Ohio, some Democrats said, he didn’t do much listening – just a lot of talking. In June, the listening tour came to Youngstown. About 75 party stalwarts paid $25 each to attend a “Pizza with Perez” event at a local pizzeria. “What I saw was a typical campaign event, with the audience doing the listening while Democratic operatives touted their positions,” said John Russo, the former co-director of the Center for Working Class Studies at Youngstown University and a political analyst. “We paid $25 to be told by Perez what he thought we were thinking.” Michael Tyler, a spokesman for Perez, disputed that account, saying Perez had done a lot of listening at the event. “Too many in Ohio and elsewhere feel politically homeless because for too long the national party focused solely on electing the president of the United States at the expense of local concerns,” Tyler said. “That’s exactly why Ohio was among the first places Tom visited when he decided to run for DNC chair.” One of the national politicians unveiling “A Better Deal” in the town of Berryville, Virginia at the northern end of the Shenandoah Valley, was Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Mention Pelosi to Democrats in Ohio and many roll their eyes. A California liberal, Pelosi is part of the problem, not the solution, they said in interviews. They view Pelosi as part of a coastal elite that does not understand the struggles of Americans in the Midwest.  Christopher Celeste, the son of former Ohio governor Dick Celeste and a major Democratic Party donor at both the state and national level, said the retention of Pelosi as a party leader earlier this year was “mindboggling.” Drew Hammill, a spokesman for Pelosi, said the Democratic leader has raised almost $570 million for Democrats since becoming part of the party leadership in 2002, and was a master legislator and strategist. “While some may find it politically advantageous to engage in a circular firing squad, Leader Pelosi isn’t in Congress on a shift. She’s on a mission to protect the Affordable Care Act,” said Hammill, referring to Obama’s healthcare reform law which Trump wants to repeal. Joyce Beatty, a congresswoman from central Ohio, also defended Pelosi. “To just blame Nancy Pelosi is not only wrong, but it’s wrong for Democrats to do it. If there has been a failure we all need to own it.” Angered by last year’s defeats up and down the ballot in Ohio, a group of political consultants circulated a memo to every member of the state party’s executive committee in December. The memo, which has not been previously reported, lambastes the party leadership for the “electoral carnage” of 2016. (Read the memo here tmsnrt.rs/2h2sTgT) Clinton lost Ohio, a key battleground, by over eight points. Only one Democratic presidential candidate in the past 40 years – Walter Mondale in 1984 – won fewer counties in Ohio than Clinton. Ohio Democrats also lost the U.S. Senate race, both Democratic nominees for the Ohio Supreme Court were defeated, and state races were lost. Ohio’s Democratic congressional delegation in Washington is at its lowest in decades and Republicans control the governor’s mansion and both the state House and Senate. “The status quo cannot stand,” the memo says. It calls for  “new messages – and more effective strategies for delivering them.” The memo does not make clear what those messages should be. A source close to the state party leadership dismissed the memo as sniping by disgruntled consultants. Pepper, the Ohio party leader, does not want to relitigate the past. “We need to go and talk to voters and win them back,” he said. ",1
2510,U.S. senators seek ban on pesticide chlorpyrifos," (This version of the July 25 story corrects paragraph 11 to show that bill calls for banning chlorpyrifos and reviewing other similar pesticides, not reviewing effects of chlorpyrifos) By Emily Flitter NEW YORK (Reuters) - A group of Democratic senators hopes to ban a pesticide the U.S. government has greenlighted for use, according to a bill unveiled on Tuesday in a challenge to Republican President Donald Trump’s push to loosen environmental regulations.  The bill, introduced by Senator Tom Udall of New Mexico, would outlaw chlorpyrifos, an agricultural insect-killer that has been found to cause brain damage in children. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency denied a petition to ban the chemical on March 29, and a federal appeals court on July 18 denied a petition by green groups to force the agency to reverse its decision and enact the ban. The bill is called the Protect Children, Farmers and Farmworkers from Nerve Agent Pesticides Act of 2017. Seven other senators are co-sponsoring it: Ben Cardin of Maryland, Kamala Harris of California, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Cory Booker of New Jersey, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Richard Durbin of Illinois and Ed Markey of Massachusetts.  Chlorpyrifos, produced by a variety of manufacturers, including a subsidiary of Dow Chemical, is listed as a neurotoxin by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. “Current regulatory safety standard for chlorpyrifos rests on five decades of experience in use, health surveillance of manufacturing workers and applicators, and more than 4,000 studies and reports examining the product in terms of health, safety and the environment,” a Dow spokesman said on Tuesday. “Authorized uses of chlorpyrifos products, when used as directed, offer wide margins of protection for human health and safety.”   The EPA considered whether to ban it for roughly a decade before Trump appointed EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, a Republican from Oklahoma, to lead the agency. In denying the petition to ban chlorpyrifos, Pruitt said the EPA had previously relied on “novel and uncertain” scientific study methods to conclude the substance was dangerous. The agency said it was still reviewing the chemical’s registration.  “EPA will continue to evaluate the potential risks posed by chlorpyrifos as part of the ongoing registration review,” said EPA spokeswoman Amy Graham. Trump and Pruitt have vowed to roll back environmental regulations they say are harming business growth in the United States.  Philip Landrigan, a pediatrician who is dean for global health at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York, said three long-term, independently funded studies showed the substance was toxic. “Chlorpyrifos has been shown beyond any shadow of a doubt to damage the brains of children, especially those of fetuses in the womb,” he said. Udall’s bill also calls for the EPA to conduct a broad review of the use of other pesticides similar to chlorpyrifos to determine which groups are most vulnerable to their harmful effects. If the review shows any people are being exposed to harmful levels of the chemicals, called organophosphates, the EPA administrator must take “appropriate regulatory action” within three months by either suspending or revoking the their registration or lowering the amount that can legally be used.  “Congress must act because Administrator Pruitt has shown that he won’t,” Udall said in a statement on Monday. ",1
2511,"Carter blasts Trump's ban on transgender, says 'social policy'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ash Carter, who was U.S. defense secretary until the end of the Obama administration in January, strongly criticized U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision on Wednesday to ban transgender individuals from serving in the U.S. military. “To choose service members on other grounds than military qualifications is social policy and has no place in our military,” Carter said in a statement, noting there were already transgender individuals serving “capably and honorably.” ",1
2512,EU warns U.S. it may respond swiftly to counter new sanctions on Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union warned on Wednesday that it was ready to act within days to counter proposed new U.S. sanctions on Russia, saying they would harm the bloc’s energy security. Sanctions legislation overwhelmingly approved by the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday has angered EU officials: they see it as breaking transatlantic unity in the West’s response to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine. Brussels also fears the new sanctions will harm European firms with connections to Russia, and oil and gas projects on which the EU is dependent. “The U.S. bill could have unintended unilateral effects that impact the EU’s energy security interests,” EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker said in a statement issued after a meeting at which European commissioners were united in their views, according to a senior EU official. “If our concerns are not taken into account sufficiently, we stand ready to act appropriately within a matter of days. ‘America First’ cannot mean that Europe’s interests come last,” he said, mentioning President Donald Trump’s guiding slogan. A EU document prepared for the commissioners, seen by Reuters, laid out the EU’s plans to seek “demonstrable reassurances” that the White House would not use the bill to target EU interests. The bloc, it says, will also prepare to use an EU regulation allowing it to defend companies against the application of extraterritorial measures by the United States. If diplomacy fails, Brussels plans to file a complaint at the World Trade Organization. “In addition, the preparation of a substantive response that would deter the U.S. from taking measures against EU companies could be considered,” it says. However, most measures taken by Brussels would require approval from all 28 EU member governments, which could expose potential differences in individual nations’ relations with Moscow and Washington. Despite changes to the U.S. bill that took into account some EU concerns, Brussels said the legislation could still hinder upkeep of the gas pipeline network in Russia that feeds into Ukraine and supplies over a quarter of EU needs. The EU says it could also hamper projects crucial to its energy diversification goals, such as the Baltic Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) project. The new sanctions target the disputed Nord Stream 2 project for a new pipeline running from Russia to Germany under the Baltic Sea. But the EU note says: “the impact would in reality be much wider.” A list prepared by the EU executive, seen by Reuters, shows eight projects including those involving oil majors Anglo-Dutch Shell, BP and Italy’s Eni that risk falling foul of the U.S. measures.  Voicing frustration at the fraying in the joint Western approach to Moscow, Juncker said “close coordination among allies” was key to ensuring that curbs on business with the Russian energy, defense and financial sectors, imposed in July 2014, are effective. EU sources said Juncker told Commissioners the risk to EU interests was collateral damage of a U.S. domestic fight between Trump and U.S. lawmakers. It was unclear how quickly the U.S. bill would reach the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. The bill amounts to a rebuke of Trump by requiring him to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow. Rejecting the legislation - which would potentially stymie his wish for improved relations with Moscow - would carry a risk that his veto could be overridden by lawmakers. European energy industry sources voiced alarm at the potentially wide-ranging damage of the new U.S. measures. “This is pretty tough,” one industry source told Reuters. “We are working with EU officials to see what safeguards can be anticipated to protect our investment and give us certainty.”  Five Western firms are partnered with Russia’s Gazprom in Nord Stream 2: German’s Wintershall [WINT.UL] and Uniper, Anglo-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, Austria’s OMV and France’s Engie.  But EU officials warn the U.S. measures would also hit plans for the LNG plant on the Gulf of Finland in which Shell is partnering with Gazprom. The EU document shows they might jeopardize Eni’s 50 percent stake in the Blue Stream pipeline from Russia to Turkey as well as the CPC pipeline, carrying Kazakh oil to the Black Sea, involving European groups BG Overseas Holdings, Shell and Eni . It further warns that BP would be forced to halt some activities with Russian energy major Rosneft. ",1
2513,"France says U.S. sanctions on Iran, Russia look illegal","PARIS (Reuters) - France’s foreign ministry on Wednesday said new U.S. sanctions against Iran, Russia and North Korea appeared at odds with international law due to their extra-territorial reach. The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday for these sanctions, which could affect European firms. The foreign ministry said in a statement that French and European laws would need to be adjusted in response and added that discussions would be necessary at European Union level because of the potential impact on European citizens and firms. ",1
2514,Factbox: How proposed new U.S. sanctions would affect Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly voted to impose new sanctions on Moscow, triggering an angry reaction from Russian officials, but analysts are playing down the impact. The sanctions, which have yet to be approved by the U.S. Senate and President Donald Trump, expand and tweak a list of existing sanctions, but cannot be viewed as a game changer, analysts said. Russian President Vladimir Putin will decide if and how Moscow will retaliate once the fresh sanctions become law. Below are highlights from the bill and analysts’ reactions:   The United States “should continue to uphold and seek unity with European and other key partners on sanctions implemented against the Russian Federation, which have been effective and instrumental in countering Russian aggression in Ukraine”. “The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit ... a report describing in detail the potential effects of expanding sanctions ... to include sovereign debt and the full range of derivative products.” The Secretary of the Treasury shall review sanctions from 2014 “to ensure that the directive prohibits the conduct by United States persons or persons within the United States of all transactions in, provision of financing for, and other dealings in new debt of longer than 14 days maturity or new equity of persons determined to be subject to the directive, their property, or their interests in property”. “The Secretary of the Treasury may determine that a person meets one or more of the criteria ... if that person is a state-owned entity operating in the railway, or metals and mining sector of the economy of the Russian Federation.” The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, shall submit a detailed report on Russia’s senior foreign political figures and oligarchs. The bill is designed “to continue to oppose the NordStream 2 pipeline given its detrimental impacts on the European Union’s energy security, gas market development in Central and Eastern Europe, and energy reforms in Ukraine”. Trump, in coordination with allies of the United States, may impose sanctions on an entity that makes an investment described in the Act or “sells, leases, or provides to the Russian Federation, for the construction of Russian energy export pipelines, goods, services, technology, information, or support ... any of which has a fair market value of $1,000,000 or more; or that, during a 12-month period, have an aggregate fair market value of $5,000,000 or more.” “With the Senate voting 92-2 and the House 419-3, it is highly unlikely that President Trump would veto the bill,” said Charles Robertson, Global Chief Economist at Renaissance Capital in London. “Long term this is really bad news. We know from Jackson-Vaneck that these kind of sanctions are hard to remove once in place. This will further stall foreign investment into Russia, negatively impacting growth and development, furthering long-term capital flight and brain drain. It will further the isolation from the West, and stagnation of the Russian economy,” said Tim Ash, a Senior Strategist at BlueBay Asset Management in London. “Most importantly for Russia, the original Senate bill with regard to Nord Stream 2 was watered down as it now requires coordination with ‘allies’ when imposing such sanctions. Moreover, the bill only gives the option for the president to introduce such sanctions, but does not require that he does so. So, overall, I expect marginal negative effect,” Ivan Tchakarov, senior economist at Citi in Moscow. “In general we think that the impact on the Russian economy should be relatively limited. Compared to 2014 when the first set of sanctions was introduced the Russian economy is in much better state to weather the measures,” said Liza Ermolenko, emerging European economist at Barclays in London. “In the U.S. sanctions bill we have not seen any direct negative implications for the rouble so far. Some tightening of the trade financing terms would not have a material negative impact on the rouble, although it may lead to a shortage of the dollar liquidity in the market and it’s not clear how well companies and banks were prepared to this,” said Alexey Pogorelov, chief economist at Credit Suisse in London. ",1
2515,Moscow warns new U.S. sanctions take ties into uncharted waters,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia warned on Wednesday that new U.S. sanctions against Moscow approved by the House of Representatives take already battered ties into uncharted waters and said it was close to taking retaliatory measures of its own. Russia was responding after the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly voted to impose new sanctions on Moscow and to force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Russia. Moscow had initially hoped that Trump would work to repair a relationship which has slumped to a post-Cold War low, but has watched with frustration as allegations that Moscow interfered with last year’s U.S. presidential election and concerns over Trump associates’ Russia ties have killed off hopes of detente. Russia flatly denies the meddling accusations.   On Wednesday, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told the Interfax news agency the latest U.S. sanctions move left no room to improve ties between Moscow and Washington in the near future and took the relationship into uncharted waters. “This is already having an extremely negative impact on the process of normalizing our relations,” Ryabkov told Interfax. U.S.-Russia relations were entering “uncharted territory in a political and diplomatic sense,” he added. Russia has repeatedly warned the United States it will retaliate against what it sees as hostile moves and Ryabkov made clear Moscow was growing tired of showing restraint. The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier this month that too many American spies operated in Russia under diplomatic cover and that it might expel some of them to retaliate over Washington’s expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats last year. That warning reflected rising frustration in Moscow over the Trump administration’s refusal to hand back two Russian diplomatic compounds which were seized at the same time as the  diplomats were sent home. Many Russian politicians believe Trump’s political opponents and Congress have successfully reduced the U.S. president’s room for maneuver on Russia to almost nil.  Ryabkov told Interfax the new sanctions bill was the “brainchild” of U.S. Congressmen who hated Russia and wanted to box in Trump.   Konstantin Kosachyov, who heads the foreign relations committee in Russia’s upper house of parliament, called on Moscow to devise a “painful” response to the U.S. move. ",1
2516,Pentagon says revising rules after Trump's transgender ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon on Wednesday said it would provide revised guidance to the U.S. military “in the near future” after President Donald Trump announced a ban on transgender individuals from serving in the U.S. military. “We will continue to work closely with the White House to address the new guidance provided by the Commander-in-Chief on transgender individuals serving the military,” said Pentagon spokesman Navy Captain Jeff Davis, referring all questions about Trump’s comments to the White House. “We will provide revised guidance to the Department in the near future.” ",1
2517,Trump transgender decision 'shocking and ignorant': advocate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to ban transgender individuals from the U.S. military amounts to a “shocking and ignorant attack on our military and on transgender troops,” a leading advocate said on Wednesday. “The President is creating a worse version of ‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.’ As we know from the sad history of that discredited policy, discrimination harms military readiness,” said Aaron Belkin, director of the Palm Center. ",1
2518,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 26) - U.S. Military, Transgender individuals","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! [0005 EDT]  - People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! [0040 EDT] - The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon! [0649 EDT] - Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad! [0713 EDT] - After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...... [0855 EDT]  - ....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... [0904 EDT] - ....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you [0908 EDT]  - President Trump Proclaims July 26, 2017, as a Day in Celebration of the 27th Anniversary of the ADA: bit.ly/2eN938t [0630 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2519,U.S. Senator Corker sees Russia sanctions bill becoming law soon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Wednesday his panel was likely to strip out language imposing sanctions against North Korea from legislation that contains sanctions against Russia and Iran. Republican Senator Bob Corker told the Washington Post in an interview that doing so would ensure the measure could pass. Corker said the bill was likely to become law “very, very soon.” ",1
2520,Republican lawmakers rally around Sessions as Trump intensifies pressure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Republican lawmakers rallied to the defense of Jeff Sessions on Tuesday as allies of the attorney general said President Donald Trump appeared to be trying to pressure him to quit by repeatedly criticizing him on Twitter and in interviews. Trump said again he was frustrated that Sessions had recused himself from the federal investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia and said he would not have appointed him had he known he would do so. He stopped short of saying whether he would fire him. Two allies of Sessions told Reuters that Trump’s public attacks went beyond a president simply venting his frustration but were part of a deliberate campaign to encourage the attorney general to step down. They said Trump was likely reluctant to fire Sessions after his sacking of FBI Director James Comey backfired and led to the appointment of an independent special counsel, Robert Mueller, whose wide-ranging probe into contacts between Trump aides and Russian officials has cast a deep shadow over Trump’s presidency.   The Kremlin says it did not interfere in the election, and Trump has denied any collusion. Asked about Sessions’ future, Trump said at a news conference on Tuesday, “Time will tell. Time will tell.” The two allies of Sessions said the attorney general, who was the first Republican senator to back Trump’s presidential campaign, has been deeply offended by the public berating from his boss, but his resolve to stay is strong. It is not clear though whether that will be possible in the long term if Sessions’ relationship with the president irretrievably breaks down.  As Trump and top White House aides stepped up their attacks on Sessions on Tuesday, Republican lawmakers, stunned by the extraordinary scene of a president lambasting a member of his own cabinet, push backed strongly. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, the top Republican in the chamber, said Sessions “is doing a fine job and made the right decision to recuse himself from the Russia matter.” Some lawmakers also expressed disquiet with Trump’s public humiliation of Sessions, who has mostly stayed silent on his boss’s criticism. “Mr. President, maybe just try a meeting? This is beneath the office - of any held office - from city councilman to POTUS,” said Republican Representative Adam Kinzinger, using the presidential acronym.  The top Democrat in the Senate, Chuck Schumer, accused Trump of trying to “bully his own attorney general out of office.” He said if Trump fired Sessions, Democrats would fight any attempt to replace him during the August congressional recess. The split between Trump and Republicans in Congress is the latest test of a strained relationship. Lawmakers have expressed frustration that the upheaval in the White House is distracting from their legislative agenda. Republicans have little to show for Trump’s first six months in office. “We’re getting nothing done,” lamented Senator John McCain on the Senate floor on Tuesday. Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday that Sessions had “taken a VERY weak position” on investigating his former opponent in the 2016 presidential election, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, over her use of a private email server. On Monday, Trump had called his attorney general “beleaguered”.  Sessions recused himself in March from the Russia  investigation after failing to disclose at his confirmation hearing that he had held meetings last year with Russia’s ambassador in Washington. In publicly attacking Sessions, Trump has torn out yet another page from the Washington rulebook - typically a president would convey his displeasure with a cabinet secretary out of the public eye. “In an administration where a lot of unexpected things have happened, this may be the most unexpected. This has risen to a level that we have never seen before,” said Douglas Heye, a former top aide to former Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor.  RIGHT-WING BACKLASH? A third Sessions’ ally said an article published by the right-wing website Breitbart on Tuesday painting Trump as “weak” for criticizing a man who is tough on immigration was significant. Breitbart’s previous chairman, Steve Bannon, is one of Trump’s closest White House advisers. “That says to Trump, ‘If you do this, if you get rid of him right now, you will have to face the wrath of the far right,” said the ally. Sessions made a name for himself for his hardline views on immigration and criminal justice. He is aligned with groups that lobby for cutting the number of legal immigrants allowed into country each year, as well as programs to ensure that employers aren’t able to hire illegal workers. As attorney general, he has vowed to crack down on the violent El Salvadorian gang Mara Salvatrucha, known as MS-13, and strip Justice Department funding from so-called sanctuary cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.  At a news conference last Thursday, Sessions said he loved his job and planned to stay in it “as long as that is appropriate.” A Justice Department official said Sessions started his day on Tuesday with his usual early morning run on the treadmill in the department’s gym. Soon afterward, he got down to work.  ",1
2521,"White House targets leakers, may restructure communications: Scaramucci","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci said on Tuesday he would probably restructure the communications operation at the White House and would fire staff if leaks did not cease. “If the leaks continue, then I’ve got to let everybody go,” he told reporters on Air Force One after Trump’s trip to Ohio.  Scaramucci said there were no immediate plans to fire anyone else following the resignation of senior assistant press secretary Michael Short earlier on Tuesday. He said he would take some time to look at the communications operation at the White House. “We will probably restructure,” he said. Both he and Trump were adamant that leaks needed to be stopped, Scaramucci said. “We’ve got a plan,” he said, without offering details. ",1
2522,German industry says vulnerable to Russia sanctions fall-out,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Plans under consideration in the U.S. Congress to impose tougher sanctions against Russia would hurt German companies, endanger Germany’s energy security and appear to be designed to favor American firms, a German industry association said on Wednesday. The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday for the plans and to force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow. They must still be approved by the Senate and signed into law by Trump. The warning issued by the German Chamber of Industry and Commerce mirrors wider European concerns over potential fall-out from the U.S. moves to punish alleged Russian interference in last year’s presidential election. The U.S. proposals could hurt German efforts to make its energy supply more reliable by preventing German companies from working with Russia on pipeline projects, said Volker Treier, the head of the Chamber’s international committee. “One is left with the sense that the United States is looking to its own economic interests,” in particular with respect to U.S. oil and gas companies, he said.  Separately, a German Foreign Ministry spokesman said on Wednesday it would be unacceptable for the United States to use possible sanctions against Russia as a tool of industrial policy and called for close coordination of proposed sanctions between the European Union and Washington. Despite tensions with Moscow over its backing for separatists in Ukraine, most of central Europe relies on Russian gas to power its economy, delivered via a laticework of pipelines that require constant maintenance and expansion. Treier called on the European Commission, the EU’s executive, to seek clarification from the United States over the eventual scope of the sanctions. Earlier on Wednesday Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said the EU was ready to act “within a matter of days” if the proposed new U.S. sanctions undermined the bloc’s energy security. It is unclear how quickly the U.S. bill will make its way to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. Trump faces allegations that he benefited from alleged meddling by Moscow in the 2016 election.  ",1
2523,"Russian economy minister : U.S. sanctions to hurt Trump, EU more than Russia: Ifx","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Draft new U.S. sanctions against Russia will hurt the powers of U.S. President Donald Trump and the European Union’s energy security more than Russia’s economy, Interfax news agency cited Russian Economy Minister Maxim Oreshkin as saying on Wednesday. Oreshkin also said the new U.S. sanctions would have no significant influence on the rouble exchange rate, the agency reported. ",1
2524,U.S. energy secretary duped into fake interview with Russian comedians,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry optimistically discussed expanding American coal exports to Ukraine and other energy matters during a lengthy phone call this month with a Russian prankster who Perry thought was Ukraine’s prime minister. Perry actually was talking with comedians known in Russia for targeting celebrities and politicians with audacious stunts, Energy Department spokeswoman Shaylyn Hynes said in a written statement. Pranksters Vladimir Krasnov and Alexei Stolyarov are sometimes called the “Jerky Boys of Russia,” after an American duo who put out recordings of their prank phone calls in the 1990s. They have made faux calls to British singer Elton John, who thought he was speaking to Russian President Vladimir Putin, and others. “These individuals are known for pranking high-level officials and celebrities, particularly those who are supportive of an agenda that is not in line with their governments. In this case, the energy security of Ukraine,” Hynes said. During the 22-minute call on July 19, Perry, whose department oversees the U.S. nuclear weapons program, discussed a range of topics in a business-like tone, including sanctions against Russia and helping Ukraine develop oil and gas. Perry said the Trump administration opposes Nord Stream 2, a Russian project to bring natural gas to Europe across the Baltic and that U.S. technology could help Ukraine develop gas. “Giving Ukraine more options with some of our technology is, I think, in everyone’s best interest with the exception of the Russians, but that’s OK,” he said. Perry also discussed the Paris climate accord and coal exports on the call.  The call, first reported by E&E news, was recorded and posted online. (bit.ly/2eMg35v) It happened about a month after Perry met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and his delegation at the Energy Department. President Donald Trump said last month that Washington plans to offer Ukraine more coal exports from the United States because the eastern European nation’s industrial sector has difficulty securing coal from separatist-held regions.  It is unclear how the United States would bring more coal to Ukraine but Perry hinted on the call that the Commerce Department was working on it.  “The coal conversation at this particular point in time is with (Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross) and I full well suspect it will go forward,” he said on the call.  News of the call came the same day the U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to impose new sanctions on Russia. ",1
2525,U.S. judge refuses to halt New York nuclear power plant subsidies,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday dismissed a lawsuit by energy companies and trade groups to stop New York Governor Andrew Cuomo from providing billions of dollars in subsidies to prop up struggling nuclear power plants in the state. U.S. District Judge Valerie Caproni in Manhattan rejected claims that federal law preempted New York and its Public Service Commission from offering credits to promote clean energy and reduce reliance on fossil-fueled or gas plants. The plaintiffs said the credits could boost electric bills for New York’s “captive ratepayers” by $7.6 billion over 12 years, and violate the “dormant” Commerce Clause by impeding Congress’ power to regulate commerce among states. But the judge said New York’s “zero-emissions credits” program was “plainly related to a matter of legitimate state concern”: the production of clean energy, and reduction of emissions from other energy that could add to global warming. “The New York program is constitutional,” Caproni wrote. “Fatal to plaintiffs’ argument is their failure to offer any cogent explanation why ZECs are preempted but other state incentives to generate clean energy - such as tax exemptions, land grants, or direct financial subsidies - are not.” Seven plaintiffs had challenged the credits, including the Coalition for Competitive Electricity, Dynegy Inc (DYN.N) and NRG Energy Inc (NRG.N). Requests for comment from their lawyers were forwarded to a spokesman for New Yorkers for Fair Energy, (www.ny4fairenergy.com/), who said there will be an appeal. The public service commission “failed ratepayers last year when it instituted a $7.6 billion bailout for uneconomic nuclear plants with almost no public input,” the spokesman said. Cuomo welcomed the decision. “At a time when the federal government has abdicated its leadership on climate change,” the decision “ensures our progress will not be blocked or rolled back by fossil fuel interests and others seeking to maintain the status quo,” Cuomo said in a statement. Audrey Zibelman, in her role as PSC chair, was the lead defendant. Nuclear generators receiving the credits and their owners, including Exelon Corp (EXC.N), also sided with the governor. Cuomo endorsed the subsidies in connection with his “Clean Energy Standard” announced last August, which required that half of New York’s electricity come from renewable energy sources such as wind and solar by 2030. The case is Coalition for Competitive Electricity et al v. Zibelman et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-08164. ",1
2526,EU's Juncker says ready to act over new U.S. sanctions on Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to act “within a matter of days” if proposed new U.S. sanctions on Russia undermined the bloc’s energy security. The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia, which could affect European firms. “The U.S. bill could have unintended unilateral effects that impact the EU’s energy security interests,” Juncker said in a statement after a meeting of European Commissioners. “This is why the Commission concluded today that if our concerns are not taken into account sufficiently, we stand ready to act appropriately within a matter of days. America first cannot mean that Europe’s interests come last.” ",1
2527,German official warns U.S. not to use sanctions for industrial policy,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany warned on Wednesday it would be unacceptable for the United States to use possible sanctions against Russia as a tool of industrial policy and called for close coordination of proposed sanctions between Europe and Washington. U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday voted overwhelmingly in favor of slapping extra sanctions on North Korea and Russia, which stands accused of meddling in the 2016 election campaign in support of the candidacy of U.S. President Donald Trump. A German foreign ministry spokesman said Berlin wanted to work with the U.S. on the sanctions, which he said would not necessarily be adopted, but “could not accept” the practice of carrying out industrial policy under the guise of sanctions. ",1
2528,"House approves new Russia sanctions, defying Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia and force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow, in a rare rebuke of the Republican president. It was unclear how quickly the bill would make its way to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. The bill still must be passed by the Senate, which is mired in debate over efforts to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system as lawmakers try to clear the decks to leave Washington for their summer recess. The sanctions bill comes as lawmakers investigate possible meddling by Russia in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by Republican Trump’s campaign. Moscow has denied it worked to influence the election in Trump’s favor, and he has denied his campaign colluded. The White House said the president had not yet decided whether he would sign the measure. Rejecting the bill - which would potentially hamper his hopes of pursuing improved relations with Moscow - would carry a risk that his veto could be overridden by lawmakers. “While the president supports tough sanctions on North Korea, Iran and Russia, the White House is reviewing the House legislation and awaits a final legislative package for the president’s desk,” said spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. House members backed the bill, which also imposes sanctions on Iran and North Korea, by a near-unanimous margin of 419-3, with strong support from Trump’s fellow Republicans as well as Democrats, despite objections from Trump, who wanted more control over the ability to impose sanctions. The Republican-controlled Senate passed an earlier version of the bill with near-unanimous support. The House added the North Korea measures after becoming frustrated with the Senate’s failure to advance a bill it passed in May. Representative Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said the three countries “are threatening vital U.S. interests and destabilizing their neighbors. It is well past time that we forcefully respond.” But the combined bill has run into objections from some senators, who are unhappy that the House added the North Korea sanctions after holding up the measure for more than a month. Senate leaders have not said when they might consider the House bill. Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he was not sure the bill would “fly through” his chamber. “The only language we agreed to was Iran and Russia. So adding North Korea on, I just don’t know how we’re going to deal with it yet,” Corker told reporters. “The better route would have been to send over what had been agreed to.” The bill had raised concerns in the European Union, where U.S. allies depend on supplies of Russian gas. But House members said the bill was tweaked to try to alleviate the worries of Europeans and the energy sector. The intense focus on Russia, involving several congressional probes and a separate investigation by a Justice Department-appointed special counsel, Robert Mueller, has overshadowed Trump’s agenda. The scrutiny has angered and frustrated the president, who calls the investigations a politically motivated witch hunt fueled by Democrats who cannot accept his upset win in last November’s election against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state. Without offering evidence, Trump lashed out on Twitter on Tuesday about “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage” his presidential campaign in order to aid Clinton. The Ukrainian embassy in Washington denied the accusations. The Senate Judiciary Committee had been set to compel Trump’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, to testify at a hearing on Wednesday, but rescinded the subpoena late on Tuesday as negotiations over his participation continued. Manafort has started turning over documents to the committee and is negotiating a date to be interviewed, the panel said in a statement. The committee is looking at a June 2016 meeting in New York with a Russian lawyer organized by Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr. Trump Jr. released emails this month that showed he welcomed the prospect of receiving damaging information at the meeting about Clinton. On Friday, the panel had asked that Manafort and Trump Jr. appear at the Wednesday hearing, but a witness list released on Tuesday evening included neither of their names.  Manafort met with Senate Intelligence Committee staff on Tuesday morning, his spokesman said. On Tuesday, Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, spent three hours with the House of Representatives intelligence panel, his second straight day on Capitol Hill answering questions about his contacts with Russians during the campaign. Kushner had a “very productive session” with the House Intelligence Committee, Democratic Representative Adam Schiff said after the meeting. Republican Representative Michael Conaway said Kushner was “straightforward and forthcoming. He wanted to answer every question that we had.” Kushner, who is now a top aide in Trump’s White House, told reporters on Monday he had no part in any Kremlin plot.. U.S. House Republicans on Tuesday rejected a legislative effort by Democrats to obtain Treasury Department documents that could show any ties between the finances of Trump, his inner circle and the Russian government. ",1
2529,Russia warns it is close to retaliating after new U.S. sanctions bill: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said it had repeatedly warned the United States it would retaliate against what it saw as hostile moves and was growing tired of showing restraint, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said, the Interfax news agency reported. Ryabkov’s comments came after the U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia and force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow. ",1
2530,Russian lawmaker says U.S. sanctions hits joint fight against terror: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Cooperation between Russia and the United States in fighting terrorism will be complicated if possible at all due to a draft U.S. sanctions bill targeting Moscow, the RIA news agency cited prominent Russian senator Franz Klintsevich as saying on Wednesday. ",1
2531,Russia's response to new U.S. sanctions must be 'painful': lawmaker,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia should prepare a “painful” response to new U.S. sanctions to be imposed on Moscow, Konstantin Kosachyov, a prominent member of the upper house of Russia’s parliament, said on his Facebook page on Wednesday. “Judging by the unanimous vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on the sanctions package against Russia, Iran and North Korea, there will be no breakthrough (in U.S.-Russian relations)... In fact, further degradation of bilateral cooperation is becoming inevitable,” Kosachyov said.  The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia and force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Moscow.  ",1
2532,U.S. treads water on cyber policy as destructive attacks mount,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Trump administration’s refusal to publicly accuse Russia and others in a wave of politically motivated hacking attacks is creating a policy vacuum that security experts fear will encourage more cyber warfare. In the past three months, hackers broke into official websites in Qatar, helping to create a regional crisis; suspected North Korean-backed hackers closed down British hospitals with ransomware; and a cyber attack that researchers attribute to Russia deleted data on thousands of computers in the Ukraine. Yet neither the United States nor the 29-member NATO military alliance have publicly blamed national governments for those attacks. President Donald Trump has also refused to accept conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. elections using cyber warfare methods to help the New York businessman win. “The White House is currently embroiled in a cyber crisis of existential proportion, and for the moment probably just wants ‘cyber’ to go away, at least as it relates to politics,” said Kenneth Geers, a security researcher who until recently lived in Ukraine and works at NATO’s think tank on cyber defense. “This will have unfortunate side effects for international cyber security.” Without calling out known perpetrators, more hacking attacks are inevitable, former officials said.  “I see no dynamics of deterrence,” said ex-White House cyber security officer Jason Healey, now at Columbia University.  The government retreat is underscored by the departure at the end of July of Chris Painter, the official responsible for coordinating U.S. diplomacy on cyber security. No replacement has been named and the future of the position in the State Department is in flux. Some of Trump’s cyber officials have publicly highlighted a strategy to focus less on building global norms and more on bilateral agreements. Trump and the Kremlin have said Russia and the United States are in discussions on creating a cyber security group. But at the big Black Hat and Def Con security conferences this week in Las Vegas the U.S. government will have an unusually light footprint. Past government speakers have included a head of the National Security Agency and senior Homeland Security officials.  A session featuring U.S. law enforcement officials discussing the purported theft by Russia of hundreds of millions of Yahoo account credentials was pulled at the last minute. A spokeswoman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation said the presentation was canceled  because the Yahoo expert slated to talk, Deputy Assistant Director Eric Sporre, had been reassigned to run the Tampa FBI office. The policy vacuum left by the United States is also affecting private security firms, which say they have grown more cautious in publicly attributing cyber attacks to nation-states lest they draw fire from the Trump administration.  Trump suggested in an April interview that the security firm CrowdStrike, which worked on investigating the election hack of the Democratic National Committee, might not be trustworthy because he was told it was controlled by a Ukrainian. It is not. Cyber policy veterans are particularly alarmed about the lack of U.S. and NATO response to the destructive attack, dubbed NotPetya, in June that struck computers worldwide but was especially harmful for Ukraine, which is in armed conflict with Russia in the east of the country. Cyber security experts, such as Jim Lewis of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a government veteran who advised former President Barack Obama, believe Russia carried out the attack. The Russian defense ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Lewis and others predicted that Trump will not publicly accuse Russia, and NATO has only said it appears to be the work of a government agency somewhere. “If you are not ringing alarm bells in an eloquent way, then I think you’re dropping the ball,” said retired CIA officer Daniel Hoffman, who worked on Russian issues. “When we fail to do enough, that just emboldens them.” ",1
2533,USTR Lighthizer: Trump challenging China's industrial policies - radio interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. trade negotiator said late on Tuesday that President Donald Trump is determined to challenge China’s use of unfair subsidies and “non-economic” industrial policy to build up export industries that are costing American jobs. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, in a rare media interview, said that the Trump administration would work to hold China’s practices to the rules of the World Trade Organization, an organization that he has criticized for being ineffective in enforcing fair trade. Speaking on the syndicated “Kevin McCullough Radio” conservative talk show, Lighthizer said there was “no question that China has an industrial policy that is designed to create jobs and wealth in China.” “Our objective is not to let that go on in an unfair way.” Lighthizer, a longtime steel industry trade lawyer who served as deputy USTR in the 1980s, said there were many examples of China’s WTO violations, including dumping of products below cost, unfair subsidies for state firms and other “non-economic” policies. “You have to take on their industrial policy one way or another,” Lighthizer said. “For example, they will develop an industry behind a closed market in China. When that industry is developed with subsidies and with protection, they’ll then let it loose on the world.” He said this has happened in steel, aluminum and other products. “If it’s unfair the president’s going to go after it.” Lighthizer’s comments come about a week after senior Trump administration officials at bilateral economic talks failed to secure any concrete commitments from their Chinese counterparts to eliminate excess steel production capacity or to further open the Chinese services industry to foreign competition. News conferences at the conclusion of the U.S.-China Comprehensive Economic Dialogue talks were canceled and there was no joint statement for the first time since the summer bilateral economic meetings were launched in 2006. China later sought to put a more positive spin on the meeting, saying the two sides had agreed to take “active and effective measures” to tackle the global steel overcapacity problem. Earlier on Tuesday, Trump said in a Wall Street Journal interview that his administration would take its time in deciding on whether to enact steel tariffs or quotas on national security grounds, saying “we don’t want to do it at this moment.” Trump added that the steel decision could come after debates in Congress on health care, taxes and infrastructure spending Regarding negotiations starting in August to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement, Lighthizer said that Trump wanted to change the 23-year-old trade pact to stop a “basic unfairness” that has allowed U.S. factories and manufacturing jobs to migrate to Mexico. Asked by radio host McCullough if Trump still wanted to scrap NAFTA, Lighthizer said: “Scrapped is too strong but the president wants very substantial changes,” Lighthizer said. ",1
2534,"In hero's return, McCain blasts Congress, tells senators to stand up to Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, recently diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer, was given a hero’s welcome on his return to the Capitol on Tuesday, but quickly seized the opportunity to blister his party and his president for partisan politics. Bruised and scarred from his recent surgery and flashing at times his characteristic self-deprecating humor, McCain spoke at length on the Senate floor, delivering a passionate rebuke of his fellow Republicans in Congress and an administration that has shown few results during Republican President Donald Trump’s first six months in office.  “We’re getting nothing done,” the 80-year-old senator lamented.  McCain made a dramatic return from his Arizona home to cast a critical vote to keep alive one of Trump’s top legislative priorities, the repeal of 2010’s Obamacare law, formally known as the Affordable Care Act. McCain entered the Senate chamber to a standing ovation, with his vote helping Republicans open a floor debate, setting the stage for them to fashion a replacement for Obamacare. After the vote, McCain took to the floor and urged his fellow Republicans to stand up to Trump, who has frequently chided the Republican-led Congress for failing to advance his agenda. “We are not the president’s subordinates. We are his equals,” he said to a smattering of applause in the chamber.  McCain, who has served in the Senate for 30 years and ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008 against Barack Obama, has frequently criticized the Trump administration, particularly on issues of foreign policy and national security.  Most of his remarks on Tuesday, however, were directed at his fellow senators. He blasted the process through which Senate Republicans crafted their healthcare legislation, shutting out Democrats and writing the bill out of public view.  McCain has repeatedly said that Democrats did little better in 2010, when Obamacare was passed, and added, “We shouldn’t do the same with ours.”         Democrats say they tried to work with Republicans in 2010 but could find no common ground. No Democrat voted in favor of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s motion to open debate on the healthcare bill on Tuesday. Two Republican senators also opposed the measure, leading to a 50-50 ballot and forcing Vice President Mike Pence to cast the tie-breaking vote. McCain said that while he voted to start the debate, he expected the Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare to fail, and received an ovation when he called on his party to work with Democrats to produce a new healthcare bill. He also accepted some responsibility for Washington’s deep partisan divide. “Sometimes, I’ve let my passion rule my reason,” he said. “Sometimes I made it harder to find common ground because of something harsh I said to a colleague.” McCain called on his fellow senators to work together and to “stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio and television and the internet. To hell with them. They don’t want anything done for the public good.” Earlier this month, after surgery to remove a blood clot above his eye, McCain was diagnosed with a primary glioblastoma, a fast-growing type of brain tumor. He has been discussing treatment options with his medical team.  As recently as Monday, he had not been expected to be present for the Senate vote. His last-minute help to open debate on one of Trump’s major priorities was laced with irony, given that two years ago, Trump famously derided McCain’s military service and his capture during the Vietnam War.  A Navy officer, McCain spent almost six years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam and was tortured repeatedly. In 2015, in the early weeks of his presidential campaign, Trump was dismissive of McCain’s ordeal, saying he was not a true war hero.  “He was a war hero because he was captured,” Trump said then. “I like people who weren’t captured.” At the time, many thought Trump’s remarks might sink his fledgling campaign, but instead they became part of a pattern of attention-getting statements that helped propel him to the presidency.  Trump was more gracious on Tuesday after the news of McCain’s return to the Senate became public. “So great that John McCain is coming back to vote,” Trump tweeted. “Brave – American hero.” McCain said that he will remain in Washington for a few days before returning to Arizona for treatment. ",1
2535,Texas Senate votes to curb transgender access to public bathrooms,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled Texas Senate gave preliminary approval on Tuesday to a bill that restricts bathroom access for transgender people, endorsing a piece of legislation denounced by civil liberties advocates as discriminatory. Final Senate adoption of the bill was possible later on Tuesday or Wednesday. The measure would then be sent to the state House of Representatives, where passage during a 30-day special legislative session that ends in mid-August is less certain despite a Republican majority in that body as well. The preliminary vote in the Senate was 21-10, with one Democrat crossing the aisle to vote with the Republican majority in favor of the measure, Senate Bill 3. Enactment in Texas, the most-populous Republican-dominated state, could give momentum in other socially conservative states for additional action on an issue that has become a flashpoint in the U.S. culture wars. The Texas measure requires that all restrooms, showers and locker rooms in public schools and other state and local government facilities “must be designated for and used only by persons of the same sex as stated on a person’s birth certificate,” as opposed to their gender identity. The measure also would overturn local ordinances affirming transgender bathroom rights in such cities as Austin, San Antonio and Dallas.  Supporters, including Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a staunch social conservative, have said the proposed bathroom restrictions promote public safety and protect vulnerable women and children. Momentum for so-called bathroom bills stalled earlier this year when a similar law in North Carolina was partially repealed in March. The original law prompted boycotts by a number of athletic organizations and businesses that were estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars. Opponents in Texas warned of a similar backlash. “The state of Texas cannot afford discriminatory acts,” Democratic Senator Borris Miles said during debate on the bill. The bill’s sponsor, Republican Senator Lois Kolkhorst, said there was no solid evidence showing that enacting the bill would hurt the state’s economy. “Perhaps we will find that this one bill will lead to more economic activity,” she said. Business leaders, socially progressive clergy and police chiefs of several major Texas cities have called on lawmakers to halt the bathroom bill, saying it does not protect the public. Civil rights groups said there were already laws on the books protecting people from sexual assaults and voyeurism, and that enactment of SB 3 would further endanger transgender people, who are more prone to be victims of violence. The Texas Senate previously passed a bathroom bill during the regular legislative session that ended in May, but the measure died in the House, under pressure from pro-business Republicans. Texas House Speaker Joe Straus, a moderate Republican who steers that chamber’s agenda, has said such measures are unnecessary and raise worries of economic harm. ",1
2536,Trump says would be surprised if Iran compliant with nuclear deal: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he would be surprised if Iran is in compliance with a nuclear deal when recertification comes up again in three months, according to an interview with the Wall Street Journal. “We’ll talk about the subject in 90 days but I would be surprised if they were in compliance,” he told the Journal. The president must certify to Congress every three months that Iran is complying with the 2015 nuclear deal.  ",1
2537,Senate judiciary panel says Manafort has started providing documents,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Manafort, who served as Donald Trump’s campaign manager for several months last year, has started providing documents to the Senate Judiciary Committee in its investigation into possible Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, the head of the panel said on Tuesday. “Faced with issuance of a subpoena, we are happy that Mr. Manafort has started producing documents to the Committee and we have agreed to continue negotiating over a transcribed interview,” Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, chairman of the panel, said in a statement. ",1
2538,White House says it is reviewing House bill on Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said it was reviewing a bill passed on Tuesday by the U.S. House of Representatives imposing new sanctions on Russia, North Korea and Iran. “While the President supports tough sanctions on North Korea, Iran and Russia, the White House is reviewing the House legislation and awaits a final legislative package for the President’s desk,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement.  ",1
2539,Republican senator recorded criticizing Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Susan Collins on Tuesday was recorded making critical comments about the Trump administration’s understanding of the legislative process during a Senate subcommittee hearing. Collins discussed Republican President Donald Trump and the federal budget with Democratic Senator Jack Reed at the end of a Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies subcommittee hearing, according to a tape obtained by the Washington Post. On the recording, Collins suggests the Office of Management and Budget is being capricious in its approach to reducing spending. “No thinking about it, no metrics, no nothing. It’s just incredibly irresponsible,” Collins said, according to a Post report and accompanying audio. “I think — I think he’s crazy,” Reed replied in an apparent reference to Trump. “I don’t think he knows there is a BCA (Budget Control Act) or anything,” Collins later said, apparently referring to the president and a 2011 budget law. Collins spokeswoman Annie Clark told Reuters that Collins is worried about the elimination of funding for transportation and housing programs in Trump’s budget. Reed spokesman Chip Unruh said the senator was “letting Senator Collins know he’s in her corner.” “He has said it publicly and privately: The Trump Administration is behaving erratically and irresponsibly,” Unruh said in an email to Reuters. Later in the recording, Collins also responds to a Republican representative, Blake Farenthold, who said recently that he wished he could to challenge her to a duel over her healthcare bill opposition. Collins was one of just two Senate Republicans on Tuesday who voted against beginning debate on a bill to replace Obamacare. “Did you see the picture of him in his pajamas next to this Playboy bunny?” Collins asked Reed, saying that Farenthold was “huge,” and referencing a 2010 picture of Farenthold that made the rounds on Twitter. Collins said in a statement that “neither weapons nor inappropriate words” were the right way to resolve legislative disputes. “I received a handwritten apology from Rep. Farenthold late this morning. I accept his apology, and I offer him mine,” she said. ",1
2540,Impact of firing Sessions could be troublesome for Trump,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump could trigger a political and legal backlash if he escalates his attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions into an attempted purge of U.S. law enforcement officials, lawmakers and legal experts said on Tuesday. In lashing out against an investigation of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Russia, Trump is slamming Sessions, prompting speculation that the president wants to oust the attorney general.[nL1N1KG11O] If Robert Mueller, the special counsel running the Russia investigation, is Trump’s ultimate target and he moves to fire Mueller, a legal and political showdown could ensue. Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, told CNN on Tuesday that he expected fellow lawmakers would not tolerate any effort by Trump to replace Sessions with a loyalist, especially if it appeared aimed at undermining Mueller’s investigation. “The senators are going to be very skeptical about this,” said King, who normally votes with Democrats. “My expectation is you’d see a special prosecutor pass by veto-proof majorities in both houses. And the investigation would continue.” Trump, who dismissed James Comey as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as it was looking into possible Russian connections, was asked about Sessions at a news conference on Tuesday and said, “Time will tell. Time will tell.” These remarks followed Twitter messages by Trump in which he described Sessions as “weak” and “beleaguered.” Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell told reporters in a Capitol hallway on Tuesday that Sessions is “doing a fine job.” Republican Richard Shelby told reporters Sessions, formerly his fellow senator from Alabama, is “not the president’s lawyer; he is the attorney general of the United States.” Here are basics on the law covering dismissal of Justice Department officials, including Mueller, who was appointed by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein because Sessions is recused from matters dealing with the Russia investigation. On what grounds could Mueller be fired? Justice Department regulations say a special counsel can only be removed for “misconduct, dereliction of duty, incapacity, conflict of interest, or for any other good cause.” Do Trump’s claims that Mueller is on a “witch hunt” and that he is conflicted constitute “good cause?”   Probably not. No court has ever interpreted the meaning of “good cause” in this context. But Mueller has a sterling reputation and there is no indication he has exceeded the scope of his mandate, said Andrew Wright, former associate counsel in the Obama White House and professor at Savannah Law School. Campaign donations from members of Mueller’s team to Democrats do not pose a conflict of interest, Wright said. Could Trump directly fire Mueller?     Probably not. Department of Justice rules say the special counsel can only be fired by the attorney general or the acting attorney general. Trump has criticized Rosenstein for appointing Mueller and due to Session’s recusal, Rosenstein has sole authority to fire Mueller. But a few constitutional lawyers have said that Trump might be able to lawfully fire Mueller directly. Saikrishna Prakash of the University of Virginia Law School said the special counsel regulations may interfere with the president’s broad power under the Constitution to remove executive branch officials. “I don’t know if that regulation is constitutional,” he said. If Trump fires Sessions or Sessions quits, could Trump handpick an attorney general who would fire Mueller? Normally, the president nominates an attorney general who must win Senate confirmation. If Trump followed this course, the Senate would likely press any nominee on his or her intentions on terminating Mueller, Prakash said.  “The Senate is going to want promises that this person will be independent of the White House and not be a toady,” he said.  How else could Trump name an attorney general who he believes would fire Mueller? Under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Trump could appoint an interim attorney general, but only someone previously confirmed by the Senate. The law can only be invoked to replace officials who die, resign or are “otherwise unable” to do their job. If Trump invoked the Federal Vacancies Reform Act to replace Sessions, a court may rule that Trump overstepped, Josh Chafetz, a professor of constitutional law at Cornell Law School, said. What about a recess appointment?  Trump could try replacing Sessions while the Senate is on summer recess, expected to begin Aug. 11. The constitution grants the president such authority, said Stephen Vladeck, constitutional law professor at the University of Texas School of Law.      The Supreme Court ruled in 2014 the president cannot make a recess appointment during recesses of less than 10 days. The Senate calendar is controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans.      Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that Democrats would use every tool at their disposal to block a recess appointment of a Sessions replacement. If Mueller were fired, could he mount a court challenge? Unclear. Vladeck said the special counsel regulations do not address this question. If he brought a lawsuit, Mueller likely would argue the rules would be pointless if there was no way to enforce them, Vladeck said. ",1
2541,Senate panel rescinds subpoena for Trump's ex-campaign head: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel has rescinded a subpoena that would have forced Paul Manafort, a former campaign manager of President Donald Trump, to appear at a hearing on Wednesday as part of its probe into Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election. Manafort is going to “continue discussions” with Senate investigators, a source familiar with the issue told Reuters. Another source said the subpoena was rescinded because the Senate Judiciary Committee was still negotiating with Manafort on document production and a later appearance. ",1
2542,House votes to kill consumer lawsuit rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday voted overwhelmingly to erase a new rule that lets bank and credit-card customers band together in lawsuits, as the agency that drafted the measure, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, moves closer to the center stage of congressional politics. The Republican-led House voted 231 to 190 along strict party lines to kill the rule barring financial institutions from forcing customers to agree to take future disputes to arbitration, instead of the courts, as a condition of opening accounts. It now goes to the Senate. Under the Congressional Review Act, both chambers can vote to repeal a new rule with simple majorities.  The Republican majority in the Senate is slimmer. If the party loses just three lawmakers the CFPB rule, finalized 15 days ago, will survive. Also, the Senate calendar is currently full with healthcare and tax reform, and lawmakers may not get around to voting on the rule. Republicans say “mandatory arbitration” works quickly to garner individuals substantial awards, while group lawsuits benefit only the attorneys who file them. Democrats contend the contract clauses rob customers of constitutional rights. Because companies hire the arbitrators and proceedings are secret, they also say the process is rigged against consumers. The Senate is being pressured on both sides by major interest groups, including the pro-business Chamber of Commerce and the workers’ rights group the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations. Much of the fight, though, is about the CFPB itself, which is appealing a legal decision that its structure is unconstitutional. Now that Republicans control Congress and the White House the six-year-old agency’s future is in doubt. President Donald Trump’s administration has argued against the CFPB in court, the House has approved legislation radically overhauling it, and the acting comptroller of the currency has attacked the arbitration rule. Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo helped author the resolution to kill the new rule. Meanwhile, Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, held a news conference on Tuesday rallying supporters to protect it.  Warren originally came up with the idea of an agency to shield individuals from predatory lending and help prevent the type of devastation average people experienced during the 2007-09 financial crisis.  During Tuesday’s fiery floor debate, Republicans lambasted the CFPB for having a single director who both writes and enforces rules and for dictating how businesses and customers interact. Democrats cited how the agency has returned billions of dollars to wronged consumers. ",1
2543,Sessions sets limits on U.S. federal funding for sanctuary cities,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday released a memo restricting Justice Department grants from going to so-called sanctuary cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration agents.  The announcement came as Sessions is beset by criticism from President Donald Trump. Conservatives who are proponents of Sessions’ hardline immigration policies have defended him.  ,1
2544,Trump says Yellen and Cohn possible Fed chair picks: WSJ,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump named on Tuesday two possible candidates to run the Federal Reserve over the next few years: current Fed Chair Janet Yellen and Trump’s economic adviser Gary Cohn, according to an interview with The Wall Street Journal.  Yellen, whose four-year term expires in February, “is in the running, absolutely,” to be renominated, Trump was quoted as saying. In addition, Cohn, a former Goldman Sachs president who is now director of the National Economic Council, “certainly would be in the mix,” he said. Trump said he probably would make the announcement at the end of the year, the paper reported. He was also quoted saying that there are ""two or three"" other contenders, though he declined to name them. on.wsj.com/2h0HcTb Any Fed nominee would need Senate confirmation. Trump’s comments could sharpen speculation over who will take the helm of the world’s most influential central bank, which is leading a global shift toward tighter monetary policy. Earlier this month, Politico reported that Yellen was increasingly unlikely to serve another term, while Cohn was the top candidate. Cohn, a Democrat who is managing the White House’s search for candidates, did not work on Trump’s campaign and only got to know him after the November election. “I’ve gained great respect for Gary working with him,” the paper quoted Trump as saying on Tuesday.  Yellen took over from Ben Bernanke as Fed chair in February 2014 with the U.S. economic recovery from the 2008 financial crisis still on shaky ground. As unemployment has since fallen, she has overseen four interest rate hikes and aims for at least one more before the end of this year.  “I like her. I like her demeanor. I think she’s done a good job,” Trump was quoted as saying. “I’d like to see rates stay low. She’s historically been a low-interest-rate person.”  During last year’s presidential election campaign, Trump had accused the Fed of keeping rates low to help President Barack Obama, saying the Fed had created a “false economy” and that rates should change. In an April interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump did not rule out a second term for Yellen.  ",1
2545,House votes overwhelmingly to approve new Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Tuesday to slap new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea, despite President Donald Trump’s objections to the legislation. As voting continued, House members backed the measure by a margin of 388-2, with strong support from Trump’s fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. It must pass the Senate before it can be sent to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. Senate leaders have not said when they might consider the House bill. The White House said the president had not yet decided whether he would sign the measure.  ",1
2546,California governor signs climate policy extension into law,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown signed into law on Tuesday a package of bills intended to use market forces to cut greenhouse gas emissions, extending by a decade the state’s signature plan to combat climate change. The legislation puts California at the forefront of plans by mostly Democratic governors to reduce carbon emissions and adhere to the goals of the Paris climate change accord after Republican President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the pact. “California is leading the world in dealing with a principal existential threat that humanity faces,” Brown said at a  signing ceremony in San Francisco. “We are a nation-state in a globalizing world and we’re having an impact and you’re here witnessing one of the key milestones in turning around this carbonized world into a decarbonized, sustainable future,” he said. Both houses of California’s Democratic-controlled legislature passed the bills on July 17. Opponents had said they represented a “regressive” tax that would not affect climate change. California’s cap-and-trade program sets a state limit on emissions of greenhouse gases and lets companies, such as factories and refineries, buy and sell permits to emit carbon dioxide. The system uses market forces to find the most efficient ways to cut pollution, supporters say. The legislation extends the program, which was set to expire in three years, through 2030. But it also seeks to strengthen the program by cutting the number of free carbon allowances and requiring that offsets be sourced from California, not elsewhere. Large industrial facilities will also be required to upgrade old equipment with cleaner, more modern technology by 2023. Despite holding a supermajority, Democrats failed in previous attempts to pass new cap-and-trade legislation over opposition from more liberal members of the party who felt it did not go far enough and moderates concerned about the impact on business. Republicans were largely united in opposing the legislation, saying it placed unfair burdens on consumers and employers, especially on top of a 12-cents-a-gallon gasoline tax hike passed by state lawmakers earlier this year. ",1
2547,Schumer says Senate Democrats will not block votes on healthcare amendments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Democrats will not block efforts by Republicans to vote on Tuesday night on amendments to a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. “We’ll have to see what they propose, but we don’t mind having a few votes tonight,” Schumer told reporters after the Senate voted with no Democratic support to open debate on healthcare reform.    ",1
2548,"House panel wants Google, Facebook, AT&T CEOs to testify on internet rules","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee on Tuesday asked chief executives from companies representing the two sides of the net neutrality debate, including Alphabet, Facebook, AT&T and Verizon, to testify at a Sept. 7 hearing. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is considering tossing out 2015 Obama administration net neutrality rules that reclassified internet service like a public utility. The current rules bar providers from blocking or slowing websites, or allowing websites to pay for “fast lanes” over competitors.  Internet providers and major tech companies have been sharply divided over the rules. Many internet providers want Congress to step in and write permanent rules, while websites say the Obama era rules are critical to preserving the open internet. The outcome of the debate could have a major impact on the future of the internet economy and potentially profits of the companies involved. Other chief executives asked to testify include the heads of Comcast Corp, Netflix Inc and Charter Communications Inc. Several companies said they were reviewing the letter but none immediately said if they will testify. Comcast said it welcomed the hearing and “believes the best way to stop the regulatory ping-pong on this important issue is for Congress to enact bipartisan legislation.” “A strong consensus is forming across party lines and across industries that it’s time for Congress to call a halt on the back-and-forth and set clear net neutrality ground rules for the internet,” said Representative Greg Walden, a Republican, who chairs the committee. “The time has come to get everyone to the table and get this figured out.” Democrats on the committee want Republicans to invite small businesses and consumers, not just the CEOs from some of the “largest corporations in the world with a combined market capitalization of nearly $2.5 trillion,” said a statement from Energy and Commerce Committee Ranking Member Frank Pallone, Jr. and Communications and Technology Subcommittee Ranking Member Mike Doyle, both Democrats. Democrats have so far refused to work with Republicans on internet legislation. A group representing major technology firms last week urged the FCC to abandon plans to rescind the rules barring internet service providers from hindering consumer access to web content or offering paid “fast lanes.” Major internet service have urged the FCC, however, to reverse the rules, even as they vowed not to hinder internet access. In May, the FCC voted 2-1 to advance Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai’s plan to withdraw the former Obama administration’s order reclassifying internet service providers as if they were utilities. The FCC is considering whether it has the authority to limit internet providers’ ability to block, throttle or offer “paid prioritization,” and, if so, whether it should keep any regulations in place. More than 12 million public comments have been filed on the proposal. The Internet Association, a group representing Facebook, Google, Microsoft Corp and Twitter Inc, said last week it was “open to alternative legal bases for the rules, either via legislative action codifying the existing net neutrality rules or via sound legal theories offered by the commission.” ",1
2549,Trump says he's 'very disappointed in Jeff Sessions': WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he was disappointed in Attorney General Jeff Sessions but he declined to say if he would fire him, according to the Wall Street Journal. “I’m very disappointed in Jeff Sessions,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview. Trump also downplayed the importance of Sessions’ early endorsement of him during the 2016 presidential campaign. “It’s not like a great loyal thing about the endorsement,” he said.     ",1
2550,"Trump slams Sessions as not tough enough, assails intel leaks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump criticized his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, as not being tough enough on Tuesday, adding to speculation his longtime supporter might be on the way out, and accused American intelligence agencies of high-level leaks. “I want the attorney general to be much tougher,” Trump said at a news conference. “I want the leaks from intelligence agencies, which are leaking like rarely have they ever leaked before, at a very important level. These are intelligence agencies we cannot have that happen.” Asked about Sessions’ future, Trump said: “Time will tell. Time will tell.” ",1
2551,Senator McConnell says hopes to finish healthcare bill by end of week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he hoped to finish work on a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare by the end of this week. “This is just the beginning, we’re not out here to spike the football,” McConnell told reporters after the Senate voted to open debate on healthcare. “This is a long way, but we’ll finish at the end of the week,” he said. ",1
2552,Effort to repeal/replace Obamacare clears first Senate hurdle,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday voted to begin formal debate of healthcare legislation that would repeal major elements of Obamacare and possibly replace it with a less costly program. By a vote of 51-50, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking a tie, the Republican effort cleared an important procedural hurdle in the Senate, but it was still unclear whether there would eventually be enough votes to pass a bill. ",1
2553,Trump administration moves closer to undoing overtime pay rule,"(Reuters) - The Trump administration on Tuesday pushed forward with its bid to undo an Obama administration rule to extend mandatory overtime pay to 4.2 million workers and said it was considering treating workers differently based on location and industry. The rule, which was supposed to take effect in December 2016 but was blocked by a federal judge, is a top target for business groups that say it would force employers to convert many salaried employees into hourly workers.  The U.S. Department of Labor on Tuesday called for public comments on the rule, which is the first step in revoking or revising it. The rule would have doubled to $47,000 the maximum salary a worker can earn and still be eligible for mandatory overtime pay under federal wage law. A group of 21 states and business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce challenged the rule in a lawsuit filed last year.  The Labor Department appealed the judge’s decision temporarily blocking the rule to a New Orleans-based U.S. appeals court weeks before President Donald Trump took office in January. Earlier this month, the department defended its power to base overtime eligibility on workers’ salaries in a brief submitted to the court. But the agency made clear that it did not agree with the threshold set by the Obama administration. On Tuesday, the department said in light of the pending appeal, it decided to issue a request for comments rather than skip immediately to rescinding or revising the rule. The agency asked for input on whether the current threshold of $23,660 set in 2004 should be updated for inflation, and whether there should be multiple levels based on region, employer size, industry or other factors.  Workers’ rights groups criticized the Trump administration for moving to change the rule, with some noting that the Obama administration reviewed 300,000 comments before setting the salary threshold at $47,000. “Working people should not have to wait another day for government to be on their side,” Christine Owens, executive director of the union-backed National Employment Law Project, said in a statement on Tuesday. The department also asked employers to explain how they prepared for the rule to take effect and whether it has had an outsize impact on small businesses and particular industries. The department said it was considering eliminating the salary threshold, leaving overtime eligibility to be based on workers’ job duties.  ",1
2554,Republicans block Democrats' bid to see Treasury files on Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republicans on Tuesday shot down a legislative effort by Democrats to obtain Treasury Department documents that could show any ties between the finances of President Donald Trump, his inner circle and the Russian government. The bill was rejected amid intense sparring with Democrats openly wondering whether or not Trump, a Republican, is compromised by a foreign power and Republicans dismissing it as a political stunt. Representative Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chair of the  House Financial Services Committee that rejected the proposal, said the panel would not be spending any time exploring Trump’s financial network. Hensarling cited open investigations by congressional committees and a special counsel into conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 election campaign to help New York businessman Trump win. Moscow has denied any meddling and Trump has denied and collusion between his campaign and Russian officials. The bill, known as a “resolution of inquiry,” is a rarely used legislative tool that allows Congress to formally request certain documents from the executive branch. But following Tuesday’s voice vote in the committee, the bill is not expected to receive consideration by the full House of Representatives.  Specifically, the bill sought documents that may have been unearthed by the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network that could show any ties between Trump’s finances and Russia. Democrats on the committee have been trying for months to obtain financial records tied to Trump. In particular, they have pressed for information involving his business dealings with foreign banks, and any potential connection to Moscow. “Clearly we have something afoot in this country that leads right to the top,” said Representative Earl Perlmutter, a Democrat. “We need to make sure that this nation isn’t under the thumb of another nation because of financial leverage or whatever it might be.” The resolution asked for any records of loans or credit from a number of banks to Trump, and 22 of his closest associates, including family members and top White House and campaign advisers. The banks include Deutsche Bank AG and Russian lenders Sberbank and Gazprombank. Hensarling chided Representative Maxine Waters, the top Democrat on the panel who has called for the president’s impeachment, for pushing the bill. He said it was “frankly and regrettably, a procedural tool that is blatantly political of nature and one that I do not necessarily consider to be worthy of debate.” ",1
2555,Kushner interviewed by House intelligence panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jared Kushner, adviser and son-in-law to President Donald Trump, was questioned for nearly three hours on Tuesday by members of a House of Representatives intelligence panel investigating possible ties between Russia and the Trump campaign. “I found him to be straightforward and forthcoming. He wanted to answer every question that we had,” Republican Representative Mike Conaway said. Democratic Representative Adam Schiff said Kushner and his lawyer were receptive to coming back for additional questioning. “It was a very productive session,” Schiff said. ",1
2556,"Trump, without evidence, cites Ukraine ties to ex-rival Clinton","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday blasted the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. election and raised questions, without offering evidence, about Ukrainian   support for his Democratic presidential rival, Hillary Clinton. In a pair of early morning tweets, Trump also said U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions had “taken a very weak position” toward the Democratic presidential nominee and cited “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton’.” Trump did not elaborate or offer evidence about any role Ukraine may have played in the 2016 election. The Republican president’s first six months in office have been shadowed by investigations into possible Russian interference in the election and possible ties between his campaign and Moscow. The Ukrainian president’s spokesman did not respond immediately to a request for comment. The Ukrainian Embassy in Washington denied Kiev had tried to influence the U.S. election. “We stand by our words that the government of Ukraine didn’t help any candidate in (the) election. Ukraine is proud of bipartisan support in the U.S.,” the embassy posted on Twitter. Ukraine’s permanent representative to the Council of Europe, Dmytro Kuleba, said on Twitter: “Trump writes that we interfered in the elections in the USA, while Putin says that we threaten Russia. There was a time when we were peaceful buckwheat sowers who kept themselves to themselves.” The U.S. intelligence community determined that Russia attempted to interfere in the White House race. Moscow has denied it and Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia. The allegations are being investigated by U.S. congressional committees and a federal special counsel. In the run-up to the November election, the FBI probed Clinton’s handling of email as U.S. secretary of state under Democratic President Barack Obama but ultimately said no criminal charges were warranted. ",1
2557,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 25) - Jeff Sessions, ObamaCare, trade deal","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - “quietly working to boost Clinton.” So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity [0603 EDT]  - Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers! [0612 EDT] - Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife! [0621 EDT] - Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate! [0627 EDT] - ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand. [0638 EDT] - So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.[0644 EDT] - Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump! [0652 EDT] - Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP![0816 EDT]  - This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people![0819 EDT]  - Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there! [0829 EDT]  - It is time to end the Obamacare Nightmare![0810 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2558,Factbox: What might be in Senate's mystery healthcare bill,"(Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans were expected to vote on Tuesday for opening debate on a healthcare bill without knowing what is in it, but the potential components of the legislation were clear.  Approaches hammered out by Republicans in recent months were expected to be in the mix, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell making key choices about what is in and what is out, based on how much support a given combination can attract. One bill he could introduce would repeal much of Obamacare with no replacement plan. Another bill could repeal and replace the 2010 law while also overhauling Medicaid, the federal health insurance program for the poor and disabled. Both bills have faced criticism from the health industry.  The Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, extended insurance to 20 million Americans and was Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. For seven years, Republicans have promised to repeal and replace it, but have struggled to do so, even though they now control both chambers of Congress and the White House. Another path open to McConnell would be to develop an entirely new bill on the Senate floor through amendments. Here are summaries of bills that could be in play: A shortened version of Obamacare repeal, called a “skinny repeal,” could end Obamacare’s individual and employer mandates and the medical device tax, said a Senate aide and a lobbyist. Senate Republicans would likely go for a bare-minimum “skinny repeal” only if other approaches, such as those below, cannot win approval. McConnell has said he could introduce a bill that Republicans passed in 2015 that was subsequently vetoed by Obama, called the Obamacare Repeal Reconciliation Act. It would repeal most Obamacare taxes and end funding for Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion, as well as tax credits that help low-income people buy health insurance on the individual insurance market. It would abolish a penalty on individuals who do not purchase insurance, as well as a penalty on certain employers who do not provide employees insurance. But the legislation does not include a replacement plan. If signed into law, Congress would have two years to craft and pass a replacement. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimated the law would increase the number of uninsured Americans by 17 million in 2018, and by 32 million in 2026. The Senate has spent months negotiating a bill, called the Better Care Reconciliation Act, that would repeal and replace much of Obamacare, while also drastically cutting Medicaid. The latest version would repeal many Obamacare taxes, but retain two taxes on the wealthy. It would unwind Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion over three years, then slash spending on Medicaid beginning in 2025, as well as overhaul the law’s tax credits. It would also eliminate penalties on individuals for not purchasing insurance and employers who do not provide it. The bill includes an amendment from Senator Ted Cruz that would let insurers sell bare-bones policies that fall short of broad benefits mandated under Obamacare, such as maternity and newborn care and prescription drugs. The CBO estimated the bill would result in 22 million more people losing their insurance by 2026 and, in a separate report, estimated that Medicaid would be cut by 35 percent come 2036.  HOUSE-PASSED LEGISLATION In May, the House of Representatives passed its own version of healthcare legislation, called the American Health Care Act.  It would repeal most Obamacare taxes, including taxes on the wealthy, replace the law’s income-based tax credits with flat age-based credits capped at upper-income levels and end funding for the Medicaid expansion beginning in 2020.  Like the Senate legislation, it would eliminate the penalty on individuals who do not purchase insurance and employers who do not provide it to employees. Controversially, the House bill would eliminate the Obamacare mandate that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates. The CBO found it would result in 23 million more uninsured Americans by 2026 and destabilize the individual insurance market in much of the country. ",1
2559,Senate committee issues subpoena for Manafort: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel has issued a subpoena to force Paul Manafort, a former campaign manager to President Donald Trump, to appear at a hearing on Wednesday as part of its probe into Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election. The Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Charles Grassley, and the top Democrat on the panel, Dianne Feinstein, said the subpoena was issued late on Monday after Manafort did not agree to an interview. “While we were willing to accommodate Mr. Manafort’s request to cooperate with the committee’s investigation without appearing at Wednesday’s hearing, we were unable to reach an agreement for a voluntary transcribed interview with the Judiciary Committee,” they said in a statement on Tuesday. They said Manafort was willing to provide only a single transcribed interview to Congress, which would be available to the Judiciary Committee as well as other panels. “As with other witnesses, we may be willing to excuse him from Wednesday’s hearing if he would be willing to agree to production of documents and a transcribed interview,” they said. The panel leaders also said any Manafort interview would not constitute a waiver of his rights and the committee could require that he testify in the future. Earlier, NBC News reported Manafort would speak with Senate investigators within 48 hours, citing a source close to Manafort.  It said he was likely to be questioned about a June 2016 meeting in New York with a Russian lawyer. Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr, has released emails that showed he welcomed the prospect of receiving damaging information at the meeting about Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. The Senate panel is one of several congressional committees investigating alleged Russian efforts to tilt the election in the Republican candidate’s favor and possible collusion by Trump’s campaign. Moscow has denied such efforts, and Trump has denied his campaign colluded. ",1
2560,Manafort meets with Senate intelligence panel: spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort met with Senate Intelligence Committee staff on Tuesday, a spokesman said, as another Senate panel issued a subpoena to force him to appear at a hearing. “Paul Manafort met this morning, by previous agreement, with the bipartisan staff of the Senate Intelligence Committee and answered their questions fully,” Jason Maloni, Manafort’s spokesman, said in an email. Earlier, the Senate Judiciary Committee said it had issued a subpoena on Monday night to force Manafort to appear at a hearing on Wednesday. ",1
2561,House seen passing Russia sanctions bill limiting Trump's power,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote overwhelmingly on Tuesday for a bill that would slap new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea, potentially complicating President Donald Trump’s hopes of pursuing improved relations with Moscow. The bipartisan measure aims to punish Russia for its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and for alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The measure’s fate in the Senate is uncertain after a key senator said the deal announced over the weekend may not be final. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters that negotiators had a “very good weekend” but any announcement “seemed somewhat premature.” “We’re about there, there’s still some procedural issues we’re discussing but, you know, I think it worked out very, very well. We’ve still got a couple of things to talk about on North Korea,” Corker said. If the Republican-led Senate passes the measure, Trump will need to decide whether to sign the bill or veto it. Rejecting it would carry a risk that his veto could be overridden by lawmakers. The Trump administration has objected to a provision in the sanctions bill that the president obtain congressional approval before easing any sanctions on Moscow. “He’s going to study that legislation and see what the final product looks like,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Monday, when asked whether Trump would support it. An earlier version of the bill, including sanctions on Russia and Iran, passed the Senate by 98-2 on June 15. A North Korea sanctions bill passed the House by 419-1 in May and House lawmakers were becoming increasingly impatient with the Senate’s failure to take up that legislation. House members saw the Iran and Russia sanctions bill as a chance to finally get the North Korea measure through the Senate. Trump’s relationship with Russia has been an issue during the first six months of his presidency as investigations continue into whether his associates colluded with Russian hackers to influence the election on his behalf. Russia denies interfering in the U.S. election. Trump has denied his campaign colluded with Moscow, calling the probes politically motivated and repeatedly criticizing them. In a series of tweets early on Tuesday, Trump lashed out at both U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Andrew McCabe, acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Without offering evidence, Trump cited “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage” his presidential campaign in order to aid his former Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior White House adviser, will visit Capitol Hill for a second straight day to be interviewed about his contacts with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign and the presidential transition. Trump on Tuesday praised Kushner, saying he had done “very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians.” ",1
2562,Top Senate Democrat warns Trump over replacing Sessions to derail Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate warned President Donald Trump on Tuesday against any attempt to bypass Congress to appoint a new attorney general and undermine special counsel Robert Mueller’s ongoing probe into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election.  “Many Americans must be wondering if the president is trying to pry open the office of attorney general to appoint someone during the August recess who will fire special counsel Mueller and shut down the Russia investigation,” U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said in remarks on the Senate floor. “Democrats will never go along with the recess appointment if that situation arises,” he said. “We have some tools in our toolbox to stymie such action. We’re ready to use every single one of them.” ",1
2563,Republican Senate leader to hold healthcare vote within hours,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he will schedule a vote on whether to open debate on a healthcare overhaul in a “couple of hours.” “Today’s vote to begin debate is the first step, and we should take it,” McConnell said on the Senate floor. “Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you’re just fine with the Obamcare nightmare.” ",1
2564,Republican holdout Rand Paul to vote opening debate on health bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Rand Paul said on Tuesday he would vote to open debate on a healthcare overhaul to supplant the Affordable Care Act after the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, told him they planned to take up a clean repeal vote. “This morning, @SenateMajLdr informed me that the plan for today is to take up the 2015 clean repeal bill as I’ve urged,” Paul wrote in a series of Twitter posts. “If that is the plan, I will vote to proceed to have this vote. I also now believe we will be able to defeat the new spending and bailouts.” ",1
2565,Ukraine denies Trump accusation it attempted to sabotage 2016 election,"KIEV (Reuters) - The Ukrainian embassy in Washington denied on Tuesday accusations from U.S. President Donald Trump that Ukraine had attempted to sabotage his campaign during the 2016 U.S. presidential race. “We stand by our words that the government of Ukraine didn’t help any candidate in (the) election. Ukraine is proud of bipartisan support in the U.S.,” the embassy posted on Twitter. ",1
2566,Trump call for Clinton investigation 'highly inappropriate': top senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s call for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to investigate former Democratic rival Hillary Clinton is “highly inappropriate” and threatens to erode the separation between law and politics, a leading Republican senator said on Tuesday. “Prosecutorial decisions should be based on applying facts to the law without hint of political motivation. To do otherwise is to run away from the long-standing American tradition of separating the law from politics,” Senator Lindsey Graham said in a series of posts on Twitter. “President Trump’s tweet today suggesting Attorney General Sessions pursue prosecution of a former political rival is highly inappropriate,” said Graham, who defended Sessions from criticism by the president.  ",1
2567,"Trump praises work on British trade deal, says EU 'protectionist'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday praised ongoing work on a  post-Brexit trade deal with Britain while sharply criticizing the European Union’s trade relationship with the United States. “Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!” Trump wrote on Twitter without offering any other details. Representatives for the White House and the U.S. Department of Commerce could not be immediately reached for comment. The Republican U.S. president earlier this month assured quick action on a trade deal between the United States and Britain even as some British officials expressed skepticism.     Trump met with British Prime Minister Theresa May on the sidelines of the G20 meeting in Hamburg earlier this month, describing the bilateral trade deal as “a very, very big deal, a very powerful deal, great for both countries.”  A deal would follow Britain’s 2016 decision to withdraw from the European Union, a major trading bloc. The British government has since touted its ability to strike one-on-one deals with other countries.  Still, some British officials and businesses have remained skeptical that a trade deal with the United States would make up for leaving the EU. Trump on Tuesday offered no specific actions that he wanted the EU to halt, but a series of trade issues over steel and other products have raised tensions. The Trump administration has launched a review of the steel industry and is weighing tariffs on imports that could spark retaliatory action. While such tariffs would primarily take aim at China, EU officials fear steel headed for the United States would instead be redirected to European nations, upending the industry there. ",1
2568,Trump gives Boy Scouts at jamboree a taste of Washington politics,"GLEN JEAN, West Virginia (Reuters) - After another challenging day in Washington, President Donald Trump flew to West Virginia to a field full of 40,000 chanting and cheering Boy Scouts, telling them he was happy to leave Washington behind. “Who the hell wants to speak about politics?” Trump boomed, telling the boys he wanted to talk about how to achieve their dreams.  But politics proved too hard for Trump to resist on a day he spent pleading for Republican senators to vote to advance his long-promised health care overhaul and watching his son-in-law Jared Kushner being grilled on Capitol Hill about contacts with Russia. It did not take long for Trump to veer from inspiration to denigration. The teenaged boys loved it, cheering wildly at each sick burn, hooting and hollering like they were at a wrestling match. “Tonight we put aside all of the policy fights in Washington, D.C. you’ve been hearing about with the fake news and all of that,” he told the teenaged boys, sitting state by state in brightly colored t-shirts. “You know, I go to Washington and I see all these politicians and I see the swamp and it’s not a good place,” said Trump. “In fact, today I said we ought to change it from the word ‘swamp’ to the word ‘cesspool’ or perhaps to the word ‘sewer.’ It’s not good. I see what’s going on and believe me, I’d much rather be with you, that I can tell you,” Trump said. He told the boys that the media were dishonest and would not  show the size of their jamboree on television. “Fake media, fake media,” Trump said, eliciting a chorus of boos and cheers. Trump recounted his election night victories, state by state, the boys from Wisconsin cheering when they heard their state mentioned, the boys from Michigan doing the same. But the most sustained round of cheers and jeers came when Trump mentioned his predecessor President Barack Obama, who had declined invitations to speak to the scout gathering while he was in office. “By the way, just a question: did President Obama ever come to a jamboree?” Trump said. Trump said he has 10 former Boy Scouts serving in his cabinet and White House, and brought a few on stage as examples of Boy Scout leadership in action, including Tom Price, his health secretary. “Hopefully he’s going to get the votes tomorrow to start our path toward killing this horrible thing known as Obamacare,” Trump said, referring to Obama’s signature health care legislation, as the boys booed. “He better get them, otherwise I’ll say, ‘Tom, you’re fired!’” he said, borrowing the catch phrase from his reality television show, “The Apprentice.” ",1
2569,Trump to study tougher Russia sanctions bill: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will examine whether a bill toughening sanctions on Russia is offering the “best deal” for the American people, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Monday. “He’s going to study that legislation and see what the final product looks like,” Sanders told reporters during a briefing on Air Force One, when asked whether Trump would support the legislation. ",1
2570,Senator Corker says no deal yet on Russia sanctions bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Long-delayed legislation to impose new sanctions on Russia hit another snag on Monday when the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said the announcement of a deal to move the bill forward was premature. “We still have a little work to do,” Senator Bob Corker told reporters at the U.S. Senate. He said he expected differences could be resolved quickly but declined to give a specific timeframe. Republicans and Democrats in the House of Representatives and Senate Democrats had announced on Saturday that they had reached an agreement that would allow a vote on the sanctions bill in the House on Tuesday. House aides said the bill is expected to pass overwhelmingly. But Corker said the announcement of a deal “seemed somewhat premature.” “It’s not quite done, but it feels like it’s moving to a good place,” Corker said. He said issues included North Korea sanctions that were added to a bill including sanctions on Iran and Russia that passed the Senate overwhelmingly in June. He said Senate and House staff members were still discussing the measure. “It’s very, very close,” he said. An earlier version of the bill, including sanctions on Russia and Iran, passed the Senate 98-2 on June 15. But it never came up for a vote in the House, after President Donald Trump’s administration objected to provisions including a requirement that he obtain Congress’ approval before easing any sanctions on Moscow. Trump’s relationship with Russia has been a focus of the first six months of his presidency after he called for warmer relations with Moscow while campaigning and amid an investigation of whether his associates colluded with Russian hackers to influence the election on his behalf. The new sanctions bill is the latest in a series of efforts by members of Congress to prevent Trump from easing sanctions on Moscow. The new version of the measure announced on Saturday added sanctions on North Korea but left intact most provisions of the bill passed by the Senate, including the congressional review provision. Corker said he had been in touch with the administration since Saturday but declined to elaborate beyond saying he thought officials had come to a “fuller understanding” of the measure. On Monday, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Trump would examine whether the bill was offering the “best deal” for the American people and then decide whether he would support it. ",1
2571,Senate healthcare holdout Collins never got call from Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump exhorted every Republican to vote yes on a healthcare overhaul when it comes before the Senate this week, but one of his party’s most vocal opponents of the bill, Senator Susan Collins, said he had made no effort to reach her. “The Democrats aren’t giving us one vote, so we need virtually every single vote from the Republicans, not easy to do,” Trump declared Monday in the White House, appearing with families he said had been harmed by Obamacare. Hours later on Capitol Hill, Collins, one of a handful of Republican holdouts and the party’s most reliable moderate in the Senate, said she had not heard from Trump. “I’ve had conversations with Vice President (Mike) Pence, and Seema Verma, and Reince Priebus has called me a few times, to discuss the bill, but the president understandably I think is focusing on others,” Collins said in an interview on Monday evening with Reuters. Verma is the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and Priebus is White House chief of staff.  Asked if Trump had given up on her, Collins said: “I don’t know but it sounded that way from one of his press statements that I saw. He said something like - ‘Susan Collins, she’s from Maine.’ As if that explained it.” After a mostly hands-off approach to the Senate debate on healthcare over the past few weeks, Trump urged fellow Republicans on Monday to deliver on their promise of the past seven years to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, popularly known as Obamacare. A defeat in the Senate would be a major setback for Trump and congressional Republicans, who view Obamacare as government intrusion in the healthcare market. Critics warn the Republican bill will deprive millions of health insurance. Collins, who voted two years ago against a repeal of Obamacare, repeated on Monday she would vote “no” on a motion to proceed to any of the known versions of the legislation now being circulated to repeal or overhaul the healthcare law.  The 64-year-old Maine lawmaker refused to try to predict what the outcome would be when the Senate votes on Tuesday on whether to open debate on a Republican healthcare bill. Once that episode is over, she said she hoped lawmakers would start work on a bipartisan bill on healthcare. “My hope is that we’ll end up going back to committee and doing what we should have in the first place: which is having hearings, perhaps coming up with several smaller bills to address the very real problems created by the Affordable Care Act,” she said. Representatives of the Trump administration, asked whether the president intended to contact recalcitrant senators such as Collins, said others in the administration had done so.  “We’ve talked to virtually every single Republican senator,” Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price told reporters, noting that Collins had been at the White House on a number of occasions.  Collins said lawmakers would first need to address the collapse of insurance markets in many counties across the country. She said Congress should fund cost-sharing subsidies that help keep down consumers’ out-of-pocket costs. Collins, who said she had held individual discussions with at least eight Senate Democrats about some kind of bipartisan healthcare effort, said she believed Trump would sign a bipartisan healthcare bill. “At times he called for a bipartisan bill, and so I think he’d be fine with a bipartisan bill.” She was forthright about her problems with the Senate Republican approach, including its sweeping cuts to Medicaid, the government healthcare program for the poor, and the expected increase in costs for older Americans who buy private health insurance. Maine’s population is older, mostly rural, and one-fifth of the population is on Medicaid. The median age is 43, the oldest in the country.  “In northern Maine, where the (insurance) rates are highest, and the population is older, the information from what I’ve seen, it (the cost of insurance) would be like a third of their income in some cases. So I’m very concerned about that,” Collins said. ",1
2572,Russian banker who met Trump son-in-law not acting on our orders: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A senior Russian banker who met President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, did not do so on the Kremlin’s orders, a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday. Kushner, who was quizzed on Monday by Senate investigators on his contacts with Russians as part of an investigation into possible Kremlin meddling in last year’s presidential election, said he had met Sergei Gorkov, the head of Russian state-owned Vnesheconombank, on Dec. 13. Russia flatly denies it interfered with the U.S. election.  When asked about Kushner’s meeting on Tuesday, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call that Gorkov had been in the United States as part of a roadshow meeting various U.S. representatives in the course of his work. “These contacts do no need any approval from the Kremlin and naturally (these meetings) did not happen on the Kremlin’s orders,” Peskov said. He said it was “normal practice” for the head of a major Russian bank conducting a roadshow to hold various meetings.   ",1
2573,Kremlin: U.S. arms supplies to Ukraine would set back peace efforts,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Any U.S. decision to supply Ukraine with lethal weapons would set back peace efforts and escalate tensions, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. The Kremlin was referring to an interview given by U.S. special envoy on Ukraine, Kurt Volker, to Britain’s broadcaster BBC, in which he said that Washington was actively reviewing whether to send weapons to help those fighting against Russian-backed rebels. The Kremlin said a possible delivery of U.S. weapons to Ukraine could destabilize the situation along the frontline in the east of the country. “We have already said more than once that any action which escalates tension ... and further aggravates the already complicated situation will only move us further and further away  from the moment of settling this internal issue of Ukraine,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. ",1
2574,Unrest bubbles among Trump's key foreign policy aides: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Frustration is mounting among leading foreign policy officials in President Donald Trump’s administration as they chafe at some policy and bureaucratic defeats and complain they lack independence to do their jobs, officials say. The clash between internationalists urging the traditional U.S. leadership role in the world and advocates of an “America First” approach has worn down foreign policy and intelligence professionals inside the government, according to the officials. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has told friends he will be lucky to last a year in his job, according to a friend, while two officials said national security adviser H.R. McMaster was frustrated by what he sees as disorganization and indiscipline on key policy issues inside the White House. A source familiar with the situation told Reuters that Tillerson was “very upset at not having autonomy, independence and control over his own department and the ability to do the job the way the job ... is traditionally done.” The source said he had heard nothing about any possible departure, but added: “The situation doesn’t seem to be getting any better, and in some respects appears to be getting worse.” R.C. Hammond, Tillerson’s spokesman, denied Tillerson was considering leaving or that his frustrations were boiling over, saying he had “plenty of reasons to stay on the job, and all of them are important to America.” “There’s a desperate need for American leadership in the world and that’s where the secretary’s focusing his attention,” he said. Tillerson scored a policy win last week when the administration certified, albeit reluctantly, that Iran was complying with the 2015 nuclear deal under which Tehran agreed to restrain its atomic program in exchange for sanctions relief. He was upset, however, by fierce internal criticism from Trump, as well as his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, and White House aide Sebastian Gorka, over the decision, said another  U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity.  “The secretary does not feel that White House staff members should be in a position to conduct hostile cross-(examinations) of Cabinet officials,” the official said.    Hammond disputed the account of harsh discord between Trump and Tillerson regarding recertifying the Iran nuclear deal, saying: “I don’t buy this whole thing that there are tensions. Developing public policy is about vetting out ideas,” he said. Following last month’s move by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt to boycott Qatar, which they accuse of financing extremist groups and supporting terrorism, Tillerson publicly asked the nations to ease their blockade, and put the onus on both sides to end the crisis. Less than 90 minutes later, Trump accused Qatar of being a “high level” sponsor of terrorism and suggested he had helped plan the Qatar action with Arab leaders. “As a government we offered some confusing signals, but we’ve since been able to clear up and clarify that,” Hammond said. Politico reported last month that Tillerson was furious with Johnny DeStefano, the head of the presidential personnel office, for torpedoing proposed nominees to key State Department posts. Senior national security officials said McMaster was dismayed that his recommendations, backed by his senior director for Russia, Fiona Hill, about taking a tough stance with Russian President Vladimir Putin, had been ignored. Trump has questioned the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election to try to help him defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton. McMaster, a three-star Army general who once praised Trump as a “disruptive” figure, is also troubled by a protracted debate about sending more U.S. forces to help Afghanistan reverse gains by the Taliban, officials familiar with the matter told Reuters. Asked to respond to the characterizations of the views of McMaster and other officials, a White House official said: “Assertions not of fact but of state of mind in internal thought have no place in a story like this.”     While circumspect, Tillerson talked about the challenges of his new job earlier this month, telling reporters that it differed from his former role as chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, where “I was the ultimate decision-maker. That always makes life easier.” “I knew what to expect and we had very long-standing disciplined processes and decision-making,” he said. “Those are not the characteristics of the United States government.” ",1
2575,Democrats take aim at big companies in economic blueprint,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democrats unveiled an economic platform on Monday that included plans to address unfair market competition, rising pharmaceuticals costs and stagnant wages. Democrats proposed new standards that companies must meet to complete large mergers and enhanced post-merger reviews, singling out the airline, telecommunications, beer, food and eyeglass industries as areas of concern in the proposal dubbed “A Better Deal” for working Americans.  Last year, Republicans proposed legislative goals with a similar title: “A Better Way.” The Democrats’ platform is a move to regroup ahead of the 2018 midterm congressional elections, after Hillary Clinton’s loss to Republican President Donald Trump in 2016. Republicans control both the House and the Senate. Senator Chuck Schumer, the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate, accused Trump of running a populist election campaign and then abandoning working people for special interests once in the White House. “We can’t delude anyone that this Congress will begin passing our priorities tomorrow but we have to start presenting our vision for the country’s future,” Schumer said at a kickoff event in the town of Berryville, Virginia. Accompanying Schumer was House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Senators Elizabeth Warren, Chris Van Hollen and Amy Klobuchar, and Representatives Hakeem Jeffries and David Cicilline, among others. Democrats want to create an independent government agency that would crack down on drug companies that raise prices excessively. They also want to allow Medicare, the government health insurance program for the elderly, to negotiate prices with manufacturers. Additionally, drug companies would need to justify big price hikes to the government. Policy proposals provided to reporters singled out a few companies by name, including Turing Pharmaceuticals and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. One document criticized United Continental Holdings Inc for the “brutal assault” of a United passenger who was already seated on an overbooked flight and refused to give up his seat for a crew member.  Separately, if AT&T Inc’s purchase of Time Warner Inc succeeds, it would allow the “resulting behemoths” to “unfairly discriminate” against smaller distributors, one document stated. When Anheuser Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer maker, purchased SABMiller, the second-largest beer company, it put smaller brewers at a disadvantage, the documents said. Mergers between Dow Chemical Co and DuPont, Monsanto Co with Bayer AG and Syngenta AG with ChemChina “threaten the safety of food and agriculture in America,” one document said. Democrats will also propose doubling federal support for apprenticeship programs, a tax credit for employers that hire and train workers that make a liveable wage, and encouraging partnerships between companies and public high schools and community colleges. ",1
2576,"U.S. judge halts deportation of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals","DETROIT (Reuters) - A federal judge in Michigan halted on Monday the deportation of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals from the United States, the latest legal victory for the Iraqi nationals facing deportation in a closely watched case. U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith granted a preliminary injunction requested by American Civil Liberties Union lawyers, who argued the immigrants would face persecution in Iraq because they are considered ethnic and religious minorities there. Goldsmith said the injunction provides detainees time to challenge their removal in federal courts. He said many of them faced “a feverish search for legal assistance” after their deportation orders were unexpectedly resurrected by the U.S. government after several years. Goldsmith wrote, in his 34-page opinion and order, the extra time assures “that those who might be subjected to grave harm and possible death are not cast out of this country before having their day in court.”  The decision effectively means no Iraqi nationals can be deported from the United States for several months.  It was not immediately known whether the U.S. government would appeal. A representative for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Detroit was not immediately available for comment. There are 1,444 Iraqi nationals who have final deportation orders against them in the U.S., although only about 199 of them were detained in June as part of a nationwide sweep by immigration authorities.  The ACLU sued on June 15 to halt the deportations, arguing the Iraqis could face persecution, torture, or death because many were Chaldean Catholics, Sunni Muslims, or Iraqi Kurds and that the groups were recognized as targets of ill-treatment in Iraq. Those arrested by immigration authorities had outstanding deportation orders and many had been convicted of serious crimes, ranging from homicide to weapons and drug charges, the U.S. government said. Goldsmith sided with the ACLU, expanding on June 26 an earlier stay which only protected 114 detainees from the Detroit area to the broader class of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals nationwide. Goldsmith’s Monday decision came hours before that injunction was set to expire. The ACLU argued many Iraqi detainees have had difficulty obtaining critical government documents needed to file deportation order appeals, and also that the government has transferred many detainees to facilities in different parts of the country, separating them from their lawyers and families. Under Goldsmith’s ruling, immigration authorities must provide the ACLU with bi-weekly reports about each Iraqi that include where they are detained. On Friday, a federal prosecutor told Goldsmith his injunction was not necessary because many of the detainees were appealing final deportation orders through immigration court. The roundup of Iraqis in the Detroit area followed Iraq’s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from Trump’s revised temporary travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries. Some of those affected came to the United States as children and committed their crimes decades ago but were allowed to stay because Iraq previously declined to issue travel documents for them. That changed after the two governments came to the agreement in March.          ",1
2577,"As U.S. weighs Afghan strategy, hopes set on fledgling Air Force","KABUL (Reuters) - (This version of the July 23 story corrects reference to A-29 Super Tucano in para 7. The aircraft are built in the United States under an agreement between their Brazilian manufacturer, Embraer and Sierra Nevada Corp.) As the U.S. administration prepares its new strategy for Afghanistan, the Kabul government and its Western allies are working hard to develop an air force that gives government forces the advantage in their war against Taliban militants. The level of equipment, training and assets falls far short of matching the air assets the Americans still maintain in Afghanistan, but billions of dollars are earmarked for the force which is being built up almost from scratch. “That is what will provide the asymmetric advantage to break the stalemate on the ground,” Brigadier-General Phillip Stewart, commander of TAAC-Air, the Resolute Support mission advising the air force, told Reuters. A four-year, $7 billion expansion plan is aimed at training more flight and maintenance crews and increasing the number of aircraft in the Afghan Air Force (AAF). “In 2014, remember, we (NATO and the U.S. military in Afghanistan) had the best air force in the world and the coalition pulled out and we realized we hadn’t grown the Afghan Air Force,” Stewart said. U.S. officers say the aim is to build a counter-insurgency force able to support troops fighting in remote and forbidding terrain with air strikes, supplies and intelligence. The air force is already conducting some air strikes using Brazilian-designed A-29 Super Tucano light attack aircraft and specially adapted MD-530 scout helicopters and it is building capacity in other areas. Last month, an Afghan air crew parachuted around 400 kg of supplies to an isolated border police outpost, the first time the AAF had conducted an aerial supply drop. “We can do casualty evacuations, we can take cargo, we can take ammunition, we can transport vehicles to different places where they can’t go by road,” said Major Khail Shinwari, an Afghan C-130 Hercules pilot. The AAF has about 120 aircraft in service, ranging from small propeller Cessna 208s to old Soviet-era helicopters, as well as the A-29s, MD-530s and its four veteran C-130 Hercules transporters. In coming years, the old Russian Mi-17s helicopters, which are increasingly difficult to maintain, will be replaced by American UH-60 Black Hawks. The AAF says it is flying up to 140 sorties a day, carrying supplies and providing close air support to troops fighting the Afghan Taliban and Islamic State. But whether it can be built up quickly enough to turn the tide against the stubborn Taliban insurgency is unclear. All the air power of the NATO-led coalition was not enough to defeat the militants and the AAF is nowhere near being able operate alone. U.S. drones, F-16s and Apache attack helicopters are still heavily engaged in areas like Helmand, where U.S. aircraft conducted at least 52 air strikes in the space of five days last week in support of Afghan forces. For the moment, the Afghan A-29s are still using unguided bombs rather than the guided weapons used by the Americans, and the MD-530 helicopters, which came into service in 2015, fire machine guns and rockets attached to their landing gear. “It’s close air support but not as anyone who grew up in the U.S. Air Force would understand it,” Stewart said. “It’s not precision, it’s .50 cal(ibre machine guns) and rockets but they get close to their work and they’re very good.” U.S. trainers say Afghan pilots and crews are being trained to a standard comparable with their American counterparts. But the length of time it takes to train crews - up to four years for pilots and as much as seven years for specialized mechanics - means it will be years before the air force can operate fully independently. For the moment, the emphasis is on building a force suitable for Afghanistan, which means using less complicated equipment such as the C-208s or MD-350 helicopters “at the expense of maybe getting some bigger, sexier platform,” Stewart said. The aim is to increase the effectiveness of the security forces, which advisers hope to get to a point where the Taliban are forced to negotiate a political settlement. As the AAF has grown, however, it has faced increasing pressure from army units to step up operations. Advisers say one of the main risks it faces is overstretch. “They just don’t have the airplanes and sometimes the ground forces will become frustrated because they want more,” Stewart said. ",1
2578,Trump pleads with Republicans to roll back Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump made a last-ditch plea to U.S. Senate Republicans on Monday to “do the right thing” and fulfill seven years of campaign promises to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. The Senate will vote on Tuesday on whether to open debate on an overhaul of the law, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promising an open amendment process and a “robust” debate. “To every member of the Senate I say this: The American people have waited long enough. There’s been enough talk, and no action. Now is the time for action,” Trump said on Monday at the White House. Standing in front of families who he said had been hurt by the law popularly known as Obamacare, Trump said, “So far, Senate Republicans have not done their job in ending the Obamacare nightmare.” Even as it remained unclear on Monday whether McConnell had enough votes in the Senate to open debate, he said the vote would take place regardless. “I know many of us have waited years for this moment to finally arrive. And, at long last, it finally has. I would urge every colleague to join me,” McConnell said. Senator John McCain, who has been battling brain cancer in his home state of Arizona, is expected to return to the Senate to cast a vote, his office said on Monday.      Moderate Senator Susan Collins, who has vocally opposed McConnell’s efforts so far, said on Monday she would vote “no” on a motion to proceed.  Republicans have been under heavy political pressure to make good on their longstanding campaign promises to gut the 2010 law, which they view as a government intrusion in the healthcare market. But the party is deeply divided between moderates concerned the Senate bill would eliminate insurance for millions of low-income Americans and conservatives who want to see even deeper cuts to the Obamacare legislation. Senate Republicans have been unable to reach consensus on an approach, with McConnell failing to secure enough votes for either a repeal and replacement of Obamacare or a straight repeal. Republicans hold a 52-48 majority in the 100-member Senate. With Democrats united in opposition, McConnell can only afford to lose two Republican votes.  “The question for every senator, Democrat or Republican, is whether they will side with Obamacare’s architects, which have been so destructive to our country, or its forgotten victims?” Trump said. While Trump has repeatedly called on Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare, he has shown little interest in the policy specifics. Trump last week initially suggested he was fine with letting Obamacare collapse, then urged Republican senators to hash out a deal. His remarks on Monday were among the lengthiest statements he has made regarding healthcare. “Obamacare is death. That’s the one that’s death,” Trump said. “And besides that, it’s failing so you won’t have it anyway.” McConnell will ask senators whether to begin debate on the healthcare bill passed in May by the House of Representatives. If that procedural vote succeeds, the House bill would then be open for amendment on the Senate floor. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has estimated the Senate’s replacement bill could lead to as many as 22 million fewer Americans being insured. A plan to repeal Obamacare without replacing it could cost 32 million Americans their health insurance by 2026, CBO estimated. At the same time, premiums on individual insurance plans would rise 25 percent next year and double by 2026 if Obamacare is repealed, CBO said. Uncertainty over the future of healthcare has left health insurance companies and U.S. states as well as hospitals and doctors unclear about future funding and coverage. Public opinion polls also show Americans worried about potential changes to the healthcare system.       ",1
2579,Republican Senator McCain will return Tuesday for healthcare vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator John McCain, who has been recuperating in Arizona after being diagnosed with brain cancer, will return to Washington for a vote on healthcare reform on Tuesday, his office said in a statement on Monday. “Senator McCain looks forward to returning to the United States Senate tomorrow to continue working on important legislation, including health care reform, the National Defense Authorization Act, and new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea,” the statement said. ",1
2580,"Jared Kushner details Russia contacts, denies collusion","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, emerged from behind the scenes on Monday to tell Senate investigators he had no part in any Kremlin attempt to meddle in the U.S. election despite having met Russians four times last year. “All of my actions were proper and occurred in the normal course of events of a very unique campaign,” Kushner later told  reporters outside the White House. “I did not collude with Russia, nor do I know of anyone else in the campaign who did.” Kushner, 36, a senior White House adviser, met Senate Intelligence Committee staff behind closed doors for about two hours. Two sources with knowledge of what Kushner told them said the session was pleasant and conversational. In an 11-page written statement Kushner made public before the meeting, the real estate businessman portrayed himself as new to politics when he became a top adviser to Trump’s 2016 campaign. The letter was his fullest account to date of contacts with Russian officials. A businessman married to Trump’s eldest daughter Ivanka Trump, Kushner has rarely spoken in public since his father-in-law launched his presidential campaign in mid-2015. “I am not a person who has sought the spotlight,” he wrote in the letter. Trump prevailed over his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in November 2016 because he ran a “smarter campaign” and to suggest otherwise “ridicules those who voted for him,” Kushner said at the White House. He took no questions. The congressional committee is one of several investigating the conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia, under President Vladimir Putin, engaged in a hacking and propaganda campaign to try to tilt the November election in Trump’s favor. Russia denies the accusation and Trump denies his campaign colluded with Moscow. Special counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter.  A steady drip of information, much of it leaked to the news media, about contacts that Trump aides had with Russians has raised questions about possible collusion with Moscow, viewed by many of Trump’s fellow Republicans and rival Democrats as a hostile power trying to undermine U.S. interests around the world. Trump, who has called the Russia probes politically motivated, lashed out at the investigations in Twitter messages on Monday.  Kushner did not initially disclose any meetings with Russians on forms he filed to get a government security clearance for his work in the White House. He has since revised those forms several times. According to the sources with knowledge of Monday’s meeting, Kushner told the investigators that his lawyers and staff had not handled his security clearance form properly but they informed the FBI immediately when they realized it had been sent before it was complete, and then submitted a complete version. He said in his written statement that the initial form omitted not just Russian contacts but also all foreign contacts. In his written statement Kushner said he first met Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak in Washington in April 2016 and they shook hands.  He said that in a Dec. 1 meeting with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador asked if there was a secure line in Trump’s transition office to facilitate a discussion with Russian generals about Syria, and Kushner replied there was not.  Kushner said he asked if there was an existing communications channel at the Russian Embassy that could be used, but Kislyak said that was not possible and they agreed to follow up after the inauguration. “Nothing else occurred. I did not suggest a ‘secret back channel,’” Kushner said. Kushner said he met on Dec. 13, with Sergei Gorkov, the head of Russian state-owned Vnesheconombank, because of Kislyak’s insistence and because the Russian had a “direct relationship” with Putin. “He introduced himself and gave me two gifts - one was a piece of art from Nvgorod, the village where my grandparents were from in Belarus, and the other was a bag of dirt from that same village,” Kushner said. He said that neither sanctions imposed by Democratic former President Barack Obama’s administration nor Kushner’s business activities were discussed. Vnesheconombank has been subjected to U.S. economic sanctions since mid-2014 over Russia’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Relations between the United States and Russia deteriorated under Obama and Trump has said he wants to improve ties with Moscow, at times expressing admiration for Putin. U.S. lawmakers have said they want to hear about a June 2016 meeting involving Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr. The younger Trump has released emails that showed he welcomed the prospect of receiving damaging information from the Russian government about Clinton. Kushner and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort were also at the meeting but Kushner described it as a waste of time and said there was no discussion about the campaign during the time he was there. “I actually emailed an assistant from the meeting after I had been there for ten or so minutes and wrote ‘Can u pls call me on my cell? Need excuse to get out of meeting.’” Kushner is scheduled to address the House intelligence panel on Tuesday. ",1
2581,No. 2 Senate Republican: health bill to be discussed Tuesday before vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said on Monday that various options for a healthcare bill will be discussed at a policy lunch on Tuesday prior to the first procedural vote. Republican Senator Orrin Hatch said he did not expect Senator John McCain, who is recuperating from surgery in his home state of Arizona, to return to Washington in time for Tuesday’s healthcare vote. ",1
2582,U.S. judge allows Trump election commission to seek voting data,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s commission investigating voter fraud may request voter roll data from U.S. states, a federal judge ruled on Monday, in a setback for groups that contend the effort could infringe on privacy rights. The judge said a lawsuit by the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) watchdog did not have grounds for an injunction in part because the collection of data by the commission was not technically an action by a government agency so was not bound by laws that govern what such entities can do.  Washington-based U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly also pointed out that the commission was an advisory body that does not have legal authority to compel states to hand over the data. Most state officials who oversee elections and election law experts say that voter fraud is rare in the United States. Trump, who set up the commission by executive order on May 12, has charged without evidence that millions voted unlawfully in the November presidential election.  Republican Trump won the Electoral College, which tallies wins in states and determines the presidential winner. But he lost the popular vote to his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. “We look forward to continuing to work with state election leaders to gather information and identify opportunities to improve election integrity,” the commission’s vice chair Kris Kobach said in a statement after Monday’s ruling. Kobach is the secretary of state for Kansas and a high-profile advocate of tougher laws on immigration and voter identification. Civil rights groups and Democratic lawmakers have said the commission could lead to new ID requirements and other measures making it harder to vote. The panel, chaired by Vice President Mike Pence, met for the first time last week. It ran headlong into controversy when Kobach asked states to turn over voter information. The data included names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliation, felony convictions and voting histories. Some states refused, and others said they needed to study whether they could provide the data.  The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a separate lawsuit against the commission to ensure that it follows open government laws. “The commission’s efforts to gather personal data should not escape judicial review,” EPIC’s senior counsel Alan Butler said in a statement, adding the group would closely watch what the commission does next. ",1
2583,"Attorney General Sessions visits White House, not Trump","ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was at the White House on Monday but did not meet with President Donald Trump, who referred to him in a tweet as “beleaguered” earlier in the day, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. Sanders reiterated that Trump was frustrated with Sessions for recusing himself from the Justice Department’s Russia investigation. Sessions said last week he loved his job and planned to continue serving. ",1
2584,Republicans in House push for Congressional Budget Office cuts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are seeking to add an amendment this week to spending legislation that would slash the number of staff at the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The budget research office, known as the CBO, has drawn recent Republican criticism, including from the White House, after it concluded that Republican proposals to replace Obamacare would lead to 23 million more Americans being uninsured if they became law. Representative Mark Meadows, head of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said on Monday his colleague Morgan Griffith has offered an amendment to an appropriations bill the House is expected to take up this week that would cut the CBO’s staff of 235 by 89 employees, saving about $15 million. “They ought to be aggregators,” Meadows said of the CBO at a National Press Club lunch. “There’s plenty of think tanks that are out there. We ought to take a score from Heritage, from AEI (American Enterprise Institute), from Brookings, from the Urban Institute and bring them together for a composite score.” The Heritage Foundation is a conservative think tank based in Washington, as is the American Enterprise Institute. The Brookings Institution and Urban Institute are liberal-leaning think tanks based in Washington. The CBO is one of a handful of analysis units of Congress whose employees strive for political impartiality, providing dependable and neutral information that lawmakers can use when making often complex budget, tax and other decisions. Its staff includes economists, public policy analysts, lawyers and editors. In May, after Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney called the CBO’s healthcare analysis “absurd” and questioned its continued existence, Democrats defended the office, saying Republican attacks were irresponsible. “When Trump administration officials either disagree with or do not understand the impacts of their own policies, they prefer to attack the nonpartisan analysts who are doing their jobs with integrity and expertise,” Representative Steny Hoyer, a Democratic House leader, said at the time. The CBO was created in 1974 during a spending dispute between the Democratic-controlled Congress and Republican President Richard Nixon after he withheld funds for government programs that did not support his political positions. ",1
2585,Congressman proposes ban on Trump hotels use by U.S. government,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives proposed legislation on Monday to bar the U.S. government from renting rooms at President Donald Trump’s hotels for official business. “Donald Trump should not be allowed to line his or his family’s pockets with taxpayer dollars,” Representative Don Beyer of Virginia said in a statement. He said the amendments he was introducing to a spending bill were necessary because of the Republican president’s “unprecedented failure to divest from his business, and the ongoing entanglement between the Trump Organization and the White House.” Republicans control the House and the Senate. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Last month, the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit alleging that government payments to Trump’s businesses violated the U.S. Constitution. ",1
2586,Senate voting Tuesday on whether to open healthcare debate: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will vote Tuesday on whether to open debate on a healthcare bill, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on the Senate floor. The only way the Senate can actually consider ways to overhaul healthcare law is by opening a debate in the chamber said McConnell, a Republican. “That means voting to begin the open amendment process. That means voting to kick off a robust debate ... It means voting to proceed, and that will occur tomorrow.” ",1
2587,Trump urges Senate Republicans to move ahead with healthcare reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump urged Senate Republicans on Monday to move ahead this week on a bid to repeal his predecessor’s signature healthcare law, saying any senator who votes against it is telling America “you are fine with the Obamacare nightmare.” “To every member of the Senate I say this: the American people have waited long enough. There’s been enough talk, and no action. Now is the time for action,” Trump said at the White House. He added that people were demanding change, saying, “You’ll see that at the voter booth, believe me.” ",1
2588,"Medicaid, pension costs create budget complications for U.S. states: report","NEW YORK (Reuters) - A sluggish forecast for U.S. economic growth as well as an increase in U.S. states’ Medicaid and pension contribution costs is creating a budgetary squeeze in many state capitols, according to a research report issued by S&P Global Ratings on Monday.  While the risk of a recession within the next 12 months has fallen into a 15-20 percent range from 20-25 percent, the rate of economic expansion “is expected to remain fairly anemic at 1.8 percent over the longer term (roughly 10 years), well below the 3.0 percent average growth rate that prevailed from 1980 to 2000,” the report said. “And while the risk that federal policy could trigger a recession has eased, the potential for a dramatic scaling-back of federal aid for Medicaid has never been greater,” the report said. The slow-growth economy is producing sluggish revenue trends for the states, said Gabriel Petek, an analyst at S&P, in a telephone interview.  S&P does not expect Washington will enact a federally funded public infrastructure package in the next two years, which will put further stresses on state budget management. Addressing deferred maintenance and inadequate capacity in public infrastructure will depend heavily on state and local government solutions, the report said. Without a possible bump in growth from a federal infrastructure package, projected GDP growth for 2017 was lowered to 2.2 percent from 2.3 percent, the report said. “Anything that is done at the federal level would imply that more of the burden has to be picked up by the state and local government level in the area of infrastructure investment,” Petek said. The report added that the U.S. mid-Atlantic region (New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania) will have the slowest growing economy compared to other regions. Real GDP growth for the region is projected at 1.25 percent for 2017, the report said. The best performing region forecast for the current year, with an economic growth forecast of 2.88 percent is the Mountain region (Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, Wyoming). Overall, regional economies growth rates are expected to peak in 2018 before some of those gains ebb, the report’s data showed. The best performing region forecast for 2018 are the states in the West South Central region (Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas) with a combined growth rate of 3.36 percent, followed closely by the Mountain region at 3.29 percent and Pacific region at 2.93 percent. ",1
2589,Illinois governor orders special session on school funding,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Monday called for a special legislative session starting on Wednesday to secure a school funding system before classes start next month. The Republican governor set a July 31 deadline for enacting a new funding formula without extra money for Chicago Public Schools (CPS) teacher pensions that was included in a bill passed by the Democratic-controlled legislature in late May. “We must act now, which is why I’m calling lawmakers back to Springfield for a special session. Our schools must open on time,” Rauner said in a statement. At a news conference earlier on Monday, Rauner accused Democrats who control the legislature of “playing political games” with the state’s approximately 2 million school children by not sending him the education funding bill. Rauner said he supports the bill’s establishment of an evidence-based model that ties public school funding to “best practices” aimed at enhancing student achievement. But the measure also addresses a state funding disparity for CPS pensions, which the governor has labeled a bailout for a badly managed retirement system. The $36 billion fiscal 2018 state budget the legislature enacted earlier this month over Rauner’s veto prohibits the flow of state money to schools in the absence of an evidence-based funding model. That has raised the possibility some school districts largely dependent on state funding may not be able to open in August.  Rauner dismissed a request by Democratic Senate President John Cullerton to meet with legislative leaders so the governor can make a “rational decision” on the bill. “I’d like to have a conversation with Governor Rauner in hopes of getting some clarity as to exactly what is going on,” Cullerton said in a statement on Monday. “We slowed down the process in the Senate in order to let everyone blow off some steam, politically speaking.” Rauner, who insisted on getting the bill on his desk before holding any discussions, declined to describe in detail his amendatory veto plans for CPS funding in the bill. Data posted on his website indicated the bill’s $293 million funding boost for CPS for state aid and pensions would be sliced nearly in half, freeing up $145 million for other school districts. Escalating pension payments have led to drained reserves, debt dependency and junk bond ratings for CPS, the nation’s third-largest public school system. The governor called the CPS pension funding “a poison pill” in the legislation, adding that it should be taken up separately. ",1
2590,EPA chief spent almost half of spring in home state of Oklahoma,"(Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, was in his home state of Oklahoma on at least 43 of the 92 days of March, April and May, according to copies of his travel records obtained by the Environmental Integrity Project watchdog group and reviewed by Reuters.  Pruitt’s frequent visits to Oklahoma have raised concerns among critics that he is cultivating political relationships in the state at taxpayer expense, instead of focusing on his job as head of the environmental regulator. EPA officials contend that  Pruitt works hard and pays for his trips home to Tulsa to see his wife and children. “Administrator Pruitt works long hours and is available around the clock,” said EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman. “He is extremely focused and disciplined, which is evident by the fact that he spearheaded over two dozen significant regulatory actions since being sworn in.” Pruitt has riled environmentalists by routinely raising doubts about the realities of climate change and by vowing to sweep away scores of Obama-era regulations rules to help business. Before becoming head of the EPA under Republican President Donald Trump, he was Oklahoma’s attorney general and repeatedly sued the agency he now runs to block federal environmental rules. The travel records show Pruitt’s schedule this spring often took him to cities in the U.S. heartland where he held meetings – often with oil and gas industry representatives - made speeches and attended events, before flying to Tulsa for extended weekends.  The records showed Pruitt paid for some legs of the trips directly related to his visits home, although it was not clear he paid for all such legs. The airfare for Pruitt’s travel to and from Oklahoma totaled more than $12,000, the Environmental Integrity Project said. That did not include travel and lodging expenses for his staff or his security detail, the records for which were not immediately available. The practice of spending long weekends away from Washington was seen as unusual by former officials. “The American people aren’t paying taxes for part-time Cabinet officials,” said Liz Purchia Gannon, who was spokeswoman for former EPA head Gina McCarthy, who served under former Democratic President Barack Obama during his second term. McCarthy’s family lived in Boston while she was head of the EPA, and she “fit travel home into her personal time,” Purchia Gannon said. A source who worked for former EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, McCarthy’s predecessor, said Jackson’s family moved to Washington during her tenure, so she did not have to travel to see them. Jackson was not available for comment.",1
2591,Massachusetts cannot hold immigrants so U.S. can detain them: state top court,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Massachusetts police do not have the authority to detain illegal immigrants solely to buy time for federal law enforcement officials to take them into custody, the state’s top court ruled on Monday. The decision amounts to a rejection of requests by the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency for courts and law enforcement agencies to hold illegal immigrants, who are facing civil deportation orders, in custody for up to 48 hours after their cases are resolved. The Supreme Judicial Court ruled that doing so amounts to a fresh arrest of the person that is not authorized by state law, in the first such ruling to apply to an entire state, according to Massachusetts’ attorney general. “Massachusetts law provides no authority for Massachusetts court officers to arrest and hold an individual solely on the basis of a Federal civil immigration detainer, beyond the time that the individual would otherwise be entitled to be released from State custody,” the court wrote in its decision. The case focused on Sreynuon Lunn from Cambodia. Federal officials said he entered the United States as a refugee in 1985 and was ordered deported to Cambodia in 2008 after a series of criminal convictions. Cambodia declined to accept him and he was released. Lunn was arrested in Boston last year on an unarmed robbery charge and ordered released in February after prosecutors failed to present a case. Federal ICE officials took him into custody while he remained in his holding cell, an event that made his case moot. The court agreed to hear the case on the premise that the issue would come up again. The U.S. Justice Department had argued that the 48-hour detainer requests reflected basic practices of cooperation between various law enforcement agencies. Attorneys for Lunn and the state had largely agreed that Massachusetts lacked the authority. “This decision allows local law enforcement to focus their resources on keeping people safe,” said Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, in a statement. U.S. President Donald Trump has made cracking down on illegal immigration a top priority of his administration. The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts praised the decision.    “At a time when the Trump administration is pushing aggressive and discriminatory immigration enforcement policies, Massachusetts is leading nationwide efforts by limiting how state and local law enforcement assist,” the group’s executive director, Carol Rose, said in a statement. ICE did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
2592,Trump aide Greenblatt heading to Jordan for talks after Israel visit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, is heading to Jordan for talks about the Mideast peace process after meetings in Israel, a senior administration official said on Monday. “Jason Greenblatt arrived in Israel Monday afternoon. Following meetings with Ambassador David Friedman and Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mr. Greenblatt is travelling to Amman, Jordan for additional discussions,” the official said. ",1
2593,Factbox: Trump son-in-law Kushner details contacts with Russians,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner on Monday gave details in a statement made public before his closed-door meeting with the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee about his contacts with Russians during the 2016 election campaign and the presidential transition period. The following are some of the main points in the statement: - Kushner said he became a “point of contact” for foreign countries once it was clear that Trump would be the Republican presidential nominee. Kushner said he had “incoming contacts” with people from roughly 15 countries. “To put these requests in context, I must have received thousands of calls, letters and emails,” he said. - Kushner said he was introduced to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, among other foreign dignitaries, in April 2016  at a Washington hotel where then-candidate Trump was making a speech. He said he shook hands with the dignitaries at the reception. “The ambassadors also expressed interest in creating a positive relationship should we win the election ... Each exchange lasted less than a minute,” he said. - Kushner said he attended a meeting, at the invitation of his brother-in-law Donald Trump Jr., on June 9, 2016, at Trump Tower in New York. Attendees included a Russian lawyer discussing a ban on Americans adopting Russian children. Kushner did not name the lawyer or others in attendance. “No part of the meeting I attended included anything about the campaign, there was no follow up to the meeting that I am aware of, I do not recall how many people were there (or their names), and I have no knowledge of any documents being offered or accepted,” he said. - After Trump won the election, ambassador Kislyak on Nov. 16 invited Kushner to a meeting, Kushner said. He said that at the time, he could not recall the ambassador’s name. When he and Kislyak met at Trump Tower on Dec. 1, Kushner said he asked Kislyak to identify the best person to be a contact for direct discussions and a line to Russian President Vladimir Putin. - Kushner said he met on Dec. 13 with Sergey Gorkov, a Russian banker, for 20-25 minutes and received gifts of a piece of art and a bag of dirt, both from a village in Belarus where Kushner’s grandparents were from. He said he gave the gifts to his assistant to have them registered with the transition office. He said there was no discussion about Russian sanctions. “At no time was there any discussion about my companies, business transactions, real estate projects, loans, banking arrangements or any private business of any kind,” he said. - Kushner said his first security clearance form, which omitted foreign government contacts, was submitted in error by his assistant. He said he sent in a supplemental form the next day, disclosing he had numerous contacts with foreign officials, and provided a list of those contacts “in the normal course.” ",1
2594,Trump son-in-law Kushner's congressional statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - I am voluntarily providing this statement, submitting documents, and sitting for interviews in order to shed light on issues that have been raised about my role in the Trump for President Campaign and during the transition period. I am not a person who has sought the spotlight. First in my business and now in public service, I have worked on achieving goals, and have left it to others to work on media and public perception. Because there has been a great deal of conjecture, speculation, and inaccurate information about me, I am grateful for the opportunity to set the record straight. My Role in the Trump for President Campaign Before joining the administration, I worked in the private sector, building and managing companies. My experience was in business, not politics, and it was not my initial intent to play a large role in my father-in-law’s campaign when he decided to run for President. However, as the campaign progressed, I was called on to assist with various tasks and aspects of the campaign, and took on more and more responsibility.  Over the course of the primaries and general election campaign, my role continued to evolve. I ultimately worked with the finance, scheduling, communications, speechwriting, polling, data and digital teams, as well as becoming a point of contact for foreign government officials. All of these were tasks that I had never performed on a campaign previously. When I was faced with a new challenge, I would reach out to contacts, ask advice, find the right person to manage the specific challenge, and work with that person to develop and execute a plan of action. I was lucky to work with some incredibly talented people along the way, all of whom made significant contributions toward the campaign’s ultimate success. Our nimble culture allowed us to adjust to the ever-changing circumstances and make changes on the fly as the situation warranted. I share this information because these actions should be viewed through the lens of a fast-paced campaign with thousands of meetings and interactions, some of which were impactful and memorable and many of which were not. It is also important to note that a campaign’s success starts with its message and its messenger. Donald Trump had the right vision for America and delivered his message perfectly. The results speak for themselves. Not only did President Trump defeat sixteen skilled and experienced primary opponents and win the presidency; he did so spending a fraction of what his opponent spent in the general election. He outworked his opponent and ran one of the best campaigns in history using both modern technology and traditional methods to bring his message to the American people. Campaign Contacts with Foreign Persons  When it became apparent that my father-in-law was going to be the Republican nominee for President, as normally happens, a number of officials from foreign countries attempted to reach out to the campaign. My father-in-law asked me to be a point of contact with these foreign countries. These were not contacts that I initiated, but, over the course of the campaign, I had incoming contacts with people from approximately 15 countries. To put these requests in context, I must have received thousands of calls, letters and emails from people looking to talk or meet on a variety of issues and topics, including hundreds from outside the United States. While I could not be responsive to everyone, I tried to be respectful of any foreign government contacts with whom it would be important to maintain an ongoing, productive working relationship were the candidate to prevail. To that end, I called on a variety of people with deep experience, such as Dr. Henry Kissinger, for advice on policy for the candidate, which countries/representatives with which the campaign should engage, and what messaging would resonate. In addition, it was typical for me to receive 200 or more emails a day during the campaign. I did not have the time to read every one, especially long emails from unknown senders or email chains to which I was added at some later point in the exchange. With respect to my contacts with Russia or Russian representatives during the campaign, there were hardly any. The first that I can recall was at the Mayflower Hotel in  Washington, D.C. in April 2016. This was when then candidate Trump was delivering a major foreign policy speech. Doing the event and speech had been my idea, and I oversaw its execution. I arrived at the hotel early to make sure all logistics were in order. After that, I stopped into the reception to thank the host of the event, Dimitri Simes, the publisher of the bi-monthly foreign policy magazine, The National Interest, who had done a great job putting everything together. Mr. Simes and his group had created the guest list and extended the invitations for the event. He introduced me to several guests, among them four ambassadors, including Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. With all the ambassadors, including Mr. Kislyak, we shook hands, exchanged brief pleasantries and I thanked them for attending the event and said I hoped they would like candidate Trump’s speech and his ideas for a fresh approach to America’s foreign policy. The ambassadors also expressed interest in creating a positive relationship should we win the election. Each exchange lasted less than a minute; some gave me their business cards and invited me to lunch at their embassies. I never took them up on any of these invitations and that was the extent of the interactions. Reuters news service has reported that I had two calls with Ambassador Kislyak at some time between April and November of 2016. While I participated in thousands of calls during this period, I do not recall any such calls with the Russian Ambassador. We have reviewed the phone records available to us and have not been able to identify any calls to any number we know to be associated with Ambassador Kislyak and I am highly skeptical these calls took place. A comprehensive review of my land line and cell phone records from the time does not reveal those calls. I had no ongoing relationship with the Ambassador before the election, and had limited knowledge about him then. In fact, on November 9, the day after the election, I could not even remember the name of the Russian Ambassador. When the campaign received an email purporting to be an official note of congratulations from President Putin, I was asked how we could verify it was real. To do so I thought the best way would be to ask the only contact I recalled meeting from the Russian government, which was the Ambassador I had met months earlier, so I sent an email asking Mr. Simes, “What is the name of the Russian ambassador?” Through my lawyer, I have asked Reuters to provide the dates on which the calls supposedly occurred or the phone number at which I supposedly reached, or was reached by, Ambassador Kislyak. The journalist refused to provide any corroborating evidence that they occurred. The only other Russian contact during the campaign is one I did not recall at all until I was reviewing documents and emails in response to congressional requests for information. In June 2016, my brother-in-law, Donald Trump Jr. asked if I was free to stop by a meeting on June 9 at 3:00 p.m. The campaign was headquartered in the same building as his office in Trump Tower, and it was common for each of us to swing by the other’s meetings when requested. He eventually sent me his own email changing the time of the meeting to 4:00 p.m. That email was on top of a long back and forth that I did not read at the time. As I did with most emails when I was working remotely, I quickly reviewed on my iPhone the relevant message that the meeting would occur at 4:00 PM at his office. Documents confirm my memory that this was calendared as “Meeting: Don Jr.| Jared Kushner.” No one else was mentioned. I arrived at the meeting a little late. When I got there, the person who has since been identified as a Russian attorney was talking about the issue of a ban on U.S. adoptions of Russian children. I had no idea why that topic was being raised and quickly determined that my time was not well-spent at this meeting. Reviewing emails recently confirmed my memory that the meeting was a waste of our time and that, in looking for a polite way to leave and get back to my work, I actually emailed an assistant from the meeting after I had been there for ten or so minutes and wrote “Can u pls call me on my cell? Need excuse to get out of meeting.” I had not met the attorney before the meeting nor spoken with her since. I thought nothing more of this short meeting until it came to my attention recently. I did not read or recall this email exchange before it was shown to me by my lawyers when reviewing documents for submission to the committees. No part of the meeting I attended included anything about the campaign, there was no follow up to the meeting that I am aware of, I do not recall how many people were there (or their names), and I have no knowledge of any documents being offered or accepted. Finally, after seeing the email, I disclosed this meeting prior to it being reported in the press on a supplement to my security clearance form, even if that was not required as meeting the definitions of the form. There was one more possible contact that I will note. On October 30, 2016, I received a random email from the screenname “Guccifer400.” This email, which I interpreted as a hoax, was an extortion attempt and threatened to reveal candidate Trump’s tax returns and demanded that we send him 52 bitcoins in exchange for not publishing that information. I brought the email to the attention of a U.S. Secret Service agent on the plane we were all traveling on and asked what he thought. He advised me to ignore it and not to reply — which is what I did. The sender never contacted me again. To the best of my recollection, these were the full extent of contacts I had during the campaign with persons who were or appeared to potentially be representatives of the Russian government.  Transition Contacts with Foreign Persons The transition period after the election was even more active than the campaign. Starting on election night, we began to receive an incredible volume of messages and invitations from well-wishers in the United States and abroad. Dozens of messages came from foreign officials seeking to set up foreign leader calls and create lines of communication and relationships with what would be the new administration. During this period, I recall having over fifty contacts with people from over fifteen countries. Two of those meetings were with Russians, neither of which I solicited. On November 16, 2016, my assistant received a request for a meeting from the Russian Ambassador. As I mentioned before, previous to receiving this request, I could not even recall the Russian Ambassador’s name, and had to ask for the name of the individual I had seen at the Mayflower Hotel almost seven months earlier. In addition, far from being urgent, that meeting was not set up for two weeks — on December 1. The meeting occurred in Trump Tower, where we had our transition office, and lasted twenty- thirty minutes. Lt. General Michael Flynn (Ret.), who became the President’s National Security Advisor, also attended. During the meeting, after pleasantries were exchanged, as I had done in many of the meetings I had and would have with foreign officials, I stated our desire for a fresh start in relations. Also, as I had done in other meetings with foreign officials, I asked Ambassador Kislyak if he would identify the best person (whether the Ambassador or someone else) with whom to have direct discussions and who had contact with his President. The fact that I was asking about ways to start a dialogue after Election Day should of course be viewed as strong evidence that I was not aware of one that existed before Election Day. The Ambassador expressed similar sentiments about relations, and then said he especially wanted to address U.S. policy in Syria, and that he wanted to convey information from what he called his “generals.” He said he wanted to provide information that would help inform the new administration. He said the generals could not easily come to the U.S. to convey this information and he asked if there was a secure line in the transition office to conduct a conversation. General Flynn or I explained that there were no such lines. I believed developing a thoughtful approach on Syria was a very high priority given the ongoing humanitarian crisis, and I asked if they had an existing communications channel at his embassy we could use where they would be comfortable transmitting the information they wanted to relay to General Flynn. The Ambassador said that would not be possible and so we all agreed that we would receive this information after the Inauguration. Nothing else occurred. I did not suggest a “secret back channel.” I did not suggest an on-going secret form of communication for then or for when the administration took office. I did not raise the possibility of using the embassy or any other Russian facility for any purpose other than this one possible conversation in the transition period. We did not discuss sanctions. Approximately a week later, on December 6, the Embassy asked if I could meet with the Ambassador on December 7. I declined. They then asked if I could meet on December 6; I declined again. They then asked when the earliest was that I could meet. I declined these requests because I was working on many other responsibilities for the transition. He asked if he could meet my assistant instead and, to avoid offending the Ambassador, I agreed. He did so on December 12. My assistant reported that the Ambassador had requested that I meet with a person named Sergey Gorkov who he said was a banker and someone with a direct line to the Russian President who could give insight into how Putin was viewing the new administration and best ways to work together. I agreed to meet Mr. Gorkov because the Ambassador has been so insistent, said he had a direct relationship with the President, and because Mr. Gorkov was only in New York for a couple days. I made room on my schedule for the meeting that occurred the next day, on December 13. The meeting with Mr. Gorkov lasted twenty to twenty-five minutes. He introduced himself and gave me two gifts — one was a piece of art from Nvgorod, the village where my grandparents were from in Belarus, and the other was a bag of dirt from that same village. (Any notion that I tried to conceal this meeting or that I took it thinking it was in my capacity as a businessman is false. In fact, I gave my assistant these gifts to formally register them with the transition office). After that, he told me a little about his bank and made some statements about the Russian economy. He said that he was friendly with President Putin, expressed disappointment with U.S.-Russia relations under President Obama and hopes for a better relationship in the future. As I did at the meeting with Ambassador Kislyak, I expressed the same sentiments I had with other foreign officials I met. There were no specific policies discussed. We had no discussion about the sanctions imposed by the Obama Administration. At no time was there any discussion about my companies, business transactions, real estate projects, loans, banking arrangements or any private business of any kind. At the end of the short meeting, we thanked each other and I went on to other meetings. I did not know or have any contact with Mr. Gorkov before that meeting, and I have had no reason to connect with him since.  To the best of my recollection, these were the only two contacts I had during the transition with persons who were or appeared to potentially be representatives of the Russian government. Disclosure of Contacts on My Security Clearance Form There has been a good deal of misinformation reported about my SF-86 form. As my attorneys and I have previously explained, my SF-86 application was prematurely submitted due to a miscommunication and initially did not list any contacts (not just with Russians) with foreign government officials. Here are some facts about that form and the efforts I have made to supplement it. In the week before the Inauguration, amid the scramble of finalizing the unwinding of my involvement from my company, moving my family to Washington, completing the paper work to divest assets and resign from my outside positions and complete my security and financial disclosure forms, people at my New York office were helping me find the information, organize it, review it and put it into the electronic form. They sent an email to my assistant in Washington, communicating that the changes to one particular section were complete; my assistant interpreted that message as meaning that the entire form was completed. At that point, the form was a rough draft and still had many omissions including not listing any foreign government contacts and even omitted the address of my father-in-law (which was obviously well known). Because of this miscommunication, my assistant submitted the draft on January 18, 2017. That evening, when we realized the form had been submitted prematurely, we informed the transition team that we needed to make changes and additions to the form. The very next day, January 19, 2017, we submitted supplemental information to the transition, which confirmed receipt and said they would immediately transmit it to the FBI. The supplement disclosed that I had “numerous contacts with foreign officials” and that we were going through my records to provide an accurate and complete list. I provided a list of those contacts in the normal course, before my background investigation interview and prior to any inquiries or media reports about my form. It has been reported that my submission omitted only contacts with Russians. That is not the case. In the accidental early submission of the form, all foreign contacts were omitted. The supplemental information later disclosed over one hundred contacts from more than twenty countries that might be responsive to the questions on the form. These included meetings with individuals such as Jordan’s King Abdullah II, Israel’s Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, Mexico’s Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Luis Videgaray Caso and many more. All of these had been left off before. Over the last six months, I have made every effort to provide the FBI with whatever information is needed to investigate my background. In addition, my attorneys have explained that the security clearance process is one in which supplements are expected and invited. The form itself instructs that, during the interview, the information in the document can be “update(d), clarif(ied), and explain(ed)” as part of the security clearance process. A good example is the June 9 meeting. For reasons that should be clear from the explanation of that meeting I have provided, I did not remember the meeting and certainly did not remember it as one with anyone who had to be included on an SF-86. When documents reviewed for production in connection with committee requests reminded me that meeting had occurred, and because of the language in the email chain that I then read for the first time, I included that meeting on a supplement. I did so even though my attorneys were unable to conclude that the Russian lawyer was a representative of any foreign country and thus fell outside the scope of the form. This supplemental information was also provided voluntarily, well prior to any media inquiries, reporting or request for this information, and it was done soon after I was reminded of the meeting. As I have said from the very first media inquiry, I am happy to share information with the investigating bodies. I have shown today that I am willing to do so and will continue to cooperate as I have nothing to hide. As I indicated, I know there has been a great deal of speculation and conjecture about my contacts with any officials or people from Russia. I have disclosed these contacts and described them as fully as I can recall. The record and documents I am providing will show that I had perhaps four contacts with Russian representatives out of thousands during the campaign and transition, none of which were impactful in any way to the election or particularly memorable. I am very grateful for the opportunity to set the record straight. I also have tried to provide context for my role in the campaign, and I am proud of the candidate that we supported, of the campaign that we ran, and the victory that we achieved. It has been my practice not to appear in the media or leak information in my own defense. I have tried to focus on the important work at hand and serve this President and this country to the best of my abilities. I hope that through my answers to questions, written statements and documents I have now been able to demonstrate the entirety of my limited contacts with Russian representatives during the campaign and transition. I did not collude, nor know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded, with any foreign government. I had no improper contacts. I have not relied on Russian funds to finance my business activities in the private sector. I have tried to be fully transparent with regard to the filing of my SF-86 form, above and beyond what is required. Hopefully, this puts these matters to rest. ",1
2595,Kushner to make statement to the press after speaking to lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner will make a statement from the White House after appearing before the Senate Intelligence committee about his contacts with Russia, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Monday. The statement is likely to be in the 12:00 p.m. hour, she said. ",1
2596,Exclusive: Germany wants more EU sanctions on Russia over Siemens Crimea turbines - sources,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Germany is urging the European Union to add up to four more Russian nationals and companies to the bloc’s sanctions blacklist over Siemens (SIEGn.DE) gas turbines delivered to Moscow-annexed Crimea, two sources in Brussels said.  The EU has barred its firms from doing business with Crimea since the 2014 annexation, imposed sanctions on Russian individuals and entities, and curbed cooperation with Russia in energy, arms and finance over its role in the crisis in Ukraine.  After it annexed Crimea from Kiev, Moscow threw its support behind a separatist rebellion in eastern Ukraine, which has killed more than 10,000 people and is still simmering.  The EU’s blacklist comprises 150 people and 37 entities subject to an asset freeze and a travel ban. The restrictions are in place until Sept. 15. “The regular review would normally be the moment to look at who is on the list. In the past, when there were good grounds, we’ve added entries to the list,” an EU official said.  Siemens, trying to distance itself from the scandal, last week said it was halting deliveries of power equipment to Russian state-controlled customers and reviewing supply deals. Russia’s Energy Minister Alexander Novak played down the potential consequences of a halt. “What Siemens supplies can be delivered by other companies,” Novak told reporters in St Petersburg. “As for electricity generation, we ... have now learnt to produce the necessary equipment,” he said, without referring to the prospect of additional sanctions. Siemens says it has evidence that all four turbines it delivered for a project in southern Russia had been illegally moved to Crimea. German government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer said on Monday the turbines were delivered to Crimea against the terms of the contract and despite high-ranking assurances from Russian officials that this would not happen. Berlin was consulting on what consequences this “unacceptable” operation might have, she said, adding, however, that the onus was on companies to ensure they did not violate the sanctions regime.  The proposed additions to the blacklist could include Russian Energy Ministry officials and the Russian company that moved the turbines to the Black Sea peninsula, one senior diplomatic source in Brussels said. Another source said representatives of all 28 EU member states could discuss the matter for the first time in Brussels as soon as Wednesday.  The EU needs unanimity to impose or extend any sanctions. Hungary, Bulgaria, Italy and Cyprus are among EU states which are usually skeptical of Russia sanctions. They take the line that punitive measures have failed to force a change of course by Moscow while hurting European business. Reuters first reported a year ago on the Siemens case, which has exposed the difficulties of imposing EU sanctions.  ",1
2597,Trump open to signing Russia sanctions legislation: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Sunday that U.S. President Donald Trump was open to signing legislation toughening sanctions on Russia after Senate and House leaders reached agreement on a bill late last week. Congressional Democrats said on Saturday they had agreed with Republicans on a deal allowing new sanctions targeting Russia, Iran and North Korea in a bill that would limit any potential effort by Trump to try to lift sanctions against Moscow. “We support where the legislation is now and will continue working with the House and Senate to put those tough sanctions in place on Russia until the situation in Ukraine is fully resolved and it certainly isn’t right now,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told ABC’s “This Week with George Stephanopoulos” program. A White House official said the administration’s view of the legislation evolved after changes were made, including the addition of sanctions on North Korea.  The official said the administration “supports the direction the bill is headed, but won’t weigh in conclusively until there is a final piece of legislation and no more changes are being made.” Anthony Scaramucci, Trump’s new communications director, said Trump had not yet decided whether he would sign the bill. “My guess is ... that he’s going to make that decision shortly,” Scaramucci told CNN’s “State of the Union.” Trump has faced resistance from Republican and Democratic lawmakers for his pledge to pursue warmer relations with Moscow. His administration has been bogged down by investigations of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Russia. Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia. With the bill, Republicans and Democrats are seeking to punish Russia for its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and for meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied any interference in the U.S. democratic process last year. The House is expected to vote on the sanctions bill on Tuesday. The legislation would require the president to submit to Congress a report on proposed actions that would “significantly alter” U.S. policy toward Russia, including easing sanctions or returning diplomatic properties in Maryland and New York that former President Barack Obama ordered vacated in December. Congress would have at least 30 days to hold hearings and then vote to uphold or reject Trump’s proposed changes. If Trump were to veto the bill, he would run the risk of an embarrassing political setback if Congress were to override his veto. In recent weeks, Trump administration officials have met with lawmakers to argue against parts of the Senate version of the bill, including the requirement that Trump obtain Congress’ permission before easing sanctions. The sanctions bill, known as the Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, was passed by the Senate a month ago but held up in the House of Representatives after Republicans proposed including sanctions on North Korea.  Lawmakers, including Republican Senator John Thune and Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Sunday the bill had broad bipartisan support.  “I think (it) will pass probably overwhelmingly again in the Senate and with a veto-proof majority,” Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told “Fox News Sunday.” In Brussels, the European Union has sounded an alarm about the U.S. moves to step up sanctions on Russia, urging Washington to coordinate with its Group of 7 partners. The European Commission, the EU executive, will consider its next steps at a meeting on Wednesday in Brussels if Trump signs the bill into law, and is willing to consider retaliation, according to an EU official. After warning against unilateral U.S. sanctions at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is concerned Congress’ legislation could hit European companies upgrading pipelines in Russia that feed into Ukraine’s gas transit system. The measures could also target European companies doing legitimate business with Russia in rail transport, financial, shipping and mining, the EU official said. Any significant EU retaliation would need the support, however, of the EU’s 28 governments and would face resistance from members of the bloc, such as Britain and Hungary, that are reluctant to upset the Trump administration. ",1
2598,Proposed new U.S. sanctions ruse to force Russia from EU energy market: TASS cites Putin ally,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Proposed new U.S. sanctions against Russia look like an attempt to squeeze Moscow out of the European energy market, Valentina Matviyenko, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin said on Monday, the TASS news agency reported.  Matviyenko is speaker of the Federation Council, Russia’s upper house of parliament. She was speaking after the White House said on Sunday that U.S. President Donald Trump was open to signing new legislation after Senate and House leaders reached agreement on a sanctions bill late last week. ",1
2599,Kremlin frets U.S. sanctions may hurt European projects like Nord Stream 2,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday it was worried that proposed new U.S. sanctions against Moscow could hurt major investment projects with European partners, but said it was premature to say if and how it would retaliate. The White House said on Sunday that U.S. President Donald Trump was open to signing legislation toughening sanctions on Russia after Senate and House leaders reached agreement on a bill late last week. That has raised concerns in Germany which has already threatened to retaliate against the United States if the new sanctions end up penalising German firms, such as those involved with building Nord Stream 2, a project to build a pipeline carrying Russian gas across the Baltic. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call Moscow was worried that U.S. sanctions could hit third countries, as well as Russia, hard. “We are working with our European partners on implementing a number of large-scale projects,” said Peskov, when asked about the possible impact of the new U.S. sanctions on projects like  Nord Stream 2. “It goes without saying that we and our European partners attach great importance to finishing these projects and we will work towards this,” he said. “That is why discussions about ‘sanctions themes’ — which could potentially obstruct these projects — are a cause of concern for us.” Peskov said the Kremlin took “an extremely negative view” of the proposed new sanctions, calling the rhetoric surrounding them counter-productive and damaging to U.S.-Russia ties. But he said Moscow was for now ready to wait and see what the final shape of the sanctions might be. “As for the Washington administration’s stance on sanctions, we have seen some corrections to it,” said Peskov. “We will wait patiently ... until this position has been formulated unambiguously.” Separately, Peskov declined to comment on reports that the European Union might discuss new sanctions against Moscow over its delivery of Siemens turbines to sanctioned Crimea. Reuters on Monday quoted two diplomatic sources in Brussels as saying that Germany was urging the European Union to add up to four more Russian nationals and companies to the bloc’s sanctions blacklist over Siemens gas turbines delivered to Moscow-annexed Crimea. ",1
2600,EU divided on how to answer new U.S. sanctions against Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission preparations to retaliate against proposed new U.S. sanctions on Russia that could affect European firms are likely to face resistance within a bloc divided on how to deal with Moscow, diplomats, officials and experts say. A bill agreed by U.S. Senate and House leaders foresees fines for companies aiding Russia to build energy export pipelines. EU firms involved in Nord Stream 2, a 9.5 billion euro ($11.1 billion) project to carry Russian gas across the Baltic, are likely to be affected. Both the European Union and the United States imposed broad economic sanctions on Russia’s financial, defense and energy sectors in response to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and its direct support for separatists in eastern Ukraine. But northern EU states in particular have sought to shield the supplies of Russian gas that they rely on.  Markus Beyrer, director of the EU’s main business lobby, Business Europe, urged Washington to “avoid unilateral actions that would mainly hit the EU, its citizens and its companies”. The Commission, the EU executive, will discuss next steps on Wednesday, a day after the U.S. House of Representatives votes on the legislation, knowing that the U.S. move threatens to reopen divisions over the bloc’s own Russia sanctions. Among the European companies involved in Nord Stream 2 are German oil and gas group Wintershall, German energy trading firm Uniper, Anglo-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, Austria’s OMV and France’s Engie. The Commission could demand a formal U.S. promise to exclude EU energy companies; use EU laws to block U.S. measures against European entities; or impose outright bans on doing business with certain U.S. companies, an EU official said. But if no such promise is offered, punitive sanctions such as limiting the access of U.S. companies to EU banks require unanimity from the 28 EU member states. Ex-Soviet states such as Poland and the Baltic states are unlikely to vote for retaliation to protect a project they have resisted because it would increase EU dependence on Russian gas. An EU official said most member states saw Nord Stream 2 as “contrary or at least not fully in line with European objectives” of reducing reliance on Russian energy. Britain, one of the United States’ closest allies, is also wary of challenging the U.S. Congress as it prepares to leave the EU and seeks a trade deal with Washington. In fact, the EU’s chief executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, has few tools that do not require unanimous support from the bloc’s 28 governments. The Commission could act alone to file a complaint at the World Trade Organisation. But imposing punitive tariffs on U.S. goods would require detailed proof to be gathered that European companies were being unfairly disadvantaged - a process that would take many months. Diplomatic protests such as cutting EU official visits to Washington are unlikely to have much effect, since requests by EU commissioners for meetings with members of Trump’s administration have gone unanswered, EU aides say. As if to highlight the confusion in the EU’s position, two sources in Brussels told Reuters that Germany was urging the EU to add up to four more Russian nationals and companies to the bloc’s own sanctions blacklist, after evidence emerged that gas turbines built by Germany’s Siemens had been delivered to Crimea in contravention of sanctions. As the EU’s trade with Russia has tumbled, keeping unity to maintain the sanctions has been strained by rival business interests that have been worsened by a perceived lack of U.S. leadership since President Donald Trump entered the White House in January. However, the White House said on Sunday that Trump was open to signing the bill once it is agreed. Meanwhile there is little or no sign that the Western sanctions have had any tangible effect in Ukraine, as the Russian-backed rebellion in the country’s industrial east continues unabated.  ($1 = 0.8582 euros) ",1
2601,EU activates 'all diplomatic channels' over new U.S. sanctions on Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission is concerned about new U.S. sanctions on Russia that could impact Europe’s energy security and has activated “all diplomatic channels” to resolve the issue. U.S. Republicans and Democrats reached a deal on legislation to allow new sanctions against Russia, which has led to concerns in Europe of “unintended consequences”. “We are following this process with some concern regarding the European Union’s energy independence and our energy security interests. We are activating all diplomatic channels to address these concerns from these U.S. measures with our U.S. counterparts,” a Commission spokesman told a news conference.  “For us, G7 unity regarding sanctions is of key importance as is respect of the implementation of the Minsk agreement. We in the European Union will have interests in these discussions and we expect those interests to be addressed by the free legislative process which is ongoing in the U.S,” the spokesman said. ",1
2602,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 24) - Chuck Schumer, Adam Schiff, Obamacare","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it’s actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News! [0640 EDT] - After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that “Democrats should blame ourselves, not Russia.” [0652 EDT] - Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into “Russia,” spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse! [0912 EDT] - Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it. [0918 EDT] - Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... [1615 EDT] - Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare!  Remarks: (link: 45.wh.gov/Nn9Wsz) [1733 PM] - #2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & CHERISH your country!  [2113 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2603,"Kushner, in statement, says 'I did not collude' with foreign government","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior White House adviser Jared Kushner said in a statement to congressional committees on Monday that he “did not collude” with Russia or seek back channels with Moscow last year. “I did not collude, nor know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded, with any foreign government,” Kushner said in a written statement released before his appearance in closed-door meetings with members of the U.S. Congress. “I had no improper contacts. I have not relied on Russian funds to finance my business activities in the private sector,” he said. Kushner said he had “perhaps four contacts with Russian representatives” during the 2016 campaign and presidential transition period after Trump’s victory. ",1
2604,Donald Trump Jr. adds Washington lawyer to legal team,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The president’s oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., has added a lawyer with congressional experience to his legal team, the lawyer told Reuters on Sunday. Trump Jr. has hired Karina Lynch of the law firm Williams and Jensen, Lynch confirmed in an email to Reuters. She did not respond to queries about what her role in the team would be. ABC News reported the hiring earlier on Sunday. Trump Jr. also hired Alan Futerfas as a lawyer after reports detailed meetings last year between Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer. Trump Jr., his father’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and one of his senior advisers, met with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June 2016. That meeting was held in Trump Tower in New York after the lawyer offered damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential connections between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. Lynch’s biography on her law firm website describes her as having experience on the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. She was also investigative counsel to Senator Charles Grassley, according to her law firm biography. The Senate Judiciary Committee said on Friday that Trump Jr. and Manafort had agreed to negotiate whether to be interviewed by the panel in its Russia investigation. ",1
2605,Republican strategy on healthcare bill in flux ahead of vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senate leaders aim to hold a procedural vote as early as Tuesday to take up legislation to repeal or replace Obamacare, but it remained unclear which version of the bill senators would vote on. President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans campaigned on a pledge to roll back former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told “Fox News Sunday” the initial vote was simply a way to open debate on the bill so that senators from both parties could offer amendments. “The first vote, which will occur sometime this week, will be to proceed to the consideration of that legislation and to at least have a debate where we can have an open amendment process,” Thune said. The Republican-controlled House in May passed its version of a healthcare bill. Senate Republicans have considered two versions of related legislation but have been unable to reach consensus after estimates showed as many as 22 million fewer Americans would be insured if the proposals became law. A plan to repeal Obamacare without replacing it also ran aground. Republicans control a narrow majority in the Senate, holding 52 of 100 seats. With the Democrats united in opposition to the Republican effort, Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can only afford to lose the votes of two Republican senators. The fate of any legislation to rewrite Obamacare is uncertain as many Republicans have not yet made clear their positions. “It appears we’ll have a vote on Tuesday but we don’t know whether we’ll be voting on the House bill, the first version of the Senate bill, the second version of the Senate bill,” Republican Senator Susan Collins told CBS’ “Face the Nation” on Sunday. Collins is a moderate Republican who has objected to prior versions of the Senate bill and also to repealing Obamacare without replacing it. Trump suggested last week that he was fine with letting Obamacare fail, but he then switched course and invited Republican senators to the White House to try to hash out a healthcare deal. The Republican effort has also been complicated by the absence of Republican Senator John McCain, who has been diagnosed with brain cancer and has been in his home state of Arizona weighing treatment options. ",1
2606,New Trump communications director promises crackdown on media leaks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Anthony Scaramucci, President Donald Trump’s new communications director, said on Sunday that one of his first tasks will be to halt leaks and that staff on his team would be fired if the leaks do not stop. “If we don’t get the leaks stopped, I am a businessperson, and so I will take dramatic action to stop those leaks,” Scaramucci said on Fox News Sunday. Scaramucci told CBS’s Face the Nation that leakers are “actually un-American,” and that he would lead a team meeting on Monday.  The hiring of Scaramucci, a Wall Street financier and Republican fundraiser, brings a combative style to the White House press office as President Donald Trump lashes out at probes into whether his campaign colluded with Russians during the 2016 campaign. Special counsel Robert Mueller is looking into any relationships or contacts between Trump campaign officials and Russia during the election, but Trump has not been accused of any wrongdoing by federal investigators.   White House press secretary Sean Spicer, who became a household name in his short and turbulent drama-filled term, quickly resigned after Scaramucci’s appointment. Sarah Sanders, Spicer’s deputy, was promoted to press secretary. Scaramucci was forced to deal with leaks on his first days on the job after The Washington Post reported last week that Trump and his legal team had examined presidential powers to pardon aides, family members and potentially himself. Trump wrote on Twitter on Saturday that leaks against the administration are a “crime” and that he has “complete power to pardon.” Scaramucci said Trump only tweeted about the issue of pardons in reaction to the leak. Trump “doesn’t like the fact that he has a two-minute conversation in the Oval Office or in his study and that people are running out and leaking,” about the administration examining legal options of pardons, Scaramucci, who reports directly to Trump, said on CBS. “There’s no need for him to pardon anybody,” he said.     And Scaramucci, who has at times supported Democrats, spent part of the weekend deleting some of his own past tweets on subjects that run counter to Trump administration policy, such as taking action on climate change. Explaining the deletions, Scaramucci wrote on Twitter that “past views evolved & shouldn’t be a distraction.”       ",1
2607,Russia to blame for 'hot war' in Ukraine: U.S. special envoy,"KIEV (Reuters) - Russian aggression is to blame for violence in eastern Ukraine, where people are dying in what should be seen as a “hot war” rather than a “frozen conflict”, the U.S. special envoy to the Ukraine peace talks said on a visit to Ukraine on Sunday. Kurt Volker, a former U.S. ambassador to NATO, was appointed to his current role on July 7 to help resolve the conflict between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian separatists, which has  killed more than 10,000 people since 2014.   Washington cites the conflict as a key obstacle to better relations with Russia.  On a visit to the Ukrainian-held town of Kramatorsk, 690 km (430 miles) southeast of Kiev, Volker said he would prepare a set of recommendations on how Washington can better engage with the peace process. “This is not a frozen conflict, this is a hot war, and it’s an immediate crisis that we all need to address as quickly as possible,” he said. Relations between Ukraine and Russia went into freefall after Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and the subsequent outbreak of a pro-Russian insurgency in the eastern Donbass region. Ukraine accuses Russian of sending in its own soldiers and military equipment, which Moscow denies. Volker replied in the affirmative when asked whether he saw the conflict as being as the result of Russian aggression rather than internal Ukrainian factors. “We’ve seen what’s happened, we understand the way this conflict has begun, we understand the way it is being managed today, and that’s why it’s important that the United States become more engaged.” Fighting in the Donbass region has killed 12 people in a particularly bloody week, prompting Germany and France to urge immediate progress in implementing ceasefire agreements signed in Belarus in 2015 that are regularly flouted.  Leaders of France, Germany, Ukraine and Russia will speak by phone on Monday to discuss the conflict.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in early July that Russia must make the first move to bring peace to Ukraine, which President Petro Poroshenko called a powerful signal of Washington’s backing. A career diplomat, Volker is a former aide to Republican Senator John McCain, a Russia hawk who wants the United States to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine, a move the previous administration under Barack Obama shied away from. ",1
2608,"Russian envoy, at heart of U.S. investigations, ends tenure in Washington","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia’s ambassador to Washington Sergei Kislyak, a key figure in ongoing U.S. investigations into Moscow’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election, ended his tenure on Saturday. The Russian embassy in Washington said on its Twitter feed that Minister-Counseler and Deputy Chief of Mission Denis V. Gonchar would serve as Charge d’Affaires until Kislyak’s successor arrived. Kislyak, who held the post since 2008, is expected to be replaced by Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov. Antonov’s nomination for the post, which has yet to be approved by the Kremlin, comes at a time of intense scrutiny over Moscow-Washington relations following U.S. allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. election last year. Kislyak’s name has emerged in relation to several of Trump’s associates as a special counsel and congressional panels investigate Russian meddling and possible ties with the Trump campaign.      On Friday, the Washington Post reported Kislyak was overheard by U.S. spy agencies telling his bosses he had discussed campaign-related matters, including issues important to Moscow, with Jeff Sessions during the 2016 presidential race. As Attorney General, Sessions recused himself in March from matters connected to an investigation by the FBI following his admission he had talked to the Russian envoy. Sessions has denied discussing campaign issues with Russian officials and has said he only met Kislyak in his role of U.S. senator. Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign in February after it became known that he had failed to disclose the content of conversations he had with Kislyak and misled the vice president about their meetings. Trump’s senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner also failed to disclose contacts with Russia when seeking his security clearance, the New York Times reported in April. The White House disclosed in March that Kushner met with Kislyak at Trump Tower in December 2016, in addition to seeing Kislyak when he attended an April 2016 campaign speech in Washington. The White House said the December meeting was to establish “a line of communication.” Kushner also had phone calls with Kislyak between April and November 2016, Reuters reported. Kushner’s attorney has said that Kushner had “no recollection” of the calls as he had participated in “thousands of calls in this time period.” Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia. The White House said this week Trump would nominate Jon Huntsman as his new ambassador to Russia. ",1
2609,NSA chief on Russia-U.S. cyber unit: Now is 'not the best time',"ASPEN, Colo. (Reuters) - National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers on Saturday rebuffed the prospect for a U.S.-Russia cyber unit, a proposal which has been greeted with incredulity by several senior U.S. lawmakers and which President Donald Trump himself appeared to back down from after initially indicating interest. U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election by hacking Democrats’ emails and distributing online propaganda to help Trump win the election over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump has said that  his campaign did not collude with Russia. A Russian presidential envoy said this week that Moscow and Washington were in talks to create a joint cyber security working group. Asked whether it was a good idea to set up a cyber security cell with the Russians, Rogers told the annual Aspen Security Forum: “I’m not a policy guy here. .... I would argue now is probably not the best time to be doing this.” Trump said earlier this month that he had discussed the idea of creating such a group with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Group of 20 summit in Hamburg. Senior Republicans criticized the idea, saying Moscow could not be trusted, and Trump later appeared to back away, saying in a post on Twitter: “The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn’t mean I think it can happen. It can’t.” Widespread concern and confusion about the possible cyber working group reflects the Trump administration’s struggles to articulate a clear approach to international cyber security issues amid inconsistent statements by the president and ongoing personnel changes. Rogers said such a unit was “something that you might want to build over time were we to see changes in (Russia’s) behavior.” (Story refiled to amend dateline) ",1
2610,"U.S. lawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill, creating limits for Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans and Democrats have reached agreement on legislation that allows new sanctions against Russia, Iran and North Korea, leading congressional Democrats said on Saturday, in a bill that would limit any potential effort by President Donald Trump to try to lift sanctions against Moscow.      The Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, which was passed by the Senate a month ago, was held up in the House of Representatives after Republicans proposed including North Korea sanctions in the bill. The House is set to vote on Tuesday on a package of bills on sanctions covering Russia, Iran and North Korea, according to House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s office. The measure will “hold them accountable for their dangerous actions,” McCarthy said in a statement Saturday. Under the proposed bill, Trump must submit to Congress a report on proposed actions that would “significantly alter” U.S. foreign policy in connection with Russia, including easing sanctions or returning diplomatic properties in Maryland and New York that former President Barack Obama ordered vacated in December. Congress would have at least 30 days to hold hearings and then vote to uphold or reject Trump’s proposed changes. Many lawmakers hope the bill will send a message to Trump to keep a strong line against Russia.  Trump, who met Putin at the Group of 20 summit in Hamburg earlier this month and said it was an “honor” to meet him, has been criticized for seeking to reset U.S.-Russian relations. His administration has been bogged down by ongoing investigations of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Russia. With the bill, Republicans and Democrats are seeking to punish Russia for its 2014 annexation of Crimea, a peninsula belong to Ukraine, and for meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Putin has denied any meddling in the U.S. democratic process last year. Trump has said that his campaign did not collude with Russia. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Russia’s “outrageous and unacceptable” behavior in the 2016 U.S. election and in Europe “demand that we have strong statutory sanctions enacted as soon as possible.” Even so, she expressed concerns that by including North Korea the legislation could face procedural delays in the Senate. Senior Republican lawmakers did not immediately comment on the latest bill. In Brussels, the European Union sounded an alarm about the U.S. moves to step up sanctions on Russia, urging Washington to coordinate with its Group of 7 partners.  The European Commission, the EU’s executive body, warned of possibly “wide and indiscriminate” “unintended consequences,” notably on the EU’s efforts to diversify energy sources away from Russia. McCarthy and Ed Royce, chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said in a statement the revised bill helps “bolster the energy security of our European allies by maintaining their access to key energy resources outside of Russia.” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said a strong sanctions bill “is essential,” and said in a statement that he expects “the House and Senate will act on this legislation promptly, on a broad bipartisan basis.” Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the agreement was reached after “intense negotiations.” “A nearly united Congress is poised to send President Putin a clear message on behalf of the American people and our allies, and we need President Trump to help us deliver that message,” he said in a statement. ",1
2611,"EU sounds alarm, urges U.S. to coordinate on Russia sanctions","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union sounded an alarm on Saturday about moves in the U.S. Congress to step up U.S. sanctions on Russia, urging Washington to keep coordinating with its G7 partners and warning of unintended consequences.  In a statement by a spokeswoman after Republicans and Democrats in the U.S. Congress reached a deal that could see new legislation pass, the European Commission warned of possibly “wide and indiscriminate” “unintended consequences”, notably on the EU’s efforts to diversify energy sources away from Russia. Germany has already warned of possible retaliation if the United States moves to sanction German firms involved with building a new Baltic pipeline for Russian gas.  EU diplomats are concerned that a German-U.S. row over the Nord Stream 2 pipeline being built by Russia’s state-owned Gazprom could complicate efforts in Brussels to forge an EU consensus on negotiating with Russia over the project. “We highly value the unity that is prevailing among international partners in our approach towards Russia’s action in Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions. This unity is the guarantee of the efficiency and credibility of our measures,” the Commission said in its statement. “We understand that the Russia/Iran sanctions bill is driven primarily by domestic considerations,” it went on, referring to a bill passed in the U.S. Senate last month and to which lawmakers said on Saturday they had unblocked further obstacles. “As we have said repeatedly, it is important that any possible new measures are coordinated between international partners to maintain unity among partners on the sanctions that has been underpinning the efforts for full implementation of the Minsk Agreements,” the Commission said, referring to an accord struck with Moscow to try to end the conflicts in Ukraine. “We are concerned the measures discussed in the U.S. Congress could have unintended consequences, not only when it comes to Transatlantic/G7 unity, but also on EU economic and energy security interests. This impact could be potentially wide and indiscriminate, including when it comes to energy sources diversification efforts. “Sanctions are at their most effective when they are coordinated. Currently our sanctions regimes are coordinated. As a result their impact on the ground is increased and through coordination we are able to avoid surprises, manage potential impact on our own economic operators and address collectively efforts to circumvent such measures. Unilateral measures would undermine this,” the Commission said.  “We therefore call on the U.S. Congress/authorities to engage with the partners, including the EU, to ensure coordination and to avoid any unintended consequences of the measures discussed.” ",1
2612,Trump talks pardons amid probes of Russia role in U.S. election,"NORFOLK, Va. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump declared on Saturday that he has “complete power to pardon,” as his administration confronts ongoing investigations of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Russia. In a series of early morning Twitter messages, Trump aired renewed frustration with his attorney general, the special counsel leading the Russia probe, and Republicans in Congress who are struggling to advance his legislative agenda. But Trump’s comment about pardons, tucked into an attack on the media, raised the possibility that he was considering his options if the investigations do not turn out the way he hopes.      Trump did not specify who, if anyone, he might consider pardoning. His tweets appeared to be written in response to a report by The Washington Post this week that Trump and his legal team have examined presidential powers to pardon Trump aides, family members and possibly even himself. Reuters has not confirmed the newspaper accounts. “While all agree the U.S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us. FAKE NEWS,” Trump wrote. The Washington Post, citing current and former U.S. officials, reported on Friday that Russia’s ambassador to the United States was overheard by U.S. spy agencies telling his bosses that he had discussed campaign-related matters with Trump adviser Jeff Sessions last year, when Sessions was a U.S. senator.  Sessions now leads the Justice Department as Trump’s attorney general. “These illegal leaks...must stop,” Trump tweeted. At the Senate confirmation hearings for his Cabinet position, Sessions initially failed to disclose his 2016 contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak and later said they were not about the campaign. In March, Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe. During an interview with The New York Times this week, Trump lashed out at Sessions, saying he would not have chosen him for attorney general had he known Sessions would recuse himself. Trump, who defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in last year’s presidential election but continues to use her as a foil, questioned why Sessions and special counsel Robert Mueller were not investigating former FBI Director James Comey or Clinton, for her email practices as secretary of state. “So many people are asking why isn’t the A.G. or Special Counsel looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 emails deleted...,” he tweeted. Scholars have raised questions about the scope of the president’s legal authority in issuing pardons. If Trump moved to pardon himself sometime in the future, the U.S. Supreme Court might have to decide on the constitutionality, some have speculated.  Trump has not been accused of any wrongdoing by federal investigators who are probing alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Mueller is looking into any relationships or contacts between Trump campaign officials and Russians during the election. Congressional committees also are exploring Russia’s influence on the U.S. election. Trump traveled on Saturday to Norfolk, Virginia, where he spoke at a commissioning ceremony for the aircraft carrier the USS Gerald R. Ford, named for the Republican president who held the White House from 1974-1977. In his remarks, Trump made no mention of the Russia controversy, focusing his speech on the need for more robust U.S. military spending. After the trip, Trump retreated to his golf course near Washington and had lunch with his chief of staff, Reince Priebus, policy adviser Stephen Miller and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife, a White House official said.  Priebus’s presence in the entourage came a day after Trump named a new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, reportedly over Priebus’s objections. The weekend trip comes ahead of a busy week of Russia-related activity.   The Senate Judiciary Committee said on Friday that Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort had agreed to negotiate whether to be interviewed by the panel in its Russia investigation. Trump Jr., Manafort and Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and now one of his senior advisers, all met with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June 2016. That meeting was held in Trump Tower in New York after the lawyer offered damaging information about Clinton. The White House is also working on Trump’s campaign promise to U.S. healthcare system.   In his Saturday tweets, Trump had words for Republican senators who have not been able to agree on a way forward to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, which has become known as Obamacare and which Trump promised to do away with as president. “The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!” he tweeted. ",1
2613,U.S. investigators seek to turn Manafort in Russia probe: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. investigators examining money laundering accusations against President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort hope to push him to cooperate with their probe into possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia, two sources with direct knowledge of the investigation said.     Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team is examining Manafort’s financial and real estate records in New York as well as his involvement in Ukrainian politics, the officials said.      Between 2006 and 2013, Manafort bought three New York properties, including one in Trump Tower in Manhattan. He paid for them in full and later took out mortgages against them. A former senior U.S. law enforcement official said that tactic is often used as a means to hide the origin of funds gained illegally. Reuters has no independent evidence that Manafort did this.       The sources also did not say whether Mueller has uncovered any evidence to charge Manafort with money laundering, but they said doing so is seen by investigators as critical in getting his full cooperation in their investigation.     “If Mueller’s team can threaten criminal charges against Manafort, they could use that as leverage to convince him to cooperate,” said one of the sources.     Manafort’s spokesman, Jason Maloni, said, “Paul Manafort is not a cooperating witness. Once again there is no truth to the disinformation put forth by anonymous sources and leakers.”      Manafort is seen as a key figure in the investigation because of his senior role in the campaign and his participation in a June 2016 meeting that included the president’s son, Donald Trump Jr., close adviser Jared Kushner and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.  The meeting was called after the lawyer offered damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.      Mueller’s team asked the White House on Friday to preserve all of its communications about that meeting. Mueller is examining contacts between Russian officials and Trump associates during and after the Nov. 8 presidential election as part of a broader investigation into whether Russia tried to sway the election in favor of Trump.     Manafort became Trump’s campaign manager in June 2016 but was forced to resign two months later amid reports of his business relationship with the Kremlin-backed former Ukrainian leader, Viktor Yanukovich.     Manafort previously worked as a consultant to a pro-Russia political party in Ukraine and helped support Yanukovich. According to a financial audit reported by the New York Times, he also once owed $17 million to Russian shell companies.     Former Southern District of New York U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara was investigating Manafort’s real estate dealings before he was fired by Trump in March, and Mueller has now assumed control of that investigation, one of the sources said.      Bharara was not available for comment on his investigation on Friday. ",1
2614,Trump's new hire Scaramucci makes conciliatory debut with media,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If President Donald Trump, who refers to the media as “fake news,” wants his staff to use a more conciliatory approach with journalists, new communications director Anthony Scaramucci may be implementing such a shift - for now. The Wall Street financier and Republican fundraiser walked into the White House briefing room on Friday and immediately did what Sean Spicer, the outgoing press secretary, did not do on his first day in January: engage, in a friendly manner, with reporters. Wearing a blue tie and an American flag pin on a dark suit, Scaramucci bantered with correspondents, pledged to be transparent and even made respectful remarks about CNN, the cable network with which Trump and Spicer have sparred repeatedly. He made fun of himself, joking about his short stature and apologizing to Trump from the podium for having called the New York businessman a hack politician in 2015. “He brings it up every 15 seconds, all right?” Scaramucci said to laughter, referring to the president. “I should have never said that about him. So, Mr. President, if you’re listening, I personally apologize for the 50th time for saying that.” Trump was probably listening. Reporters peppered Scaramucci with questions on press-related issues that have dogged the relationship between the Trump presidency and the journalists that cover it. Did he support having briefings televised? “I obviously am committed to being transparent because I’m standing here. But I’d like to talk that over with the president,” he said. He noted that CNN had apologized when it reported something false about him and that he had accepted the apology. “There feels like there’s a little bit of media bias, and so what we hope we can do is de-escalate that and turn that around. And let’s let the message from the president get out there to the American people,” he said. He announced the new press secretary to take over from Spicer, who resigned earlier on Friday, would be Sarah Sanders.  Spicer’s debut at the White House podium in January featured a long scolding of reporters for their portrayal of Trump’s Inauguration Day crowd numbers. Asked on Friday whether he agreed with Trump’s contention, for which there is no evidence, that 3 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election, Scaramucci answered carefully. “So if the president says it, let me do more research on it, but my guess is that there’s probably some level of truth to that,” he said. “I think what we have found sometimes the president says stuff, some of you guys in the media think it’s not true or it isn’t true, and it turns out it’s closer to the truth than people think.” ",1
2615,Scaramucci awaits U.S. approval for China deal,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anthony Scaramucci, the Trump administration’s new communications director, has yet to get approval from U.S. regulators to sell his hedge fund firm to a group led by Chinese conglomerate HNA, according to a person familiar with the matter. Scaramucci agreed in January to sell SkyBridge Capital LLC to clear the way for a job working with U.S. President Donald Trump. That role finally materialized on Friday when Trump shook up his administration, prompting the resignation of White House spokesman Sean Spicer. But the sale of SkyBridge has yet to get the green light from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), which reviews acquisitions by foreign entities for potential national security risks. Many of the heads of the government departments and agencies comprising CFIUS are political appointees, and it is chaired by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.  Scaramucci told Reuters in May that he expected the sale of SkyBridge to get U.S. regulatory approvals in June. A representative of SkyBridge did not respond to a request for comment on Friday. Reuters reported this week that CFIUS has become increasingly reluctant to approve deals. The president has the power to veto recommendations made by CFIUS although this has never happened before. HNA is among a number of acquisitive Chinese firms currently under a spotlight in China over the potential risks from domestic companies going on overseas buying sprees. Best known as the owner of Hainan Airlines Co (600221.SS), HNA group plans to acquire a majority stake in SkyBridge through its financial arm HNA Capital as part of an expansion into asset management.   Scaramucci told Reuters in May that he had, separate from the sale of his business, discussed partnerships with HNA. ",1
2616,White House spokesman Spicer out as Trump seeks to fix image,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigned on Friday, ending a short and turbulent tenure that made him a household name and the butt of late-night television comedy lampoons, amid further upheaval within President Donald Trump’s inner circle. While not a surprise, Spicer’s departure was abrupt and accompanied other changes in Trump’s media and legal teams, as an investigation of possible ties between his campaign and Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election widened. After six months in power and still without a major legislative win, Trump shuffled some of his closest staff, parting ways with Spicer after naming Anthony Scaramucci as the new White House communications director. Spicer had been communications director as well as press secretary following the resignation of Mike Dubke as director early last month. A Republican close to the White House told Reuters that Trump settled on Scaramucci, 53, a political supporter and former Goldman Sachs banker, for the head media job on Thursday and met with him on Friday morning to formally offer it to him. A White House official briefed on what happened next said Spicer was told of Scaramucci’s hiring and Trump urged Spicer to stay on. But Spicer, 45, said he did not want to stay on under the terms and conditions described to him and quit. A source close to the White House said: “Basically Donald Trump likes Scaramucci on TV and saw the communications director job as a way to ... make him a top TV surrogate.” The source said Trump wanted Spicer to be press secretary and do much of the communications director’s work as well, “with Scaramucci holding the ceremonial title with no responsibility. And that was the real challenge.” At an early afternoon briefing, Scaramucci, in his debut before the White House press corps, named Sarah Sanders as the new press secretary. She had been Spicer’s deputy. Known by insiders as “Mooch,” the new communications director is a Harvard Law School-educated Long Islander who founded a hedge fund after leaving Goldman, and sold it to join the Trump administration.  Spicer, a veteran Washington staffer, was parodied memorably by actress Melissa McCarthy on the “Saturday Night Live” TV comedy show for his combative encounters with reporters. “I am grateful for Sean’s work on behalf of my administration and the American people,” Trump said in a statement. “I wish him continued success as he moves on to pursue new opportunities. Just look at his great television ratings.” Spicer will stay on the job through August. From the start, Spicer invited controversy, attacking the media in his first appearance as press secretary for reporting what he called inaccurate crowd numbers at Trump’s Jan. 20 inauguration. “This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the globe,” he said, an assertion that quickly drew scorn. In a Twitter post on Friday, Spicer wrote, “It’s been an honor & privilege to serve @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & this amazing country. I will continue my service through August.” Before Trump tapped him for the job of press secretary, Spicer was the Republican National Committee’s spokesman. He had previously worked in the administration of former President George W. Bush. During that time, he dressed up in an Easter Bunny costume for the annual White House Easter Egg Roll. Spicer and other Trump aides shook up White House dealings with the media, including cutting back daily televised news briefings and replacing them with audio briefings only. Scaramucci told reporters, “I love the president. ... It’s an honor to be here.” Asked how he was going to right the White House ship, Scaramucci said there was nothing to fix.  “The ship is going in the right direction. I like the team. Let me rephrase that: I love the team,” he said. Separately, Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating the possible Trump-Russia ties, has asked White House officials to preserve any records of a meeting last year between the president’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and a Russian lawyer, a source with knowledge of the request said on Friday. The spokesman for Trump’s outside legal team, Mark Corallo, resigned. His departure came amid media reports that the role of Marc Kasowitz, who had been leading the team, was being reduced. On Thursday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions brushed off sharp criticism from Trump, saying he loved his job and planned to stay in it. Trump took a broad swipe at his administration’s top law officers this week in a New York Times interview, saying he would not have appointed Sessions as attorney general if he had known he would recuse himself. White House unrest was not limited to communications and legal staff, said two officials familiar with the situation. Trump has ignored the recommendations of national security adviser H.R. McMaster and his senior director for Russia, Fiona Hill, on dealing with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity. They said McMaster is frustrated by continuing debate about sending more U.S. forces to Afghanistan. One official said tension persists between McMaster and chief White House strategist Steve Bannon and chief speechwriter Stephen Miller. ",1
2617,The Sean Spicer Show: White House spokesman's brief season,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sean Spicer burst onto the public stage six months ago with a scolding rant against reporters, accusing them of lowballing the size of President Donald Trump’s Inauguration Day crowd.  Following a turbulent half-year run as White House press secretary, Spicer is leaving the building with a final burst of drama after rejecting what amounted to a downsizing of his role. Until he got swept up in Trump’s orbit, Spicer had been a party functionary for the Republican National Committee, well known and respected among Washington political operatives and reporters but with no national profile. As Trump’s frontman at televised White House news briefings, however, the 45-year-old achieved a certain fame for defending the president at all costs through a variety of crises that have beset Trump’s young presidency. He became instantly recognizable around the country and an inspiration for social media memes. His live televised briefings drew big audiences for cable TV. Spicer was lampooned on NBC’s “Saturday Night Live,” with Melissa McCarthy playing the combative “Spicey” character, swallowing gum and driving a motorized lectern into actors playing reporters who asked hard questions.  Asked what he thought of the show, Spicer told Fox News in an interview on Friday: “I think that there were parts of it that were funny, but there’s a lot of it that was over the line. It wasn’t funny. It was stupid, or silly, or malicious.” Over time, however, Trump felt he was not being defended strongly enough by his communications team and that there were not enough people advocating for him on TV, according to a Republican close to the White House. In a crushing snub, Spicer, a devout Roman Catholic, was kept off the list of White House officials who met Pope Francis when Trump visited the Vatican in May.  With Trump eager to make changes in his communications team, the president began courting Anthony Scaramucci, a New York financial whiz who has been an eloquent defender of Trump in TV interviews. Scaramucci is a prominent Republican fundraiser who advised Trump during his presidential campaign last year after working first on rival Scott Walker’s campaign until it fizzled. Trump met Scaramucci on Thursday and talked about making him communications director, and planned a formal job interview and offer on Friday.  Spicer was dubious when told he would continue in the duties of press secretary and communications director with Scaramucci, who is not experienced in the ways of Washington, taking over the ceremonial title, a source close to the White House press operation said. “This is a joke,” the source said. “Trump wanted Scaramucci on television as a surrogate for the White House and wanted to give him more of a formal title. There was simply no understanding by the president that the communications director title comes with lots of responsibilities, not just going on television.” When Trump went ahead with the hire on Friday and asked Spicer to stay on, Spicer had had enough, telling the president he was resigning, the source said. After the announcement was made to the White House communications staff at midmorning, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus huddled with Spicer and Scaramucci privately. Spicer told Fox News the president did not want him to go and had been “very gracious throughout this process.”  “I just thought it was in the best interest of our communications department, of our press organization to not have too many cooks in the kitchen,” he said. Trump tweeted late on Friday: “Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!”      Spicer, spotted around the White House complex, was described by colleagues as in a good mood and feeling he had made the right decision. ",1
2618,"Spicer resigning at White House, Scaramucci to be communications chief: Trump statement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said in a statement on Friday that White House press secretary Sean Spicer was resigning as of August and that businessman Anthony Scaramucci, a long-time supporter, would become White House communications director. “I’m grateful for Sean’s work on behalf of my administration and the American people. I wish him continued success as he moves on to pursue new opportunities. Just look at his great television ratings,” Trump said in a statement read by White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. Scaramucci told a news briefing that Sanders would become Trump’s new press secretary. ",1
2619,Ex-CIA head says Trump remarks on Russia interference 'disgraceful',"ASPEN, Colo. (Reuters) - Former CIA director John Brennan on Friday criticized as “disgraceful” President Donald Trump’s efforts to play down U.S. intelligence agencies’ assessment that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. election. Trump’s administration has been dogged by investigations into allegations of Russian interference in last year’s U.S. presidential election and possible ties with his campaign team. Speaking one day before his first meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Hamburg earlier this month, Trump said he suspected Russian interference in the election but that no one knows for sure. “These types of comments are just disgraceful ... and the person who said them should be ashamed of himself,” said Brennan, CIA chief under former President Barack Obama, at the Aspen Security Forum. Special Counsel Robert Mueller and several U.S. congressional committees are investigating whether Russia interfered in the election and colluded with Trump’s campaign to try to swing the race in his favor over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.  Those probes are focused almost exclusively on Moscow’s actions, lawmakers and intelligence officials have said, and no evidence has surfaced publicly implicating other countries. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump has said that  his campaign did not collude with Russia. Brennan said he was disappointed by the president’s handling of security issues in his first six months in office. “I must say there are disappointments that I see in terms of what Mr. Trump is doing on the international stage that I think pose serious questions about how he is keeping safe our national security,” Brennan said. Speaking at the same event in Aspen, James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence under Obama, was also critical of Trump’s administration. Asked if Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and top adviser, should have his security clearance canceled for initially failing to list on a disclosure form contacts he had with Russians, Clapper said it should be suspended pending a review. “I do think the appropriate thing here is take a pause and at least suspend a clearance until you’ve had the opportunity to investigate and then decide whether the clearance should be restored or not,” Clapper told the same panel. Brennan and Clapper also criticized Trump’s remarks in a tweet earlier this year about U.S. spy agencies in which he accused them of practices reminiscent of Nazi Germany.  “That (tweet) was a terrible insulting affront not to me or John. We get paid the big bucks to take that. But I’m talking about the rank and file, the people in the trenches, men and women, the patriots in the intelligence community and that was completely inappropriate,” said Clapper. ",1
2620,"Special counsel asks White House to save Trump Jr., Russian meeting documents","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating possible collusion between President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign and Russia has asked White House officials to preserve any records of a meeting last year between the president’s eldest son and a Russian lawyer, according to a source with knowledge of the request. Special counsel Robert Mueller sent a document preservation request to the White House, saying the June 2016 meeting that Donald Trump Jr. had at Trump Tower in New York is relevant to his investigation, the source said on Friday. The White House counsel’s office relayed the request, a routine part of the early phase of any investigation, to other members of the White House staff on Wednesday, the source said. News earlier this month of the meeting between Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer whom he was told had damaging information about his father’s presidential rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, fueled questions about the campaign’s dealings with Moscow. The Republican president has defended his son’s meeting as simple politics. Trump’s son-in-law and White House senior adviser Jared Kushner and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort also attended the meeting. The Senate Judiciary Committee has called for Trump Jr. and Manafort to testify next Wednesday at a public hearing in its Russia probe. The committee said in a statement late Friday that Trump Jr. and Manafort had agreed to negotiate with the panel over whether they will be interviewed by committee members and over documents it is seeking. The committee said it had not issued subpoenas for them to appear at Wednesday’s hearing but reserved the right to do so. The House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said it would interview Kushner on Tuesday. Mueller, appointed by the Justice Department in May, is probing allegations of Russian interference in the election and potential collusion by Trump’s campaign, an issue that has engulfed the six-month-old administration. Trump has long expressed frustration with a probe that he has called a political witch hunt, and he has denied any collusion. Moscow has denied it interfered in the election campaign to try to tilt the November 2016 vote in Trump’s favor. Document requests of the type sent by Mueller generally cover emails, text messages, voicemails, notes or records. The counsel is looking for any indication that the president knew the meeting his son had was planned and might have suggested topics for discussion, the source said. Mueller would also be inquiring into whether Trump was briefed on the meeting afterward, as well as what was discussed, the source said. Mueller would be interested, the source said, in topics such as any discussion of U.S. economic sanctions on Russia, possible Russian investments in the United States or elsewhere, or a possible lifting of a Russian ban on Americans adopting Russian children. Russia imposed the adoption ban to retaliate for the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which imposed sanctions on Russian individuals to punish Russia for human rights violations. Russia’s ambassador to Washington was overheard by U.S. spy agencies telling his bosses that he had discussed campaign-related matters with Trump adviser Jeff Sessions last year, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing current and former U.S. officials. Sessions, who was a U.S. senator at the time and is now the attorney general, initially failed to disclose the contacts with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak and then said they were not about the campaign. Under pressure over having not disclosed the meetings with Kislyak, Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe in March. The recusal angered Trump, who said in a New York Times interview this week that he would not have chosen Sessions for attorney general if he had known Sessions would recuse himself. [nL1N1KB0UN] Newspaper reports said Trump’s lawyers are reviewing ways to limit or undermine the special counsel.  The Washington Post and The New York Times on Thursday cited unidentified people familiar with the strategy. A Trump attorney contacted by Reuters, John Dowd, denied the reports and praised Mueller. “We think he’s a straight, honest guy,” Dowd said. Dowd said communications with Mueller were productive and “we have confidence he’s going to do the right thing.” Another Trump lawyer, Jay Sekulow, told the Times that addressing possible conflicts of interest in Mueller’s team would be appropriate but declined to comment on specifics. Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway referred on Friday to reports that members of Mueller’s team have made donations to the Democratic Party. “People should know what folks’ paths and motivations and political motivations are,” she said in a Fox News interview. According to the Post, Trump has asked his advisers about his power to pardon aides, family members and even himself in connection with the Russia probe. Trump’s lawyers have been discussing the president’s pardoning powers, a second person told the newspaper. Dowd dismissed the pardon report as nonsense. “It’s just not true,” he said. Separately, the spokesman for Trump’s legal team, Mark Corallo, confirmed his resignation on Friday. And lead attorney Marc Kasowitz will take on a reduced role on the outside legal team, according to media reports. Other recent changes included the hiring of veteran Washington lawyer Ty Cobb to a White House job to handle responses to the Russia probe. [nL1N1K60C4] ",1
2621,Mueller tells White House to save files on Donald Trump Jr meeting: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special counsel Robert Mueller asked the White House to save all documents related to a meeting last year between Donald Trump Jr and a Russian lawyer he was told had damaging information on his father’s presidential rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, CNN reported on Friday.  Mueller, who leads the criminal probe into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia to sway the November presidential election, told White House counsel Don McGahn in a letter that the June 2016 meeting was relevant to his investigation, CNN reported. It cited a copy of the letter. ",1
2622,"Trump Jr., Manafort agree to negotiate over interviews by Senate panel","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee said on Friday President Donald Trump’s eldest son and his former campaign manager have agreed to negotiate whether to be interviewed by the panel in its Russia probe. The committee said in a statement it would not immediately issue subpoenas requiring Donald Trump Jr. and former campaign manager Paul Manafort to testify at a public hearing set for Wednesday “but reserve the right to do so in the future.” The committee also said it has issued a subpoena for Glenn Simpson, whose firm compiled a dossier on then-candidate Donald Trump during the campaign, to appear at the hearing after he declined to voluntarily attend.  (Clarifies Trump Jr. and Manafort have agreed to negotiate whether to be interviewed, not will be interviewed) ",1
2623,House intelligence panel will interview Kushner on Tuesday,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee said on Friday it will interview White House adviser Jared Kushner on Tuesday as part of its investigation into allegations that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. election. ,1
2624,Senate rule deals setback to Republican healthcare bill,"(Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. Senate were dealt another blow in their effort to repeal Obamacare on Friday when the keeper of the Senate’s rules said certain provisions in their healthcare bill, such as defunding Planned Parenthood, could not be included. The Senate parliamentarian determined some provisions in the Better Care Reconciliation Act violate the Byrd Rule that requires backers to be able to muster 60 votes, according to a memo posted on the Senate Committee on the Budget website. Republicans, who control the Senate with a slim 52-seat majority, are unlikely to be able to round up that many votes for key provisions in the bill to repeal former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare.     Affected would be the provision to defund Planned Parenthood, two provisions to prevent certain tax credits from being used to purchase health insurance that covers abortion, and a provision stating that beginning in 2020 states no longer have to cover essential health benefits in their Medicaid alternative benefit plans. Some provisions were not subject to the Byrd Rule, according to the parliamentarian, including a provision allowing states the option to impose work requirements on Medicaid enrollees who are not disabled, elderly or pregnant, and a proposal to repeal cost-sharing subsidies. Other provisions were still under review, including a proposal to allow insurers to charge older Americans more than younger people, a provision to allow small businesses to establish “association health plans” that could be sold across state lines and the option for states to receive Medicaid “block grant” lump sums instead of per capita cap payments. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is seeking to use procedural rules that would allow Republicans to pass a healthcare bill with a simple majority in the. ",1
2625,Russian envoy overheard saying he discussed campaign with Sessions: Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia’s ambassador to Washington was overheard by U.S. spy agencies telling his bosses that he had discussed campaign-related matters, including issues important to Moscow, with Jeff Sessions during the 2016 presidential race, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing current and former U.S. officials. A U.S. official confirmed to Reuters that Ambassador Sergei Kislyak’s accounts of two conversations with Sessions, then a U.S. senator and key foreign policy adviser to Republican candidate Donald Trump, were intercepted by U.S. intelligence agencies. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said there was nothing automatically inappropriate about Sessions, then a U.S. senator as well as a Trump supporter, discussing policy matters or even Trump’s thinking about them with a foreign diplomat. “The question is whether he crossed the line and discussed classified information or talked about deals like lifting sanctions if the Russians were interested in investing in the U.S. or had dirt on Secretary Clinton,” said a second official familiar with the intercepts, who also spoke on the condition of anonymity. “His memory is another matter.” Sessions at first failed to disclose his contacts with Kislyak and then said the meetings were not about the Trump campaign.  As Attorney General, he recused himself in March from matters connected to an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and any connections to the Trump campaign following his admission that he had talked to the Russian envoy. Sessions has denied discussing campaign issues with Russian officials and has said that he only met Kislyak in his role of U.S. senator. The Post cited one U.S. official as saying that Sessions  provided “misleading” statements that are “contradicted by other evidence.”  The newspaper reported that a former official said that the intelligence indicates that Sessions and Kislyak had “substantive” discussions on matters including Trump’s positions on Russia-related issues and prospects for U.S.-Russia relations in a Trump administration. The Washington Post cited a Justice Department spokeswoman, Sarah Isgur Flores, as saying: “Obviously I cannot comment on the reliability of what anonymous sources describe in a wholly uncorroborated intelligence intercept that the Washington Post has not seen and that has not been provided to me.”  The Post said that Sessions did not discuss interference in the election. Trump said in a New York Times interview on Wednesday that he was disappointed by Sessions’ move to recuse himself, but a White House spokeswoman said on Thursday that the president still had confidence in Sessions “or he would not be the attorney general.” ",1
2626,Exclusive: Moscow lawyer who met Trump Jr. had Russian spy agency as client,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian lawyer who met Donald Trump Jr. after his father won the Republican nomination for the 2016 U.S. presidential election counted Russia’s FSB security service among her clients for years, Russian court documents seen by Reuters show. The documents show that the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, successfully represented the FSB’s interests in a legal wrangle over ownership of an upscale property in northwest Moscow between 2005 and 2013. The FSB, successor to the Soviet-era KGB service, was headed by Vladimir Putin before he became Russian president. There is no suggestion that Veselnitskaya is an employee of the Russian government or intelligence services, and she has denied having anything to do with the Kremlin. But the fact she represented the FSB in a court case may raise questions among some U.S. politicians. The Obama administration last year sanctioned the FSB for what it said was its role in hacking the election, something Russia flatly denies. Charles Grassley, Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, has raised concerns about why Veselnitskaya gained entry into the United States. Veselnitskaya represented a Russian client accused by U.S. prosecutors of money laundering in a case that was settled in May this year after four years.  Veselnitskaya did not reply to emailed Reuters questions about her work for the FSB. But she later posted a link to it on her Facebook page on Friday. “Is it all your proof? You disappointed me,” she wrote in a post. “Dig in court databases again! You’ll be surprised to find among my clients Russian businessmen... as well as citizens and companies that had to defend themselves from accusations from the state...”  Veselnitskaya added that she also had U.S. citizens as clients. The FSB did not respond to a request for comment.     Reuters could not find a record of when and by whom the lawsuit - which dates back to at least 2003 - was first lodged. But appeal documents show that Rosimushchestvo, Russia’s federal government property agency, was involved. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Veselnitskaya and her firm Kamerton Consulting represented “military unit 55002” in the property dispute, the documents show. A public list of Russian legal entities shows the FSB, Russia’s domestic intelligence agency, founded the military unit whose legal address is behind the FSB’s own headquarters. Reuters was unable to establish if Veselnitskaya did any other work for the FSB or confirm who now occupies the building at the center of the case. President Donald Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed in June 2016 to meet Veselnitskaya, a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton, according to emails released by Trump Jr. Veselnitskaya has said she is a private lawyer and has never obtained damaging information about Clinton. Dmitry Peskov, a spokesman for the Kremlin, has said she had “nothing whatsoever to do with us.” Veselnitskaya has also said she is ready to testify to the U.S. Congress to dispel what she called “mass hysteria” about the meeting with Trump Jr. The case in which Veselnitskaya represented the FSB was complex; appeals courts at least twice ruled in favor of private companies which the FSB wanted to evict.   The FSB took over the disputed office building in mid-2008, a person who worked for Atos-Component, a firm that was evicted as a result, told Reuters, on condition of anonymity. The building was privatized after the 1991 Soviet collapse, but the Russian government said in the lawsuit in which Veselnitskaya represented the FSB that the building had been illegally sold to private firms. The businesses were listed in the court documents, but many of them no longer exist and those that do are little-known firms in the electric components business. Elektronintorg, an electronic components supplier, said on its website that it now occupied the building. Elektronintorg is owned by state conglomerate Rostec, run by Sergei Chemezov, who, like Putin, worked for the KGB and served with him in East Germany. When contacted by phone, an unnamed Elektronintorg employee said he was not obliged to speak to Reuters. Rostec, responding to a request for comment, said that Elektronintorg only had a legal address in the building but that its staff were based elsewhere.  When asked which organization was located there, an unidentified man who answered a speakerphone at the main entrance laughed and said: “Congratulations. Ask the city administration.” ",1
2627,Trump orders review to strengthen U.S. defense industry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday initiating a government-wide review of the U.S. defense industry and suggest changes to strengthen it. The review is intended to identify and address potential weak points in the defense manufacturing base including  companies that could go out of business and leave gaps in the supply chain for U.S. weapons systems, said Peter Navarro, the White House National Trade Council director. The executive order asked for recommendations on possible  legislative, regulatory and policy changes that would improve and support the defense industry, calling it a “significant national priority”. “America’s defense industrial base is now facing increasing gaps in its capabilities,” Navarro said. “There’s just one company in the U.S. that can repair propellers for Navy submarines,” he added in a briefing with reporters. Defense analyst Howard Rubel of the investment bank Jefferies & Co said the free market has so far done a reasonably good job. “We don’t want to invest in buggy whip suppliers just because there is only one (supplier).” He added that it is important to recognize that the United States can sometimes buy more cheaply from its allies. The review mandated by the executive order will be led by the Pentagon and conducted in concert with the Department of Labor and the Department of Homeland Security as well as other government agencies. Skilled labor is also a big part of the huge military buildup Trump has promised to project American power. Industry has already shown initiative in addressing the skilled labor shortage, including in the metals trades, Navarro said in his remarks. ",1
2628,Man whose firm was behind Trump dossier won't testify to Senate: lawyer,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The co-founder of the firm that commissioned a dossier on Donald Trump during the presidential campaign last year is on vacation and will not testify at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the Russia probe next week, his lawyers said in a letter released on Friday. Glenn Simpson of Fusion GPS is on vacation through July 31 and will be traveling abroad through Aug. 3, his attorneys said in the letter, adding that they were “profoundly disturbed” that the hearing had been expanded due to “partisan agendas” to include allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. Donald Trump Jr. and President Donald Trump’s one-time campaign manager Paul Manafort were due to testify on the same day as Simpson. His attorneys asked that Simpson be excused from appearing, adding that allegations he had failed to register as a foreign agent were “nothing more than an effort to smear him.” ",1
2629,Democrats in U.S. Congress urge review of Amazon's Whole Foods deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of Democrats in Congress urged the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission in a letter this week to conduct a more in-depth review of online retailer Amazon.com Inc’s plan to buy grocer Whole Foods Market Inc.  The lawmakers asked that the review include consideration of what effect the $13.7 billion deal could have on access to healthy foods in so-called food deserts where residents may have limited access to fresh groceries.  “While we do not oppose the merger at this time, we are concerned about what this merger could mean for African-American communities across the country already suffering from a lack of affordable healthy food choices from grocers,” the letter said on Thursday. The letter was signed by U.S. Representative Marcia Fudge and 11 other Democrats, including Senator Cory Booker.  Amazon and Whole Foods hope to expand access to fresh food, said Brian Huseman, Amazon’s vice president of policy, in a letter to Fudge, also on Thursday.  “We agree with you that access to food is an important issue for the country, and we share your goal of improving that access,” Huseman said in the letter. Amazon has lobbied to be able to accept food stamps online and is participating in a pilot program. “We deliver low-cost, healthy food to zip codes across the country that before Amazon had limited access to a large selection of high quality foods,” Huseman wrote to Fudge. Fudge’s letter was made public by the United Food and Commercial Workers union (UFCW), which represents many of the unionized grocery workers in the United States. Fudge’s office confirmed she had sent the letter. Amazon’s plan announced in June to buy premium grocer Whole Foods roiled the grocery industry and sparked worries the deal could raise prices, reduce the quality of products and hurt employment.  Still, most antitrust experts expect the Federal Trade Commission to approve the planned merger. The letter asking for more scrutiny was praised by the UFCW union. “Political concerns about Amazon’s acquisition of Whole Foods are growing for good reason,” UFCW President Marc Perrone said on Friday. “Amazon’s monopolistic desire to control the retail market and replace good jobs with automation is not only a direct threat to the hard-working men and women at Whole Foods, it’s also a direct threat to our economy and consumers.”  Amazon has sought to dispute that it would monopolize the grocery industry. Wal-Mart Stores Inc currently controls the largest market share.  “We also do not plan job reductions as part of the acquisition, which if approved would result in a company with a combined less than 3 percent of national grocery sales,” Huseman wrote.  ",1
2630,Lawsuit says North Carolina bathroom law still harmful,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Transgender people still face discrimination and threats to their safety in North Carolina despite lawmakers replacing a measure that restricted their access to many public bathrooms, advocacy groups said in a new federal court action on Friday. The law thrust the state into the center of a national debate over equality, privacy and religious freedom last year by requiring transgender people to use restrooms in state-run buildings that matched the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity. A new measure, passed in March, helped bring back some business and sports events pulled from the state in protest in the year after it enacted the so-called bathroom bill. But the replacement law lacks clarity, with top state leaders in disagreement about what it means for transgender bathroom access, the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal argue in their amended lawsuit. That leaves transgender people uncertain - even fearful - about which restrooms they can safely use, they said. “When legislation fails to protect us, when it leaves us in limbo, it sends a message that our lives are expendable,” plaintiff Joaquín Carcaño, a transgender man who works at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, told reporters. The amended complaint expands the lawsuit filed last year to challenge HB 2, which the state’s Republican leaders said was needed for public safety. The new law, HB 142, rescinded HB 2 but left many of its harmful effects in place, opponents say. The current law bars state agencies, schools and local governments from regulating government-run restrooms, showers and changing facilities, leaving responsibility for those policies with state lawmakers. It also bans cities in the state from passing their own anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people until 2020. Governor Roy Cooper, a Democrat who signed the new law, is now named as a defendant in the lawsuit, replacing former Republican Governor Pat McCrory, whose defeat in the 2016 election is partly blamed on his support for the old law. Cooper has called the replacement law imperfect but necessary to help repair North Carolina’s damaged reputation.  “The governor’s ultimate goal is statewide LGBT protections, and he is going to continue working toward that,” Cooper spokesman Ford Porter said in a statement on Friday. A battle over bathrooms also flared on Friday in Texas, where lawmakers heard impassioned public testimony about proposals to limit public restroom access to transgender people in that state. ",1
2631,"Activists, executives tell Texas Senate to ditch bathroom bill","AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Transgender activists and business leaders urged a Texas Senate panel on Friday to scrap legislation that would limit bathroom access for transgender people, saying it was a discriminatory measure that would hurt the state’s economy. More than 250 civil rights activists, executives and others registered to speak to the Republican-dominated Senate as it began consideration of the measure, the most closely watched item on the state’s agenda during a 30-day special session. So-called “bathroom bills” have become a flashpoint of U.S. culture wars, with social conservatives saying they protect public safety and civil rights activists saying the measures allow government-sanctioned bias against transgender people. Ashley Smith, a transgender woman and San Antonio architect, said transgender women suffer more violence than the general public, and a bathroom bill would make her more fearful. “Can’t you see how this legislation would make the very real problem of assault even worse?” she asked members of the Senate Committee on State Affairs. Smith drew wide notice on the internet this week after posting a picture of herself with Republican Governor Greg Abbott, a supporter of the bathroom measure who she suggested had no idea she was transgender. Talk of the bathroom bill has already led to about $66 million in lost convention business, convention officials from Texas’ top cities told the committee. If the measure is enacted, the state could lose about $1.4 billion from lost conventions, sports contests and other events, they said. The main measure under consideration is Senate Bill 3, which says certain restrooms, showers and changing facilities in places such as public schools “must be designated for and used only by persons of the same sex as stated on a person’s birth certificate.” Supporters were few in number on Friday. The bill’s sponsor, Republican Senator Lois Kolkhorst, said SB 3 was about “about much more than bathrooms. “(It) is about finding a balance between the right to declare your gender and the right of a parent to protect their child,” she said.  During the regular session that ended in May, the Texas Senate easily passed such a measure. But it died in the state’s House of Representatives under pressure from pro-business Republicans. Political analysts expect a similar pattern for the special session. A similar law in North Carolina, partially repealed in March, prompted the relocation of major sporting events and economic boycotts that were estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars. ",1
2632,Trump picks financier Scaramucci to head White House communications: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump picked Wall Street financier Anthony Scaramucci, a long-time supporter, to be his White House communications director on Friday, a White House official said. Currently at the Export-Import Bank, Scaramucci is expected to start his new job in August, the official said. No other changes were immediately expected in a communications operation that includes press secretary Sean Spicer and his deputy, Sarah Sanders, the official said. The appointment comes as the White House deals with questions around a special counsel probe and several congressional investigations into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential collusion with Trump’s campaign. The communications position has been vacant since Michael Dubke resigned in May as communications director. Spicer has been serving a dual role as press secretary and communications director since Dubke left. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Scaramucci was interviewed by Trump on Friday morning and the job had been offered and accepted. Scaramucci, a Republican fundraiser and founder of Skybridge Capital, was earlier offered the post of U.S. ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.  ",1
2633,Trump's legal team spokesman resigns amid reported shake-up,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s outside legal team spokesman has resigned amid media reports the team is being reorganized as investigations continue into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election and possible collusion with Trump’s campaign.  Mark Corallo confirmed his departure on Friday in an emailed statement. His resignation comes amid reports regarding the role of Marc Kasowitz, Trump’s attorney handing the investigation into the Trump campaign’s possible ties to Russia.  NBC reported on Friday that Kasowitz was no longer leading the legal team but would remain on board to provide guidance. The New York Times reported late on Thursday that his “role ... will be significantly reduced.” A source familiar with the situation told Reuters on Friday that Kasowitz had not left the team. Separately, Trump is considering appointing Wall Street financier and long-time supporter Anthony Scaramucci as his White House communications director, according to a senior White House official. The staff changes come amid other media reports that some of Trump’s lawyers are considering ways to limit U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia probe.  The Washington Post, citing people familiar with the effort, reported late Thursday that Trump’s legal team is seeking to limit or undercut the investigation by targeting Mueller’s team and is exploring Trump’s pardoning authority.  The New York Times also reported that Trump’s lawyers are looking into the background of Mueller’s investigators, citing three people familiar with the research effort. Moscow has denied any interference with last year’s U.S. presidential election. Trump has also said there was no collusion.  ",1
2634,Trump unveils companies' $500 million U.S. drug packaging project,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Thursday announced a $500 million investment that Corning Inc is making with pharmaceutical giants Merck and Pfizer to manufacture a new kind of glass for injectable drug vials. At a White House event, Trump said the effort will create nearly 1,000 jobs at facilities in New York and New Jersey and at a soon-to-be-determined site in the southeastern United States. The deal could eventually result in a total investment of $4 billion and create around 4,000 jobs, Trump said, joined by the CEOs of Corning, Merck and Pfizer. The commitments were made as part of Trump’s “Made in America” week, during which he has showcased American-made products and made an impassioned defense of his “America First” policies. Corning said it developed the new type of glass in collaboration with the drugmakers. “This initiative will bring a key industry to our shores that for too long has been dominated by foreign countries. We’re moving more and more companies back into the United States,” Trump said. After the remarks, Trump tested the strength of the new Corning Valor Vial. Pressing down on an old vial in a vise-like machine, he easily broke it but struggled to break one of the new vials despite putting far greater effort into it. ",1
2635,"McCain illness deprives Senate of crucial vote, Trump critic","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If John McCain’s illness requires a long absence from the U.S. Senate, his colleagues will be deprived of a dealmaker and leading voice on national security, while America’s allies will lose one of the few Republican critics of President Donald Trump’s foreign policy. The 80-year-old lawmaker and 2008 Republican presidential nominee, who was elected to a sixth Senate term last November, has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer. He is vowing a quick return to the Senate. McCain, a former U.S. Navy pilot who spent 5-1/2 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, is outspoken on a range of issues, from defense spending to immigration to demanding a thorough investigation of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.  Asked how the Senate was different without McCain, his close friend Senator Lindsey Graham said: “It’s quieter. John is a fighter and John’s into every cause no matter how hard it might be.” A Russia hawk, McCain has expressed deep skepticism of Trump’s effort to improve ties with Moscow, and emerged, with Graham, as perhaps the most vocal Republican critic in Congress of the president’s foreign policy. He chairs the influential Senate Armed Services Committee. McCain has traveled the globe on trips some analysts say are efforts to soothe the concerns of U.S. allies that fear Trump’s “America First” policy means a retreat from international engagement. “I realize that some of President Trump’s actions and statements have unsettled America’s friends,” McCain said in a speech in Australia in May. “They have unsettled many Americans as well.” McCain is also known for an independent streak and a willingness to work with Democrats. He has participated in almost every major bipartisan legislative effort in the Senate in recent years, such as the “Gang of Eight” immigration push in 2013.  In 2015, McCain, who was tortured while a POW, worked with Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein to pass legislation banning torture. This week, he called for a bipartisan effort to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system.  While McCain has made clear his desire for more spending on defense, he has criticized what he sees as inefficiencies in U.S. weapons programs. Some analysts said defense contractors might have an easier time with another Armed Services chairman. “McCain is McCain, and he has needled people and programs that he does not think are performing,” said Mark Cancian, of the Center for Strategic and International Studies International Security program. McCain has criticized defense programs like the Littoral Combat Ship made by Lockheed Martin Co (LMT.N) and Australia’s Austal Ltd (ASB.AX). “LCS has been one thing that has been in his sights, and arguably there has been an effect,” Cancian said. To carry out Trump’s goal of repealing and replacing former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell needs the backing of at least 50 of the 100 U.S. senators. Republicans control the Senate by a narrow majority of 52 to 48. As McCain weighs treatment options in his home state of Arizona, his absence makes it more difficult for McConnell to muster the support he needs to advance healthcare legislation expected to come to a vote next week. “Obviously, I think more people are worried about his health than thinking about the math, but you know, you understand the math,” Republican Senator Bob Corker told reporters. “Obviously, it makes things difficult.” Sarah Binder, a scholar at the Brookings Institution, said that with the slim Republican majority, the absence of any senator could be potentially “catastrophic” for the party’s effort to pass its agenda. She said the problem was compounded by McCain’s absence. “His colleagues perceive him as a ‘giant’ of the Senate, whose expertise and perspective on foreign and military affairs is arguably irreplaceable,” Binder said. ",1
2636,Trump weighing Scaramucci for White House communications director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is considering appointing Wall Street financier Anthony Scaramucci, a long-time supporter, to be his White House communications director, a senior White House official said on Thursday. The position has been vacant since Michael Dubke resigned in May as communications director. Sean Spicer has been serving a dual role as press secretary and communications director since Dubke left. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Scaramucci is being interviewed for the job but that it had not yet been offered. Scaramucci, a Republican fundraiser and founder of Skybridge Capital, had been offered to be the U.S. ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris. ",1
2637,'No more woe is me': Senator McCain vows quick return to Washington,"WASHINGTON/PHOENIX, Ariz. (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain promised on Thursday he would return rapidly to Washington despite his newly diagnosed brain cancer, flashing the fighting spirit that has defined him since he was held in captivity as a Navy pilot during the Vietnam War. McCain, a veteran senator and former Republican presidential candidate known as a strong and sometimes fiercely independent voice on defense and security issues, was found to have an aggressive form of brain tumor, glioblastoma, after surgery last week for a blood clot above his left eye. The news, issued by his office late on Wednesday, drew a wave of support from across the political spectrum, and raised questions about how long McCain would be absent from the Senate, where Republicans have a narrow majority and are eager to notch up some legislative successes for President Donald Trump. “I greatly appreciate the outpouring of support - unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I’ll be back soon, so stand-by!” McCain, 80, wrote on Twitter shortly before issuing a news release through his office related to Syria. McCain was making phone calls from his home in Phoenix, Arizona, to stay abreast of congressional matters. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, one McCain’s closest friends in Congress, said the senator called him three times on Thursday morning. He wanted to discuss healthcare legislation that is at the center of the Senate’s attention, and a sprawling defense bill McCain would usher through as the Senate Armed Services Committee’s chairman, Graham said. Graham told reporters McCain admonished him, “‘No more woe is me.’ He is yelling at me to buck up. I’m going to buck up.”  The son and grandson of admirals, McCain survived more than five years of captivity during the Vietnam War. As a lawmaker  he has been a strong advocate for the U.S. military as well as being willing to cross the political aisle and work with Democrats. Among Republican lawmakers, he has been one of the most critical of Trump. Well-wishers included Democratic former President Barack Obama and Trump, who called McCain on Thursday to wish him well, the White House said.  Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, said the flood of “bipartisan respect and love for John McCain as he faces this cancer battle reminds us that, after all the meanness, there is a human side to politicians. Count this Democrat in John McCain’s corner.” Glioblastoma multiforme is the most common and most deadly form of brain and nervous system tumor, typically killing half its victims within a year. Patients rarely survive more than three years. Democratic Senator Edward Kennedy died of the disease in 2009. McCain’s doctors said he was recovering from surgery well, and praised his underlying health as excellent. His doctors told CNN on Wednesday that he had no sign of neurological impairment before or during his surgery. Treatment options include a combination of chemotherapy and radiation. McCain’s illness has potential policy implications for healthcare legislation and other agenda items in Washington.    Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 seat majority in the Senate, and McCain’s absence has made it more difficult to gather the 50 votes needed to advance a healthcare bill. He has been recovering at his Arizona home since his initial surgery at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix last week. It was not immediately clear when he would return to Washington. McCain has previously battled back from injuries suffered during his time as a prisoner of war, and has had non-invasive melanomas removed at least three times. McCain, who ran a failed White House race in 2008 against Obama, won a sixth six-year term in the U.S. Senate last November.  If the senator were to retire or die before his term ends in January 2023, the state’s Republican governor would pick a Republican replacement, who would serve until a special election in November 2018. Whoever was elected would fill out McCain’s term. Arizona’s other senator, Republican Jeff Flake, is up for re-election next year. The state’s electorate is divided: one-third Republican voters, nearly one-third Democratic and one-third independent. Matt Roberts, spokesman for the Arizona Secretary of State’s office, said registered independents would soon exceed Republicans. But Republicans tend to turn out to vote on Election Day in stronger numbers than their counterparts. The Southwestern state is the birthplace of former Senator and 1964 presidential candidate Barry Goldwater, who some call the father of the Republican conservative movement. ",1
2638,Trump picks former U.N. spokesman Grenell for ambassador to Germany,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has picked former U.N. spokesman Richard Grenell as U.S. ambassador to Germany, a White House official who spoke on condition of anonymity said on Thursday. Grenell served as U.S. spokesman at the United Nations from 2001 to 2008, during the administration of Republican President George W. Bush. Currently, Grenell is a contributor to Fox News. His nomination as envoy to NATO ally Germany must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Trump has scolded Germany for not reaching NATO’s target for defense spending and complained about its trade surplus with the United States.  Grenell did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
2639,Judge refuses to remove block on Trump sanctuary city order,"(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday refused to revisit a court order that blocks President Donald Trump’s administration from carrying out a policy designed to threaten the granting of federal funds to so-called sanctuary cities. U.S. District Judge William Orrick III in San Francisco ruled that a recent memo from the Justice Department that appeared to narrow the scope of Trump’s executive order on sanctuary cities did not remove the need for a court-ordered injunction. Orrick wrote that the memo is not binding and the attorney general can revoke it at any time.  A Justice Department spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment. Trump issued the order in January, shortly after he was inaugurated, directing that funding be slashed to all jurisdictions that refuse to comply with a statute that requires local governments to share information with U.S. immigration authorities. Sanctuary cities generally offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants and often do not use municipal funds or resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Dozens of local governments and cities, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, have joined the growing “sanctuary” movement. The Trump administration contends that local authorities endanger public safety when they decline to hand over for deportation illegal immigrants arrested for crimes. After Trump issued the sanctuary cities executive order, California’s Santa Clara County - which includes the city of San Jose and several smaller Silicon Valley communities - sued, saying it was unconstitutional. San Francisco filed a similar lawsuit. In a ruling in April, Orrick said Trump’s order targeted broad categories of federal funding for sanctuary governments and that plaintiffs challenging the order were likely to succeed in proving it unconstitutional. The Justice Department asked Orrick to revisit that ruling, after Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memo which said the only funds the government intended to withhold were certain grants tied to law enforcement programs.  Orrick voiced skepticism at a hearing earlier this month. ",1
2640,Attorney General Sessions brushes off Trump criticism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday brushed off sharp criticism from President Donald Trump over his recusal from the Justice Department’s Russia investigation, saying he loved his job and planned to continue serving. “We love this job, we love this department, and I plan to continue to do so as long as that is appropriate,” Sessions said at a news conference announcing a cyber crime bust. Sessions was flanked by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Acting Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Andrew McCabe, who were both also criticized by the president in an interview with the New York Times on Wednesday. Trump took a broad swipe at his administration’s top law officers in the interview, saying he would not have appointed Sessions as attorney general if he had known he would recuse himself. The Republican president also noted Rosenstein’s connection to Democratic Baltimore and that McCabe’s wife took money from a leading Democrat during a political campaign. The public lashing came after a turbulent first six months in office during which Trump fired national security adviser Michael Flynn and FBI Director James Comey, then the top official leading the probe into whether Russian meddled in the 2016 presidential election and possible ties to the Trump campaign.  Sessions recused himself in March from the Russia criminal investigation. He did so after failing to disclose at his confirmation hearing that he had held meetings last year with Russia’s ambassador. “Sessions should have never recused himself and if he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me before he took the job and I would have picked somebody else,” the Times quoted Trump as saying. White House spokesman Sarah Sanders said later on Thursday that, while Trump was disappointed in the recusal, “clearly he has confidence in him or he would not be the attorney general.” Sessions was Trump’s first supporter in the U.S. Senate and helped shape his political team throughout the campaign and into the transition after the Nov. 8 election. He declined on Thursday to acknowledge Trump’s criticism. “I have the honor of serving as attorney general. It’s something that goes beyond any thought I would have ever had for myself,” Sessions said. Similarly, Rosenstein declined to comment when asked about Trump’s remarks that there were very few Republicans in Baltimore, where he was a former federal prosecutor. “I was proud to be here yesterday, I’m proud to be here today, I’ll be proud to work here tomorrow,” he said. They took only a few questions before a spokesman asked if there were any questions about the department’s dismantlement of AlphaBay, a “dark web” market. Seeing no hands, Sessions left as reporters shouted questions about whether he would resign.   An aide to Sessions said the recent disparaging remarks from Trump are “nothing new,” given news media reports last month that the president was upset with the attorney general over the Russia recusal. A federal special counsel has been appointed to take over the Russia investigation, and several congressional committees are conducting probes. Next week, Trump’s son-in-law and White House adviser, Jared Kushner, and the president’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., are scheduled to testify before Senate panels, as well as former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. The Kremlin says it did not interfere in the election, and Trump has denied any collusion. In the Times interview, the president also took aim at the special counsel appointed to take over the Russia investigation, Robert Mueller, saying Mueller would be crossing a “red line” if he began investigating Trump’s personal finances.  “I think that’s a violation. Look, this is about Russia,” Trump told the Times.  At the White House, Sanders said Trump has no intention of firing Mueller at this time. The Times also reported on Wednesday that Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE) has been in contact with federal investigators about Trump’s accounts, citing two people briefed on the matter. And the bank was expecting to eventually have to provide information to Mueller, they said. Deutsche Bank, which has loaned the Trump Organization family business millions of dollars for real-estate ventures, late last month rejected demands by Democratic lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives to provide details of Trump’s finances, citing privacy laws. On Capitol Hill, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved  Trump’s pick to replace Comey at the FBI, Christopher Wray. The full Senate was expected to confirm Wray before its August recess. Democratic Senator Dick Durbin said at the hearing that Trump’s latest comments raised troubling questions about the independence and credibility of the Justice Department. “Now what happens next as members close to the president, his own administration, and his family are being asked critical questions?” Durbin asked. “We have to make it clear that no one in this country, including the president of the United States, is above the law.”  ",1
2641,"Many treatment options, most experimental, available to John McCain","NEW YORK (Reuters) - There is at least one approved device and scores of experimental treatments being tested that could improve the odds of longer-term survival for patients with the type of extremely aggressive brain cancer afflicting U.S. Senator John McCain. While the 80-year-old Arizona Republican, who was re-elected to a sixth Senate term in November, recovers from surgery to remove a blood clot found to be associated with the cancer, he and his medical team will explore treatment options. “That (recovery) usually takes about 10 to 14 days before starting therapy,” said Dr. Maciej Lesniak, chair of neurological surgery at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago. McCain was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a brain cancer with very poor prognosis that took the life of former U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy in 2009. Surgery is performed to remove as much of the tumor as possible, but cancer cells are left behind that infiltrate the brain and quickly grow. The survival rate with standard treatment is generally about 15 months, with only about 25 percent of patients alive after two years. Standard treatment is a combination of 30 doses of radiation administered over six weeks along with the oral chemotherapy Temodar (temozolomide) sold by Merck & Co (MRK.N). After a three-to-four week break, additional four-week cycles of Temodar are given. McCain has vowed to return to his Senate duties soon. Experts said he may well be able to do so.  The treatment is usually very well tolerated, Lesniak said. “Generally, people can maintain normal quality of life during therapy including their work in the majority of cases.” Doctors interviewed who are not involved in McCain’s care said further combination therapies were likely needed to sharply improve patient outcomes. Debates over when to begin such  therapies are ongoing. “Many people feel we need to push the envelope and look at combination therapy as early as possible in addition to the standard of care,” Lesniak said.  There are about 150 clinical trials for glioblastoma under way, most at very early stages, and the majority for patients for whom initial therapy has stopped working. McCain could be a candidate for a trial in newly diagnosed patients.  Current immunotherapies that have shown great promise against melanoma, lung cancer and other cancers are unlikely by themselves to work in glioblastoma because the tumors tend not to present the proper target for those drugs. “Glioblastoma tumor cells are incredibly heterogeneous. No two tumor cells are alike,” said Dr. John de Groot, professor of neuro-oncology at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, adding that a multi-pronged approach was likely needed. One promising approach being tested in early stage clinical trials by various institutions and companies involve injecting viruses into the tumor to destroy cancer cells and spur an immune system attack. Duke University generated publicity last year with reports of early success using the polio virus against brain cancer. MD Anderson developed a viral therapy that it outlicensed to a company called DNAtrix for further development, de Groot said. A trial at Northwestern is using neural stem cells to help improve the performance of a cancer-fighting virus. “Stem cells when loaded with the virus can travel to areas we can’t resect to deliver the virus throughout the tumor mass in a more uniform fashion,” Lesniak said. In a study published in May in the journal Nature, Duke researchers reported early success with a vaccine that delivers high doses of Temodar to the tumor. Among 11 patients in that study, the median survival was 41.1 months, versus 14.6 months for the standard treatment. Dr. Roger Stupp, co-director of the Northwestern Brain Tumor Institute, who is credited with pioneering the radiation/Temodar combination therapy for glioblastoma, said patients like McCain might be helped by a now-approved device shown to extend survival. Called Optune and sold by Novocure Ltd (NVCR.O), it  delivers an electromagnetic field that interferes with cancer cells’ ability to divide and survive, said Stupp, who led trials of the device. It involves electrodes placed on the scalp operated by a small battery pack. With Optune worn nearly 24 hours a day, the two-year survival rate in the trial that led to its approval jumped to 43 percent, with some patients living four years or more. “My recommendation is to use it early in the disease course,” Stupp said.    ",1
2642,"Ryan says U.S. tax reform consensus nears, does not mention border tax","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday that tax reform talks are nearing a consensus to lower business taxes by closing loopholes and special interest deductions, the latest sign that the unpopular proposed border tax may not be included. Speaking at a New Balance shoe factory in Massachusetts, Ryan stressed the need to “level the playing field” for U.S. companies and their foreign competitors but failed to mention the border adjustment tax, or BAT, which has been his main policy for creating a more competitive U.S. manufacturing base. Ryan’s remarks, coming about a week ahead of an end-of-July deadline for top White House officials and Republican leaders in Congress to agree on a tax reform framework, could indicate that President Donald Trump’s promised tax code overhaul is taking on a more orthodox shape after months of closed-door talks. Republicans in the House of Representatives had billed the BAT as a more effective way to pay for tax cuts than closing loopholes, because it would raise more than $1 trillion over a decade by effectively taxing imports while exempting exports from taxation.   “We are going to slash the corporate tax rate to level the playing field and the business tax rate for all businesses,” Ryan told his audience. “So what we need to do is, we need to throw out those complicated loopholes, those deductions, those special interest loopholes,” he added.   Ryan said cutting the corporate tax rate from a current 35 percent rate to a 20 percent corporate rate is “very realistic.” Administration officials have said negotiators realize Trump’s proposed 15 percent corporate rate is unlikely without expanding the federal deficit.  White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that Republicans should be willing to accept “short-term increases on deficits” for tax reform to drive economic growth.   Ryan said tax reform would also include accelerating business expensing, double the standard deduction for individuals, and retain popular deductions for charity donations, home mortgages and retirement.  “We have basically found where our consensus lies on these major issues, which we think are sort of the key cornerstones of tax reform,” the Wisconsin Republican said. His failure to mention border tax adjustment could fuel speculation that House Republicans are moving away from the idea in discussions among the so-called Big Six principals. The six are Ryan, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House adviser Gary Cohn and the Republican chairmen of two tax-writing committees. ",1
2643,Senate Republicans complain of chaos in healthcare effort,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans, scolded by President Donald Trump for failing to overturn Obamacare, tried to salvage their seven-year effort for a new healthcare law on Thursday, but leading senators indicated frustration over shifting goal posts. Trump on Wednesday told the Senate’s fractured Republican majority to revive a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare that collapsed on Monday after Republicans from both moderate and conservative factions pulled their support. But after a late-night emergency meeting on how to win over holdouts appeared to yield no progress, senators expressed irritation.  “It really is starting to feel like a bazaar, $50 billion here, $100 billion there, and I feel like it’s losing coherency,” Senator Bob Corker said. Susan Collins, a moderate Republican who strongly objected to the revised bill, said she didn’t “even know what we are proceeding to next week” and said Trump had contributed to the “lack of clarity” over the next steps.  “I’m unclear, having heard the president and read his tweets, exactly which bill he wants to pass and whether he is for just repealing, or repealing and replacing - whether he’s for the Senate bill,” Collins said. Trump, who had campaigned heavily on a promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, the signature legislative achievement of former Democratic President Barack Obama, took a hands-off approach to the healthcare debate last week.  On Tuesday he suggested that he was fine with letting Obamacare fail. But on Wednesday he switched course and demanded that senators stay in Washington through their planned August recess until they find common ground on healthcare. The repeal and replace bill crafted by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell would leave 22 million Americans without health insurance coverage by 2026, the nonpartisan U.S. Congressional Budget Office said on Thursday. Before Trump’s Wednesday lunch with 49 Republican senators, McConnell had planned to hold a straight repeal vote next week, but that appeared doomed with several Republican senators having already said they oppose that approach. The CBO said on Wednesday that 32 million more Americans would lose their insurance coverage by 2026 under a bill that would repeal much of Obamacare without a replacement. That compares with the 20 million who have become insured under Obamacare, as the Affordable Care Act is known. The Senate’s number two Republican, John Cornyn, said he expected a procedural vote on Tuesday to take up a healthcare bill, but said knowing what the healthcare bill will be before the procedural vote is “a luxury we don’t have.” An aide to Cornyn said he was referring to the amendment process that could change the bill once it is on the Senate floor. “It’s difficult to predict what the final product will look like,” the aide said.  Adding to Republicans’ woes was news late Wednesday that Senator John McCain has aggressive brain cancer. With a narrow 52-48 Republican majority, their fight for votes becomes even more difficult. McCain, a Republican known for his feisty independence, tweeted, “... unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I’ll be back soon, so stand-by!” As they sought to break the impasse, senators were discussing changes to Medicaid, the government healthcare program for the poor that was expanded under Obamacare. One possibility would give states flexibility to use Medicaid funding to help cover healthcare expenses of people who would lose their Medicaid coverage under the Senate bill’s sharp cuts to the program. Senator Rob Portman, one of the undecideds on the healthcare bill, called the proposal “progress.” But Collins said she had not heard a Medicaid proposal that would tempt her to vote yes. Republicans say Obamacare is a costly intrusion into the healthcare system, but the party is divided between moderates concerned the Senate bill would eliminate insurance for millions of low-income Americans and conservatives who want to see even deeper cuts. McConnell revealed little of his next steps but said Republicans were not giving up. “The fight to move beyond the status quo of Obamacare was certainly never going to be easy,” he told the Senate on Thursday. “But we’ve come a long way, and I look forward to continuing our work together to finally bring relief.” The dramatic week at Congress and in the White House was taking its toll.          “I’m getting a little anxious,” Corker said. He said the best approach would be a repeal, with a delayed effective date by which time lawmakers could develop a replacement. Democrats, who are united in their opposition to the Republican efforts and reveled in this week’s deadlock, told Republicans to abandon their healthcare efforts as they appeared no closer to reconciling policy differences after Wednesday’s meeting.   “It’s time for Congress to pivot away from the bills that are going nowhere,” said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. ",1
2644,White House deregulation push clears out hundreds of proposed rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said Thursday it had withdrawn or removed from active consideration more than 800 proposed regulations that were never finalized during the Obama administration as it works to shrink the federal government’s regulatory footprint. In a report, the Trump administration said it had withdrawn 469 planned actions that had been part of the Obama administration’s regulatory agenda published last fall. Officials also reconsidered 391 active regulatory proceedings by reclassifying them as long-term or inactive “allowing for further careful review,” the White House said. The steps to eliminate regulations makes good on a much-repeated Trump campaign promise to promote business-friendly policies. Investors have anticipated the action, helping to push share prices higher on hopes that fewer regulations will boost business growth and lead to higher corporate profits. The Trump administration has identified nearly 300 regulations related to energy production and environmental protection it plans to rescind, review or delay across three agencies – the Environmental Protection Agency and the Interior and Energy Departments. Trump had identified several of the regulations as targets in his March executive orders on energy, but they will now undergo a formal rulemaking process to be rescinded or revised. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said the administration was addressing “that slow cancer that can come from regulatory burdens that we put on our people.” In February, President Donald Trump signed an executive order to place “regulatory reform” task forces and officers within federal agencies in what may be the most far-reaching effort to pare back U.S. red tape in recent decades. Trump has vowed a sweeping cut in U.S. regulations and previously ordered agencies to repeal two rules for every new one adopted. The Interior Department is reviewing an Obama-era rule that directed companies to reduce venting and flaring and methane leaks from oil and gas production on federal and tribal land, according to a White House semi-annual government-wide regulation report. Representatives of the oil and gas industry cheered.  “We just got through eight years of a regulatory onslaught, aimed at curtailing oil and gas production. So we are very supportive of the administration’s efforts to roll back regulation,” said Kathleen Sgamma, head of the Western Energy Alliance, which represents oil and gas drillers in Western states. She said membership was particularly pleased about the effort to repeal the methane rule, which the industry estimated would have cost about $50,000 per well. Methane is one of the gases scientists say is driving global climate change.  The U.S. Transportation Department said it would review a number of Obama administration proposals that were close to being finalized including making automobile event data recorders mandatory, requiring sounds for electric cars and updating some crash test dummy standards. The government also said it does not plan to complete a number of airline-related regulatory actions within the next year, including new rules required by Congress generally requiring quick automated refunds for any baggage fees when checked luggage is not delivered. The Energy Department listed dozens of energy efficiency standards for commercial and household appliances that it would review. The White House said the regulatory agenda “represents the beginning of fundamental regulatory reform and a reorientation toward reducing unnecessary regulatory burden on the American people.” But some condemned the plan. “Six months into the administration, the only accomplishments the president has had is to rollback, delay and rescind science-based safeguards,” said Yogin Kothari of the Union of Concerned Scientists. “Today’s release of the regulatory agenda confirms just as much. It continues to perpetuate a false narrative that regulations only have costs and no benefits.” Among the labeling requirements pushed back are Agriculture Department rules regarding production labeling on “natural” for meat and poultry as well as the bioengineering disclosure standard. The regulatory agenda calls for the U.S. Labor Department to rescind an Obama-era rule that prohibits restaurants and bars from forcing servers to share their tips with untipped employees such as cooks and dishwashers. That 2011 tip-pooling regulation is also the subject of a legal challenge by the National Restaurant Association, which has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to review the rule. ",1
2645,"Despite recusal, Trump has confidence in Sessions: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has confidence in Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite saying in a New York Times interview on Wednesday that he was disappointed in him for recusing himself from an FBI investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016  election, a White House spokeswoman said on Thursday. “As the president said yesterday, he was disappointed in  the Attorney General Sessions’ decision to recuse himself, but clearly he has confidence in him or he would not be the attorney general,” spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a press briefing. ",1
2646,Moscow in talks with U.S. to create cyber working group: RIA report,"MOSCOW/LONDON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Moscow and Washington are in talks to create a joint cyber security working group, Russia’s RIA news agency reported on Thursday, citing Andrey Krutskikh, a special presidential envoy on cyber security. “The talks are underway ... different proposals are being exchanged, nobody denies the necessity of holding the talks and of having such contacts,” Krutskikh said, according to RIA. Svetlana Lukash, a Russian official who was at the recent G20 summit of global leaders in Hamburg, said earlier this month that Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump had agreed to discuss cyber security questions, either via the United Nations or as part of a working group.     However, U.S. and European intelligence and security officials told Reuters on Thursday they were not participating in the talks, which they said were confined to mid-level political officials. One of the officials, who like the others spoke on condition of anonymity, said cooperation on cyber security was a “pipe dream” while Russia continues to deny that it hacked last year’s U.S. presidential election, as three U.S. intelligence agencies concluded publicly in January. On an Air Force One flight home from Europe last weekend, Thomas Bossert, Trump’s top counterterrorism adviser, told reporters it would be premature to suggest the United States  would be talking to Russia about a possible cyber security “partnership.” “A partnership suggests that you’ve reached a place where you believe that you have a trusted relationship and you’ve come to some common agreement on ideals and goals and behaviors,” he said.  “I don’t believe that the United States and Russia have come to that point yet in cyberspace,” Bossert said. “And until we do, we wouldn’t have the conversation about partnership. But we had to have a dialogue, and that’s where we’ll start.” Trump said earlier this month he had discussed the idea of creating such a group with Putin at the Hamburg summit. Senior U.S. Republicans greeted the idea with incredulity, saying Moscow could not be trusted, and Trump later appeared to back away, saying in a post on Twitter: “The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn’t mean I think it can happen. It can’t.” Widespread concern and confusion about the possible cyber working group reflects the Trump administration’s struggles to articulate a clear approach to international cyber security issues amid inconsistent statements by the president and ongoing personnel changes.  Chris Painter, a widely respected bureaucrat who led the U.S State Department’s international engagement on cyber security, is leaving his post at the end of the month amid media reports that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to shutter Painter’s entire office. Painter is scheduled to testify before the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee next week about cyber diplomacy. White House cyber coordinator Rob Joyce told reporters on Wednesday that no final decision had been made about Office of the Coordinator for Cyber Issues, but said the State Department would continue to play a prominent role in developing cyber norms and brokering international agreements. “I am confident that Secretary Tillerson is not going to impair cyber security,” Joyce said. ",1
2647,Trump administration's NAFTA demands make sense: Union Pacific CEO,"DETROIT (Reuters) - The list of priorities U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer released this week for the renegotiation of NAFTA with Mexico and Canada is reasonable and in line with what the Trump administration has promised to focus on, the head of America’s largest railroad said on Thursday.  “It was a very reasonable document,” Union Pacific Corp (UNP.N) Chief Executive Lance Fritz said in an interview about a list of priorities released this week by Lighthizer. “From our perspective, he (Lighthizer) hit all of the elements that we’ve heard from the administration and they make sense.” Republican U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to exit the North American Free Trade Agreement if it is not renegotiated in favor of the United States. Talks with Mexico and Canada on revisions to the treaty, which came into effect in 1994, are due to start in mid-August.  The top priority for the talks listed by Lighthizer’s office was shrinking the U.S. trade deficit with Canada and Mexico. Union Pacific’s Fritz said that Lighthizer’s focus on intellectual property, labor laws and dispute resolution mechanisms all make sense. “What makes most sense to us is elements (of Lighthizer’s priorities) focusing on the streamlining of freight across the border,” he added. About 40 percent of Union Pacific’s freight volume is based on international trade and about 12 percent is based on cross-border trade with Mexico.  Fritz said that Mexico should continue to be a “good driver” for Union Pacific’s growth.  The CEO spoke to Reuters after Union Pacific posted a better-than-expected second-quarter profit that was lifted in part by a 25-percent jump in coal revenue. Major U.S. railroads have seen a resurgence in coal volumes this year, following two years of precipitous declines as many utilities switched to burning cheaper natural gas and as unseasonable weather resulted in large stockpiles of unburned coal. Union Pacific said on Thursday that coal volumes in the third quarter should be relatively flat versus the same period in 2016. “We expect coal to be a bit more stable moving forward and that’s dependent on natural gas pricing and to some degree weather,” Fritz said. “The large inventory overhang has largely been consumed and that’s the good news.” ",1
2648,White House developing comprehensive biosecurity strategy: official,"ASPEN, Colorado (Reuters) - The Trump administration is developing the first comprehensive strategy to defend the United States against disease pandemics and biological attacks by terrorists, the top White House homeland security official said on Thursday. “We have not had as a country a comprehensive bio-defense strategy ever,” White House homeland security adviser Thomas Bossert told the annual Aspen Security Forum, in Aspen, Colorado. “It’s high time we had a bio-defense strategy.” The effort involves retired Admiral Tim Ziemer, who oversaw the Obama administration’s initiative to fight malaria in Africa, and the White House hopes to publish the new strategy “as soon as we can,” said Bossert, who provided no further details. Bossert noted that the Bush and Obama administrations took steps to address biological threats after letters containing anthrax spores were sent to two Democratic senators and several news organizations in the weeks following the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. The spores infected 22 people, five of whom died. But, he added, “There have been a lot of fits and starts in our investments.” “At this point, we need to look clear eyed at the fact that we may have a devastating pandemic influenza or an intentional anthrax attack,” said Bossert. He noted recent news reports that scientists in Canada used commercially available genetic material to construct the extinct horse pox virus, a relative of the small pox virus, which claimed tens of millions of lives before being wiped out. “That’s (horsepox) not going to kill any of us, but that suggests that somebody might now in the future possess the ability to produce synthetic small pox without a live virus and that scares me to death,” he said. The threat of disease pandemics demands global attention, he said. Some experts have criticized the Trump administration for seeking reductions in funding for global health programs that they contend would hurt the country’s ability to prevent and respond to biological threats like pandemics. Bossert, however, said that the administration plans to give “full-throated support” to the Global Health Security Agenda, a partnership of more than 50 nations and international organizations that works to build countries’ capacities to prevent and fight infectious diseases. ",1
2649,U.S. Senate panel approves Trump pick for top Treasury tax job,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led U.S. Senate Finance Committee unanimously on Thursday approved President Donald Trump’s pick for the Treasury Department’s top tax policy job, sending the nomination on to consideration by the full Senate. David Kautter, a former Senate legislative aide and long-time tax policy expert, would play a key role in the Republican push to overhaul the U.S. tax code this year, if confirmed by the 100-seat chamber as assistant Treasury secretary for tax policy.  “I’m hoping that he can be confirmed by the full Senate in short order,” said Senator Orrin Hatch, the finance committee’s Republican chairman.   No floor vote has been scheduled.   Kautter was most recently a tax partner at the firm RSM, which provides tax and audit services. He was also director of American University’s Kogod Tax Center and had a long career at the auditing and consulting firm Ernst & Young LLP. Republicans are trying to pursue tax reform along partisan lines though a parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation, which would allow them to pass tax legislation by a simple majority in the Senate. Republicans control the chamber by only a 52-48 margin and would need 60 votes for tax reform without reconciliation. Democrats reject the Republican approach to tax reform, which they say would benefit corporations and the wealthy but do little for middle-class families.     Senator Ron Wyden, the finance panel’s top Democrat, said he decided to support Kautter because he believed the nominee would work to make tax reform a bipartisan effort between Republicans and Democrats. “Bringing both sides together on the tax reform question is the key to a major set of economic reforms that will help us create more good-paying jobs and grow wages for working-class families,” Wyden said. “It is my hope that Mr. Kautter can help bring Republicans and Democrats together.” Democrats initially criticized Kautter for not doing more as national tax director at Ernst & Young to prevent a tax avoidance scandal involving tax shelters for wealthy clients that led to criminal charges more than a decade ago.  Kautter told lawmakers in a hearing this week that he regretted not doing more.  ",1
2650,Republicans meet late into night as Trump demands new U.S. healthcare plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans struggling to agree on healthcare legislation to overhaul Obamacare obeyed U.S. President Donald Trump’s orders to try to swiftly reach a deal but were unable to resolve their differences in a long, late-night meeting. Earlier on Wednesday, Trump took Senate Republicans to task for failing to agree on how to dismantle Obamacare, as a new report showed 32 million Americans would lose health insurance if senators opt to repeal the law without a replacement. Trump gathered 49 Republican senators for a White House lunch after a bill to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act collapsed on Monday amid dissent from a handful of the party’s conservatives and moderates.  After Trump’s exhortation to keep trying, party members met with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price behind closed doors on Wednesday night to try to finally come together on a major Republican promise of the past seven years - undoing former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislation, popularly known as Obamacare. There was no immediate breakthrough. “We still have some issues that divide us,” said Senator Ted Cruz, a conservative who has proposed letting insurers offer cheaper bare-bones plans that do not comply with Obamacare regulations.  Republicans attending the late meeting sent their staff away in order to talk frankly and Senator John Kennedy said everyone was negotiating in good faith but he added he did not know if they would reach agreement.  Almost all the other senators rushed off after the meeting without comment. As it was getting underway, the nearly two dozen Republican senators were shaken by news that their colleague, veteran Senator John McCain, had been diagnosed with brain cancer. McCain’s absence from the Senate makes the job of passing a healthcare bill more difficult because leaders need every Republican vote they can get. “Obviously, I think more people are worried about his health than thinking about the math. You understand the math. Obviously it makes things difficult,” Senator Bob Corker said as he left the meeting. Trump had taken a hands-off approach to the healthcare debate last week and suggested on Tuesday that he was fine with  letting Obamacare fail. Then on Wednesday he switched course and demanded senators stay in Washington through their planned August recess until they find common ground on healthcare. “We can repeal, but we should repeal and replace, and we shouldn’t leave town until this is complete,” Trump said at the meeting. Trump made the repeal and replacement of Obamacare, which he has called a “disaster,” a central promise of his 2016 campaign. Even with Trump’s new push, Republican leaders in the Senate face a difficult task getting moderates and conservatives to agree on an overhaul that can pass. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had planned to hold a straight repeal vote next week, but several Republican senators have already said they oppose that approach.  Thirty-two million Americans would lose their health insurance by 2026 if Obamacare is scrapped without an alternative in place, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office reported on Wednesday, while 17 million would become uninsured next year alone.  At the same time, premiums on individual insurance plans would rise 25 percent next year and double by 2026.  The CBO’s estimates were unchanged from a previous report that assessed the impact of a 2015 bill to repeal Obamacare that passed the House of Representatives and Senate and was vetoed by Obama.  Democrats were swift to highlight the CBO’s assessment, while Republicans remained silent. “President Trump and Republicans have repeatedly promised to lower premiums and increase coverage, yet each proposal they offer would do the opposite,” Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer said in a statement.     Insurers and hospitals have lobbied against straight repeal, saying the limbo would increase uncertainty and their costs. “CBO projects half the country would have no insurers in the individual market by 2020 under the new repeal bill. That’s a true death spiral,” tweeted Larry Levitt, vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation, a healthcare research group. Republicans say Obamacare is a costly intrusion into the healthcare system. But the party is divided between moderates concerned the Senate bill would eliminate insurance for millions of low-income Americans and conservatives who want to see even deeper cuts to Obamacare, which boosted the number of Americans with health insurance by 20 million through mandates on individuals and employers, and income-based subsidies. Moderate Republican Senators Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski and Shelley Moore Capito said they opposed McConnell’s plan for a repeal that would take effect in two years. All three attended the lunch with Trump. With Democrats united in opposition to repeal, McConnell can only lose two votes from the Republicans’ 52-48 majority in the 100-seat Senate to pass healthcare legislation. Opponents of repeal protested throughout Senate buildings on Wednesday afternoon, leading to 155 arrests, police said. Demonstrators returned in the evening to yell as senators arrived for the meeting. Party fractures also emerged in the House of Representatives. The chamber passed a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare in May. But on Wednesday, the House Freedom Caucus, the Republican Party’s conservative wing, filed a petition to vote on a straight repeal. House Speaker Paul Ryan’s spokeswoman, AshLee Strong, said: “The House passed an Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill we are proud of and we hope the Senate will take similar action.”     ",1
2651,Latest Senate healthcare bill would leave 22 millio without insurance: CBO,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The latest version of Senate Republicans’ legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act would leave 22 million Americans without health insurance coverage by 2026, the U.S. Congressional Budget office said on Thursday. The Senate healthcare bill, which Senate Leader Mitch McConnell shelved on Monday, would reduce U.S. deficits by $420 billion over the coming decade by reducing spending on Medicaid spending and non-group health insurance, the CBO said. ",1
2652,Senate panel approves Wray's nomination as FBI director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday unanimously approved the nomination of Christopher Wray to be FBI director following the dismissal of the agency’s former chief, James Comey, by President Donald Trump. All 20 members of the committee voted to approve Wray, a white-collar crime lawyer and former assistant attorney general under President George W. Bush, sending his nomination to the full Senate for a vote.  Trump nominated Wray last month after firing Comey during an FBI investigation into whether Trump campaign associates colluded with the Russians to help him with the 2016 presidential election. ",1
2653,Trump says he should not have picked Sessions as attorney general: NY Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would not have appointed Jeff Sessions as attorney general if he had known Sessions would recuse himself from the Russia investigation, according to a New York Times interview. “Sessions should have never recused himself and if he was going to recuse himself he should have told me before he took the job and I would have picked somebody else,” the Times quoted Trump as saying. Sessions recused himself in March from the probe into allegations of Russia’s meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible ties between Russians and the Trump campaign. He did so after failing to disclose at his confirmation hearing that he had held meetings last year with Russia’s ambassador. A Sessions spokesman declined a Reuters request for comment.  There were media reports last month that Sessions, a former U.S. senator who was an early supporter of Trump’s campaign, had offered to resign because of tensions with Trump over the recusal. Trump also told the New York Times that a conversation he had with Russian President Vladimir Putin during a dinner at the Group of 20 summit in Germany earlier this month lasted about 15 minutes and was mostly about “pleasantries.” That conversation has sparked controversy because it was only disclosed on Tuesday.  Ian Bremmer, the president of political risk consultancy Eurasia Group, has said the meeting lasted about an hour. ",1
2654,"Senator Corker backs Obamacare repeal with ""reasonable"" transition: statement","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Bob Corker on Thursday said he backed repealing the Affordable Care Act, the 2010 law also known as Obamacare, as long as the effort also included “a reasonable transition period.”  “This takes us back to a level playing field where, by a certain date, all sides have incentive to work together to develop a health care replacement that can generate broad support and will stand the test of time,” Corker said in a statement posted on Twitter. ",1
2655,"U.S., China fail to agree on trade issues, casting doubt on other issues","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and China failed on Wednesday to agree on major new steps to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China, casting doubt over President Donald Trump’s economic and security relations with Beijing.  The annual economic dialogue session in Washington ended with canceled news conferences, no joint statement and no new announcements on U.S. market access to China. The two sides had a “frank exchange” but failed to agree on most major bilateral trade and economic issues that were important to the United States, a senior U.S. official said on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly. These included U.S. demands for access to China’s financial services markets, reducing excess Chinese steel capacity, reductions in auto tariffs, cutting subsidies for state-owned enterprises, ending Chinese requirements for data localization and lifting ownership caps for foreign firms in China, the official said. “China acknowledged our shared objective to reduce the trade deficit which both sides will work cooperatively to achieve,”     U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a brief statement, highlighting a rare point of consensus. The Chinese embassy in Washington cast the talks in a positive light, saying in a statement that both sides had acknowledged “significant progress” on the 100-day talks and would to work together to reduce the trade deficit. “The two sides will expand areas of cooperation in services and increase trade in services; expand mutual investment, and create a more open, equitable, transparent and convenient investment environment,” the embassy said. Both sides agreed that one of the solutions to address the trade imbalance is for the United States to expand exports to China, instead of reducing imports from China, said Chinese Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao after the conclusion of the talks. To address the imbalance, China has been urging the United States to remove regulations on export control and increase the exports of high-tech products to China, the official Xinhua news agency cited Zhu as saying.  China will push for this in a one-year action plan for economic cooperation which both sides discussed, Zhu said.  FAR FROM MAR-A-LAGO The session had been billed as a follow-up to Trump’s first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-A-Lago, Florida, estate in April when Trump hailed Xi’s cooperation in curbing the threat from North Korea. Trump said that this would lead to better trade terms for China. The two leaders launched a 100-day economic plan that has produced some industry-specific announcements, including the resumption of American beef sales in China and pledged to grant limited U.S. access to some financial services sectors. But there have been no new initiatives since, and Trump has grown increasingly frustrated with China’s lack of pressure on North Korea. His administration has threatened new sanctions on small Chinese banks and other firms doing business with Pyongyang.  Ross and Mnuchin said the U.S. position on the China trade relationship would be guided by “the principles of balance, fairness, and reciprocity on matters of trade will continue to guide the American position so we can give American workers and businesses an opportunity to compete on a level playing field.” China’s delegation leader, Vice Premier Wang Yang, left the Treasury building without speaking to reporters. Earlier, he had warned that confrontation between the two countries would be damaging. Investors interpreted the negative signals from the talks and lack of new trade announcements as making it more likely that Trump would forge ahead with broad steel tariffs or quotas based on a national security review, sending steelmakers’ shares soaring. Shares of United States Steel Corp closed up 4.8 percent, while AK Steel rose 3.6 percent and Nucor rose 2.2 percent. Trump, asked by a reporter at the White House after the stock market closed whether he would impose steel tariffs, said: “Could happen.” Potential steel tariffs, which could be announced in the coming weeks, were expected to be a difficult topic in the U.S.-China talks. Ross has blamed massive Chinese excess capacity for a global steel glut that is hurting U.S. producers. Wednesday’s deadlock was unsettling for U.S. business groups that had hoped to put more cracks in Beijing’s market access barriers and obviate more aggressive measures from the White House that could destabilize trade ties. “We are disappointed the Comprehensive Economic Dialogue ended at an apparent impasse. It is important for governments to take tangible steps to address long-standing issues and ensure the commercial relationship remains a source of stability in the overall relationship,” said Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council.  Even if the U.S. and Chinese governments fail to agree on more substantive trade terms, corporate chief executive officers from the two countries pledged to deepen their cooperation and joint investment efforts. Led by Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman and Alibaba Group CEO Jack Ma, a group of 20 executives said they were committing to increase bilateral trade, including the export of U.S. agricultural goods, liquefied natural gas and consumer products to China. “A stable, growing economic relationship between the United States and China is mutually beneficial to the people of our two countries and for the world,” Ma and Schwarzman said in a statement. ",1
2656,Inside Trump's last-gasp effort to save Senate healthcare overhaul,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Dining on rib-eye steak and peach cobbler with a group of senators, President Donald Trump was cautiously optimistic that Republican efforts to overhaul Obamacare were in good shape.  Then came word that two Republican senators not at the dinner - Mike Lee of Utah and Jerry Moran of Kansas - had announced their opposition to the healthcare proposals put forward by party leaders in the Senate. The setback on Monday night triggered a last-gasp effort by the president and top aides to keep the legislation from dying. He called 49 Republican senators over to the White House for lunch and a scolding on Wednesday, telling them they needed to settle their differences and that they should postpone their summer recess until a deal was done. “For seven years you promised the American people you would repeal Obamacare. People are hurting and frankly inaction is not an option,” said Trump, who desperately wants a legislative victory to make good on his campaign promises to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare. It is by no means clear if Trump’s pressure can help Republicans overcome sharp differences between moderates who want to preserve health insurance for their constituents and conservatives insisting on lower costs. But after doing little over the past few weeks to win senators’ support for the controversial legislation, Trump is now staking his reputation on getting them to cut a deal. Senior White House aides said on Wednesday the president sensed the healthcare effort could be salvaged despite the grim outlook. After a series of conversations with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as well as Lee, Senator John Cornyn of Texas and others, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus told Trump he felt it was possible to keep the effort alive. Trump agreed, based on his own talks with senators, and told aides he was hearing that “a lot of people don’t want this to be over,” an aide said.  Senator Ted Cruz, who has led conservative criticisms of the proposals, was also sounding more positive. So Trump dispatched Vice President Mike Pence and Priebus to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to see if there was room to maneuver, the aides said. Pence and Priebus worked the room, talking to nearly every  senator present and urging them not to concede defeat. The two men reported back to Trump and he decided to invite the Republican senators for lunch, the aides said.  At that lunch, beneath the portrait of Abraham Lincoln in the White House’s State Dining Room, Trump made clear he wanted the senators to go back to the drawing board before heading out on vacation in August. “Any senator who doesn’t vote to open debate is really saying they’re okay with Obamacare,” he told the room. “We shouldn’t leave town until this is complete, until this bill is on my desk and until we all go over to the Oval Office, I’ll sign it and we can celebrate with the American people.” Some of the senators who have opposed parts of the legislative effort were strategically placed around the room. Next to Trump was Senator Dean Heller of Nevada and Lee was next to Pence. Trump referred to Heller with a chuckle, “Look, he wants to remain a senator, doesn’t he?”  The comment drew a wry smile from Heller. After nearly two hours of talks over lunch, the group agreed to meet on Wednesday night to start talks on whether the hurdles could be overcome. But Cruz said after the meeting that they were still divided on some issues. Every Democrat in the Senate is opposed to the repeal of Obamacare, so it can only pass if Republicans are united. Polls show the proposals are unpopular, so some Republican lawmakers fear a backlash. White House aides said they hope an agreement can be worked out by next week. ",1
2657,"Trump's son, close associates to appear before Senate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr., son-in-law Jared Kushner and former campaign manager Paul Manafort have been asked to appear before U.S. Senate committees next week to answer questions about the campaign’s alleged connections to Russia, officials said on Wednesday. The three men are the closest associates of the president to be called to speak to lawmakers involved in probing Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Trump, who came into office in January, has been dogged by allegations that his campaign officials were connected to Russia, which U.S. intelligence agencies have accused of interfering in last year’s election.  Trump has denied any collusion.  The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee said on Wednesday that it had called Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and  Manafort to testify on July 26 at a hearing. The president’s son released emails earlier this month that showed him eagerly agreeing to meet last year with a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The meeting was also attended by Manafort and Kushner, who is now a senior adviser at the White House. Kushner is scheduled to be interviewed by the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday, July 24, behind closed doors. “Working with and being responsive to the schedules of the committees, we have arranged Mr. Kushner’s interview with the Senate for July 24,” Kushner’s attorney, Abbe Lowell, said in a statement. “He will continue to cooperate and appreciates the opportunity to assist in putting this matter to rest.” A special counsel, Robert Mueller, is also conducting an investigation of Russian meddling in the U.S. election and any collusion between Moscow and Trump’s campaign.  The issue has overshadowed Trump’s tenure in office and irritated the president, who told the New York Times on Wednesday that he would not have appointed ally and former Senator Jeff Sessions as attorney general if he had known Sessions would recuse himself from oversight of the Russia probe. “Sessions should have never recused himself, and if he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me before he took the job and I would have picked somebody else,” Trump said in the interview. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, a Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee, said the committee’s hearing would enable the panel to begin to get testimony under oath. “There has been an enormous amount that has been said publicly but it’s not under oath, which means that people are free to omit matters or lie with relative impunity,” Whitehouse told CNN. The Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting one of the main investigations of Russia’s meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion by Trump associates, but the Judiciary committee has been looking into related issues. The public Judiciary hearing on Wednesday will look into rules governing the registration of agents working for foreign governments in the United States and foreign attempts to influence U.S. elections. Chuck Grassley, the committee’s Republican chairman, has said he wanted to question the Trump associates, but has also raised concerns about why the Obama administration allowed Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who attended the Trump Tower meeting in June, into the United States.  He also has called before the committee and threatened to subpoena Glenn Simpson, a co-founder of Fusion GPS, a firm that commissioned former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele to dig up opposition research on Trump, when he was a presidential candidate. ",1
2658,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 19) - Republican Senators, Healthcare bill, McCain","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America! [0830 EDT] - The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime. The Dems scream death as OCare dies! [0846 EDT] - Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. t.co/fONWVlmYyz [2233 EDT] - Yesterday @VP Pence and I hosted service members for a luncheon at the @WhiteHouse. Full remarks here: bit.ly/2tH5iDn [1030 EDT] - It was a great honor hearing from American-made companies at the #MadeInAmerica Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse. [1702 EDT] - Today I delivered remarks with @VP at the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity Meeting: 45.wh.gov/CZ2wu9 [1804 EDT] - Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. [2137 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2659,China says 'significant progress' was made on 100-day trade plan with U.S.,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday that it and the United States acknowledged “significant progress” on a 100-day action plan for trade and discussed a one-year plan on economic cooperation. The Chinese embassy in Washington made the comments in a statement after an annual economic dialogue ended there on Wednesday with canceled news conferences. The talks failed to agree on major new steps to reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China, casting doubt over President Donald Trump’s economic and security relations with Beijing. ",1
2660,House panel approves budget measure that advances tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives took a new step toward tax reform legislation on Wednesday by approving a fiscal 2018 budget resolution that would allow the Senate to pass a sweeping tax code overhaul without Democratic support. The House Budget Committee voted 22-14 along party lines to send the measure to the floor of the House for consideration by the full chamber, a day after the $4 trillion spending blueprint was unveiled.  But it was not clear how the measure would fare in the full House, where it could become embroiled in Republican infighting between conservatives and moderates similar to the political tug-of-war that caused healthcare legislation to disintegrate in the Senate this week.  Both the House and Senate must approve a budget agreement to unlock a legislative tool called reconciliation, which would allow Republicans to pass tax legislation with a simple majority in the Senate. Republicans control the chamber by only a 52-48 margin. Democrats oppose the Republican budget and Republican plans for a tax reform bill that is likely to offer steep tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. The House budget resolution would combine tax cuts in the same legislation as $203 billion in spending cuts to mandatory programs including food assistance for the poor. Enough Republican conservatives to prevent its passage already oppose the plan, because they believe it does not go far enough to cut spending. But Republican moderates are against larger cuts. Some House conservatives also want to see a Republican tax reform plan before supporting a budget that would facilitate its passage. The Trump administration and Republican leaders in Congress are not expected to unveil a tax plan until September.     The budget resolution would also bundle a partial repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law into the same legislation as taxes and spending cuts. ",1
2661,Trump administration touts plans to reduce regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration on Wednesday touted its effort to roll back federal regulations by targeting a range of government rules ranging from a “paperwork burden on outdoor enthusiasts” to plans to regulate oil and gas development on Indian reservations. The White House Office of Management and Budget plans to release a fuller update about its de-regulation plans on Thursday. In a preview released on Wednesday, it said the Department of Interior planned to cut down on paperwork required for using federal lands by people who enjoy the outdoors, “sport fish restoration programs,” and Native American tribes. It also said the Environmental Protection Agency would stop pursuing a “costly and premature” plan to regulate oil and gas development in the Uintah and Ouray Indian reservations. ",1
2662,Trump to nominate Raytheon lobbyist for Army secretary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate a Raytheon Co (RTN.N) lobbyist, Mark Esper, for the position of secretary of the Army, the White House said on Wednesday. The position has been challenging for Trump to fill. Two previous nominees withdrew their names from consideration. Before Esper joined U.S. missile maker Raytheon in 2010 as vice president government relations he held posts at industry advocacy groups like the Aerospace Industries Association and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Esper graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, retired from the U.S. Army as a lieutenant colonel and is a veteran of the Gulf War, according to a Raytheon memo announcing his hiring. ",1
2663,Exclusive: Republicans could target Obamacare tax in wider tax overhaul - Brady,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans will consider using planned tax reform to eliminate one of the biggest taxes in Obamacare, if the Senate fails to overturn the healthcare law, a senior Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Wednesday.  Kevin Brady, the top Republican on tax policy in the House as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, said Republicans will look at the 3.8 percent Net Investment Income Tax in discussions aimed at unveiling a tax reform plan in September. The levy is a weight on economic growth, he said in an interview with Reuters. Efforts by Republicans to overhaul or repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, collapsed in the Senate on Tuesday in a major setback for Republican President Donald Trump. Given a wholesale repeal or overhaul now seems imperiled, Republicans are looking at other ways to attack a law they have vowed to overturn since it was signed by Democratic former President Barack Obama seven years ago. Brady said tax legislation was unlikely to be able to include the repeal of other Obamacare taxes. Doing so would result in about $1 trillion in additional revenue losses over a decade, cutting into efforts to avoid adding to the federal deficit in the overall tax package, he said.  “Will we look at the Net Investment Income Tax provision? Yes, mainly because it is incredibly anti-growth the way it is today,” Brady said. But he was cautious about a full repeal of the tax, given the large revenues involved and the fact that some Senate Republicans resisted overturning it as part of the healthcare bill that was under consideration. The tax raises $172.2 billion in revenue over 10 years to fund Obamacare, including health insurance subsidies for individuals.  Its repeal is viewed by critics, including some moderate Republicans, as a tax cut for the wealthy since the tax hits individuals who earn more than $200,000 a year and married couples with more than $250,000 in earnings. Brady said he was most concerned about the investment tax’s effect on small businesses.  “It doesn’t just affect high earners. It goes across a broad spectrum of small business and captures too much of their activity as well. So we will take a look at that,” he said. However, he noted, “You’ve got to ask the question: if it couldn’t pass the Senate in healthcare, can it pass the Senate in tax reform?”  But he added: “Leaving that in place, from an economic standpoint, is a mistake.” ",1
2664,"U.S., China disagreed on how to reduce U.S. trade deficit: official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior U.S. and Chinese officials on Wednesday failed to agree on major steps needed from Beijing to help reduce the U.S. trade deficit with China during an annual economic dialogue meeting, a Trump administration official said. The official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the talks and requested anonymity, said that the disagreements covered most areas important to the United States, including access to China’s financial services markets, steel overcapacity, trade in autos, Chinese requirements for data localization and ownership caps for foreign firms. But amid a “frank exchange,” the official said it was important that the Chinese delegation acknowledged the need to reduce U.S. trade deficit and work toward that goal.      ",1
2665,U.S. says China acknowledged goal of reducing bilateral trade deficit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China acknowledged a shared goal of reducing the trade deficit with the United States during day-long talks, the U.S. Treasury said on Wednesday. In a brief statement after the U.S.-China Comprehensive Economic Dialogue, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross offered few details of the talks. There was no sign of agreement on major issues involving trade and U.S. demands that China open its markets more to American companies. “China acknowledged our shared objective to reduce the trade deficit which both sides will work cooperatively to achieve,” the statement said. ",1
2666,U.S. top court rejects Trump bid to include grandparents in travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court rejected on Wednesday a bid by President Donald Trump to include grandparents and other relatives of Americans in his travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries. But in a partial win for Trump, the court gave the government more leeway to enforce a separate ban on refugees that was included in a March 6 executive order the president said was necessary for national security. A federal judge had ruled against the government on the scope of both bans last Thursday, prompting the administration to seek Supreme Court intervention. The high court’s mixed decision means that, for now, grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, and siblings-in-law are not covered by the 90-day travel ban on people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen who want to enter the United States. The court’s action on refugees could block entry of up to  24,000 refugees who have a connection to a U.S. resettlement agency, according to court papers. The Trump administration has said that even if all 24,000 were able to travel, not all of them would have been able to do so during the 120 days the refugee ban is in effect.  The brief order said the court’s decision is temporary while the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals considers a separate appeal on the same issue. Three of the conservatives on the court of nine justices noted that they would have granted Trump’s request in full. In a statement, the U.S. Department of Justice said it “looks forward to presenting its arguments” to the 9th Circuit.  Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin, who challenged the bans in court, said in a statement that his office also is preparing arguments for the appeals court on the refugee issue. Chin said the Supreme Court had validated Hawaii’s position “that the Trump administration over-reached in trying to unilaterally keep families apart from each other.” Naureen Shah, senior director of campaigns at Amnesty International USA, said in a statement that the decision on refugees “jeopardizes the safety of thousands of people across the world including vulnerable families fleeing war and violence.” The Supreme Court also announced on Wednesday that it has scheduled oral arguments on broad questions on the lawfulness of the ban for Oct. 10. The Trump administration last Friday asked the high court to  overturn a decision on Thursday by U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii, which limited the scope of the administration’s temporary ban on travelers and the 120-day ban on refugees. The latest round in the fight over Trump’s executive order began after the Supreme Court intervened last month to partially revive the two bans. Both had been blocked by lower courts. The Supreme Court said then that the bans could take effect, but that people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred.  The administration had narrowly interpreted that language, saying the ban would apply to grandparents and other family members. Hawaii asked Judge Watson to expand the definition of those who could be admitted and he ruled in favor of the state. ",1
2667,U.S. lawmaker acknowledges corporate lobbying helped derail border tax,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An aggressive corporate lobbying effort to derail a Republican-backed border tax has forced lawmakers working on tax reform to seek alternatives, Kevin Brady, chairman of the tax-writing U.S. House Ways and Means Committee, said on Wednesday. “To their credit, they mobilized quickly and aggressively, and yes, it had an impact,” Brady told Reuters. It was a rare instance of a lawmaker acknowledging the impact of industry in lawmaking. The proposed border adjustment tax on U.S. companies that move jobs abroad and import products back into the U.S. market was meant to be a linchpin of a Republican tax overhaul in the House of Representatives.  Brady said leading companies that rely on imports lobbied aggressively, eroding Republican support for the border tax.  While not declaring the proposed border tax dead, Brady acknowledged being open to alternatives that would accomplish the same goals, primarily removing incentives for American companies to move operations overseas. Retailers were united in their response. Led by the Retail Industry Leaders Association, CEOs of Target (TGT.N) and Autozone (AZO.N) and lobbyists for auto manufacturers like Toyota (7203.T) met with members of Congress and the administration.  “I have seen no other issue bring the retail industry closer together than this one,” said Brian Dodge, spokesman for the association. “The threat to retailers was enormous and the response needed to be swift and strong.” “We are proud of the work we have done and the impact we have had, but we are not done yet,” he said. “As long as leaders continue to defend the BAT, the threat remains and our fight continues.”    The National Retail Federation, a group that includes large and small retail business owners and also helped launch the coalition against the tax, took a group of small business owners to Washington this week to argue against the border tax.  Earlier this year they took 20 CEOs to Washington and have been running television advertisements in home districts of lawmakers they were working to persuade.  In 150 meetings with lawmakers this week, they drove home how the tax would force them to raise prices. “Hardest hit would be low and middle-income consumers, especially those on a fixed income,” NRF Senior Vice President David French wrote to Brady in a letter on Wednesday. The failure of Republicans to repeal Obamacare, the signature 2010 healthcare overhaul of Democratic former President Barack Obama, has many in Congress now turning their attention to tax. Republican President Donald Trump has vowed to sign a tax overhaul into law this year. Both political parties have voiced support for an overhaul, but expectations of progress have been tempered by their varying approaches, a lack of cooperation on healthcare, and corporate opposition to the House Republican plan. Commenting on the border-adjustment tax, House Speaker Paul Ryan said: “I understand it’s controversial and some people don’t like it.”  Ryan told The Mike Gallagher Show syndicated radio program on Wednesday: “At the end of the day, what matters is we get tax reform that we can all agree to, and so we’re working toward that consensus ... We’re going to get there.” ",1
2668,Trump declines invitation to speak at NAACP convention,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has declined an invitation to address the annual convention of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Wednesday. The White House did not offer any details on why Trump would not speak to the 108-year-old civil rights group. “My understanding is that the invitation has been declined for this year,” Sanders told reporters at a briefing. She said that while Trump would not speak at the conference, the White House would be happy to have a dialogue with the group.  “We would certainly like to be able to continue to do that,” Sanders said. The NAACP did not immediately respond to request for comment.  Trump had declined to speak at the NAACP convention last year because it coincided with the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, where he was formally nominated as the party’s presidential candidate. Previous Republican presidential nominees regularly attended the annual meetings of the oldest U.S. civil rights organization. Trump’s most recent predecessors in the White House, Barack Obama, a Democrat, and George W. Bush, a Republican, both delivered speeches to the NAACP during their time in office.    This year’s NAACP convention begins Saturday in Baltimore. During his campaign, Trump pledged to improve the lives of black Americans, who voted overwhelmingly in favor of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, in the 2016 presidential election. Trump has been criticized by some groups, including the Congressional Black Caucus, for not doing enough to address issues in the African-American community. ",1
2669,Rocky start to U.S.-China talks pushes steel shares higher,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of steel makers rallied on Wednesday after a rocky start to U.S.-China economic talks raised expectations that President Donald Trump would impose tariffs on steel imports. The S&P 1500 steel index .SPCOMSTEEL jumped 2.3 percent to its highest level since early May. U.S. Steel (X.N) rose 4.9 percent, AK Steel (AKS.N) gained 3.6 percent and Nucor (NUE.N) climbed 2.2 percent.    In opening remarks at an annual summer dialogue between Washington and Beijing, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross criticized China’s $347 billion trade surplus with the United States.      Ross’s comments heightened expectations on Wall Street that Trump would follow through on threats to apply new tariffs to remedy a “big problem” of steel dumping from China and others. “Investors are essentially handicapping a probability that Trump will announce a broad-based anti-dumping measure on steel imports,” said Longbow Research analyst Christopher Olin. Honoring a promise made in the 2016 election campaign, in April this year Trump initiated a “Section 232” review of the steel industry, a provision in the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 allowing for the imposition of tariffs or quotas on imports if  national security is threatened.  Steel producers in the United States, like U.S. Steel Corp and AK Steel, stand to benefit from protectionist tariffs which would enable them to raise their prices. But such tariffs would hurt U.S. manufacturers who buy steel. KeyBanc Capital Markets analyst Philip Gibbs said speculation that the Commerce Department would soon release its section 232 report was helping steel stocks. He added that potential U.S. tariffs on steel could be found illegal by the World Trade Organization. ",1
2670,Trump presses fraud concerns as panel begins investigation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump pressed his unproven claims of voter fraud on Wednesday at the first meeting of a commission he created to study the issue, and implied states that did not share voter data with the panel had something to hide. The panel has faced lacerating criticism from Democrats and voting rights groups that argued it could be a vehicle for changes that would make it harder for lawful voters to cast ballots - and by a number of state governments reluctant to hand over information about their voters to the White House. Despite evidence from state officials from both parties that voter fraud is rare in U.S. elections, Trump has claimed that millions of illegal immigrants voted in the November 2016 election. “Every time voter fraud occurs it cancels out the vote of a lawful citizen,” he told the commission. “Any form of illegal or fraudulent voting, whether by non-citizens or the deceased, and any form of voter suppression or intimidation must be stopped.” Trump won the state-by-state Electoral College tally that decides the presidential race, but he lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes to his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. He established the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity in May and assigned Vice President Mike Pence to lead it. The panel will next gather in September, and hold at least four more meetings over nine months. Some members of the panel emphasized that even small numbers of illegal votes could affect the outcome of elections. Bill Gardner, a Democrat who has been involved in almost 500 vote recounts in New Hampshire since becoming its secretary of state in 1976, said he has seen 11 end in a tie, 32 decided by one vote, and 202 by fewer than 10 votes. “I am a witness that every vote matters, and it doesn’t need to be massive voter fraud to sway the outcome,” Gardner said.  Alan King, a Democrat who is a probate judge from Jefferson County in Alabama, said he has not seen evidence of voter fraud - but said local governments need help from Congress to keep up with changing technology. “We can talk about elections a lot, but if people can’t vote because the machines don’t work, we’ve got a massive, massive problem,” said King. Civil rights groups and Democratic lawmakers have said the commission could lead to new ID requirements and other measures making it harder to vote. “I can tell you, President Trump, that we will be watching your commission,” said U.S. Representative Terri Sewell of Alabama, an African-American whose district includes the civil rights landmarks Selma, Montgomery and Birmingham, where, she said, “people died, bled and fought for the right to vote.” The panel ran headlong into controversy last month when its vice chair, Kris Kobach, the Republican secretary of state for Kansas and an advocate of tougher laws on immigration and voter identification, asked states to turn over voter information. The data requested by Kobach included names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliation, felony convictions and voting histories. More than 20 states refused outright and others said they needed to study whether they could provide the data.  Trump questioned the states’ refusal, saying, “If any state does not want to share this information, one has to wonder what they’re worried about? ... There’s something, there always is.” Several federal lawsuits have been filed against the voting commission. The American Civil Liberties Union’s lawsuit alleged that the panel failed to comply with federal transparency laws, and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund alleged the commission was formed with the intent to discriminate against voters of color. Other lawsuits, including one from the Electronic Privacy Information Center, raised concerns about Americans’ privacy. ",1
2671,Trump says tariffs on steel imports 'could happen',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, asked by a reporter on Wednesday if he would impose tariffs on steel imports, said it “could happen.” Trump initiated a ‘Section 232’ review of the U.S. steel industry that allows for the imposition of tariffs or quotas on imports if they are found to threaten national security. His Commerce Department has not yet issued its findings. ",1
2672,"Trump, Putin had previously undisclosed visit at G20 dinner","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin had a previously undisclosed conversation during a dinner for G20 leaders at a summit earlier this month in Germany, a White House official said on Tuesday. The two leaders held a formal two-hour bilateral meeting on July 7 in which Trump later said Putin denied allegations that he directed efforts to meddle in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Trump’s interactions with the Russian leader were scrutinized closely because of those allegations, which have dominated his first six months in the White House, and Trump’s comments as a presidential candidate praising the former KGB spy. Trump and Putin first met at the G20 during a gathering of other leaders, which was shown in a video. They later held the  bilateral meeting, which was attended briefly by a pool of reporters.  In the evening, both men attended a dinner with G20 leaders. Putin was seated next to U.S. first lady Melania Trump. The U.S. president went over to them at the conclusion of the dinner and visited with Putin, the official said. That conversation had not been previously disclosed. “There was no ‘second meeting’ between President Trump and President Putin, just a brief conversation at the end of a dinner. The insinuation that the White House has tried to ‘hide’ a second meeting is false, malicious and absurd,” the official said. In a tweet late on Tuesday, Trump said: “Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is “sick.” All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!” News of the conversation, first reported by Ian Bremmer, the president of political risk consultancy Eurasia Group, could raise renewed concern as Congress and a special counsel investigate allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered to help Trump, a Republican, win the presidency. Trump says there was no collusion and Russia denies interference in the election. Bremmer said Trump got up from his seat halfway through dinner and spent about an hour talking “privately and animatedly” with Putin, “joined only by Putin’s own translator.” The lack of a U.S. translator raised eyebrows among other leaders at the dinner, said Bremmer, who called it a “breach of national security protocol.” The White House official said the leaders and their spouses were only permitted to have one translator attend the dinner. Trump sat next to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s wife. His translator spoke Japanese. “When President Trump spoke to President Putin, the two leaders used the Russian translator, since the American translator did not speak Russian,” the official said. A U.S. official who was briefed by some of his counterparts about the encounter said some of the leaders who attended the dinner were surprised to see Trump leave his seat and engage Putin in an extended private conversation with no one else from the U.S. side present. “No one is sure what their discussion was about, and whether it was purely social or touched on bilateral or international issues,” the official said. As part of the investigations into allegations of Moscow’s meddling, a congressional panel said on Tuesday it wanted to interview Trump’s eldest son, his former campaign chairman and all others who were at a June 2016 meeting with Russian nationals. The meeting in Trump Tower in New York has grabbed the spotlight in the saga of possible collusion between Moscow and Trump’s campaign as media reports of more participants than originally known have emerged.  Donald Trump Jr., who runs the Trump Organization family business, released emails last week in which he eagerly agreed to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic election rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father’s campaign. “Any intelligence out there that suggests that somebody is of interest to us, we have to pursue it,” the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee chairman, Republican Senator Richard Burr, told reporters. Trump Jr.’s lawyer, Alan Futerfas, did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Tuesday. Jason Maloni, a spokesman for Paul Manafort, Trump’s campaign manager from March to August, also did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  On July 10, Trump Jr. posted on Twitter: “Happy to work with the committee to pass on what I know.” MOSCOW-BASED DEVELOPER A man who works for a Moscow-based developer with ties to Trump was identified on Tuesday as the eighth person to attend the Trump Tower meeting. Lawyer Scott Balber confirmed Ike Kaveladze’s name to Reuters after CNN reported that his client had been identified by special counsel Robert Mueller’s prosecutors and was cooperating in their investigation. Balber represented Trump in the New York businessman’s 2013 lawsuit against comedian and television host Bill Maher, demanding the $5 million Maher offered to give to charity if Trump could prove his father was not an orangutan. Kaveladze’s LinkedIn profile identifies him as vice president of Crocus Group, a company run by Moscow-based developers Aras Agalarov and his son, Emin, an Azerbaijani-Russian pop star. The two have ties to the Trump family and helped set up last year’s meeting between Trump Jr. and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. Kaveladze was asked to go to the meeting with the understanding he would be a translator for Veselnitskaya, only to find she had brought her own translator with her, Balber told CNN. Balber said he also represented the Agalarovs. Balber said Mueller’s investigators had not interviewed his client or made contact about the Agalarovs. In addition to Trump Jr., lawyer Veselnitskaya, her translator, and Kaveladze, the meeting was attended by Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, Manafort, publicist Rob Goldstone and Russian-American lobbyist Rinat Akhmetshin. Separately, the White House said on Tuesday that Trump had nominated Jon Huntsman, a former Utah governor and envoy to China under former Democratic President Barack Obama, as U.S. ambassador to Russia. ",1
2673,Democratic congressman Schiff says Trump-Putin dinner talk 'deeply troubling',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday it was “deeply troubling” that President Donald Trump met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Germany this month for talks not attended by any U.S. national security officials. “These two isolated leaders on the world stage making common cause in a way that is not been witnessed by any of our national security officials ... that’s deeply troubling,” Representative Adam Schiff said in an interview with CNN. A White House official said on Tuesday Trump and Putin had a previously undisclosed conversation during a dinner for G20 leaders at a summit in Germany. ",1
2674,Minnesota governor's veto of legislative funding voided by judge,"(Reuters) - Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton’s May 30 veto of funding for the state legislature was unconstitutional, according to a state judge, who voided the action on Wednesday. Ramsey County District Court Chief Judge John Guthmann ruled the Democratic governor’s line-item veto of fiscal 2018-2019 legislative appropriations violated the state constitution’s separation of powers clause. Lawmakers sued Dayton last month claiming his veto of nearly $130 million for the Republican-controlled legislature in the two-year budget was unconstitutional. In late June, the judge ordered funding to resume temporarily, pending the outcome of the litigation. “Today the court ruled an entire branch of government cannot be eliminated by a stroke of the governor’s pen,” Senate Majority Leader Paul Gazelka, a Republican, said in a statement. He urged Dayton to accept the verdict. But the governor said he will appeal the ruling to the Minnesota Supreme Court.  “As I have said, the tax bill passed last May by Republican legislators jeopardizes Minnesota’s structurally balanced budget in the future,” Dayton said in a statement.  The governor took the veto action in an effort to win concessions from Republican lawmakers on taxes and other measures.  Guthmann concluded it was improper for the governor to use his line-item veto authority “to gain a repeal or modification of unrelated policy legislation by effectively eliminating a co-equal branch of government.” Dayton’s veto also raised credit concerns for the state by leaving $80.1 million of certificates of participation issued in 2014 for a Senate office facility without an appropriation for rental and debt payments next due in November and December.  After the judge ordered funding to resume, S&P on June 30 affirmed Minnesota’s AA-plus rating and removed it from a watch list for a potential downgrade. ",1
2675,U.S. House panel approves broad proposal on self-driving cars,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House panel on Wednesday approved a sweeping proposal by voice vote to allow automakers to deploy up to 100,000 self-driving vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards and bar states from imposing driverless car rules. Representative Robert Latta, a Republican who heads the Energy and Commerce Committee subcommittee overseeing consumer protection, said he would continue to consider changes before the full committee votes on the measure, expected next week. The full U.S. House of Representatives will not take up the bill until it reconvenes in September after the summer recess. The measure, which would be the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would require automakers to submit safety assessment reports to U.S. regulators, but would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. Automakers would have to show self-driving cars “function as intended and contain fail safe features” to get exemptions from safety standards but the Transportation Department could not “condition deployment or testing of highly automated vehicles on review of safety assessment certifications,” the draft measure unveiled late Monday said. The issue has taken new urgency because road deaths in the United States rose 7.7 percent in 2015 over the previous year to 35,200, the highest annual jump since 1966. Traffic deaths climbed nearly 8 percent in the first nine months of 2016, government data showed. Current federal motor vehicle safety rules prevent the sale of self-driving vehicles without human controls. Automakers must meet nearly 75 auto safety standards, many of which were written with the assumption that a licensed driver will be in control of the vehicle. General Motors Co (GM.N), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Ford Motor  Co (F.N),  Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) and others have been lobbying Congress to pre-empt rules under consideration in California and other states that could limit self-driving vehicle deployment. States could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but could not set self-driving car performance standards, under the proposal. California state assemblyman Freddie Rodriguez questioned “why Washington would want us here in the states to not look at the safety standards – it should be up to every state.” Representative Debbie Dingell, a Democrat from Michigan, said the bill creates a “strong but flexible regulatory framework” that seeks to avoid “a patchwork” of different state rules. Auto dealers want the final bill to clarify that the measure would not preempt state dealer franchise laws that generally bar automakers from selling vehicles directly to consumers. Democrats praised the bipartisan proposal but said they want more changes before the full committee takes it up, including potentially adding other auto safety measures. The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group, said it is “pleased that the legislation is moving forward, and expect to see areas fine-tuned in the legislation.” Consumers Union, a public advocacy group, said the bill needs more changes and must “ensure that automakers demonstrate automated vehicles’ safety and don’t put consumers at greater risk in a crash.” The group opposes “restricting states’ safety authority without strong federal safety standards in place.” The administration of former President Barack Obama last year unveiled voluntary guidelines on self-driving cars that asked automakers to submit a 15-question safety assessment. President Donald Trump’s transportation secretary, Elaine Chao, said she plans to update those in the coming months. Separately, Republican Senator John Thune, who is working with Democrats, said Wednesday he hopes to release a draft self-driving car reform bill before the end of July. ",1
2676,"Senator Johnson: Trump argued for repealing, replacing Obamacare","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, at a lunch with Republican senators, argued for them to return to considering legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare instead of voting on a straight repeal, Senator Ron Johnson said. “That’s what the president was strongly arguing for,” Johnson told reporters after returning to the Capitol from the lunch at the White House. Johnson said he thought Senate leadership would like to see this happen as well. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had pulled a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare from consideration late Monday after it failed to gather enough support, and said the chamber would vote on a straight repeal instead next week. However, the straight repeal proposal has not gathered enough votes either.   ",1
2677,McConnell says planned vote on Obamacare repeal can be amended,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday the Senate will vote on a motion next week to move ahead with a bill to repeal and or replace Obamacare that could easily be amended. “I think we have two options here, I think we all agree it’s better to both repeal and replace, but we could have a vote on either, and if we end up voting on repeal only, it will be fully amendable on the Senate floor and if it were to pass without any amendment at all there’s a two-year delay before it kicks in... so the takeaway from what I’m telling you is no harm is done from getting on the bill,” McConnell told reporters at the White House following a lunch with President Donald Trump and almost all of the Republican senators.  ",1
2678,"Senior U.S. Republican questions Trump's South Korea, Asia trade moves","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top U.S. Republican trade lawmaker on Wednesday questioned the Trump administration’s plans to renegotiate a trade deal with U.S. ally South Korea, as well as the White House’s focus on bilateral trade deals. “I was a little surprised by the announcement on Korea by the president, mainly because that agreement’s worked well for us,” Representative Kevin Brady told Reuters in an interview. The U.S. Trade Representative’s office notified South Korea last week of its intent to negotiate amendments to the pact, calling for talks to start in August. Republican President Donald Trump said in April he planned to renegotiate or terminate what he called a “horrible” trade deal. Since the pact, known as KORUS, went into effect in 2012, the U.S. trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled to nearly $28 billion last year.  Brady, who chairs the trade- and tax-focused Ways and Means Committee in the House of Representatives, said the United States should be “aggressively stepping into the Asia-Pacific market.” “That’s not an easy task if you’re going to go at trade country-by-country ... This is a question of, do we want American trade values in the world or do we want China’s trade values?” Brady said. Three days after taking office in January, Trump officially withdrew the United States from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, keeping an election campaign promise and emphasizing a preference for bilateral trade deals. Some critics of that move have said it opened a trade policy vacuum in Asia that China would move to fill. “Clearly, this administration believes it can achieve more in the bilaterals. They deserve an opportunity to prove that’s the case,” Brady said. “I think regional agreements, multilateral, work because you can set standards across a broad number of countries.” ",1
2679,Trump to Republican senators: Don't leave town until pass healthcare legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged Republican senators on Wednesday to work out their differences and pass healthcare legislation before leaving Washington for their August recess. A day after the latest version of legislation to replace Obamacare fell victim to squabbling among Republicans who control the Senate, Trump gathered Republican senators for a lunch and told them, “We are so close.” He said Republicans had promised Americans they would repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law for seven years and that now is the time to act. “We have to stay here. We shouldn’t leave town,” Trump said. ",1
2680,N.J. Senator Menendez seeks dismissal of corruption case,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey has asked a federal judge to throw out his indictment for corruption, citing a U.S. Supreme Court ruling narrowing the definition of conduct that can lead to such prosecutions. Lawyers for the senator in a court filing on Tuesday pointed to the June 2016 Supreme Court decision that overturned the corruption conviction of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell. The court found that political activities such as arranging meetings or making calls to officials do not qualify as “official acts” as defined by bribery statutes. The high court’s decision prompted the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last week to vacate the conviction of Sheldon Silver, the former speaker of the New York State Assembly and one of the state’s most powerful politicians for decades. U.S. prosecutors have said they will retry him. Other convicted politicians, including former New York State Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos, have also relied on the McDonnell decision in mounting post-trial appeals. Menendez, who will seek a third six-year term in 2018 despite the indictment, is accused of accepting campaign donations, luxury travel and gifts from a wealthy friend, Florida ophthalmologist Salomon Melgen, in exchange for using his office to lobby on the doctor’s behalf. Melgen was convicted in April of an unrelated Medicare scheme in Florida that authorities said robbed the health care program of as much as $105 million. He and Menendez have pleaded not guilty in New Jersey. Menendez lost a previous bid to dismiss the charges, but his argument in that challenge came before the Supreme Court decision on the McDonnell case. Menendez’s lawyers argued on Tuesday that the allegations against the senator must be dismissed in light of the Supreme Court’s ruling. “Placing calls and having meetings to discuss these issues, even if to encourage others to take a particular action –something any citizen can do – are not ‘official acts’ by Senator Menendez under McDonnell,” they wrote. The U.S. Department of Justice did not immediately comment on the motion on Wednesday. ",1
2681,Russian lawyer who met Trump Jr. says ready to testify to Congress,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian lawyer who met Donald Trump Jr. after his father won the Republican nomination for the 2016 U.S. presidential election has said she is ready to testify to the U.S. Congress to dispel what she called “mass hysteria” about the encounter.  President Donald Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed in June 2016 to meet Natalia Veselnitskaya, a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton, according to emails released by Trump Jr.   Veselnitskaya has previously said she is a private lawyer, that she never obtained damaging information about Clinton, and that she has no ties with the Kremlin. “I’m ready to clarify the situation behind this mass hysteria – but only through lawyers or testifying in the Senate,” Veselnitskaya said in an interview with Russia’s Kremlin-backed RT TV channel released late on Tuesday. In Washington on Wednesday, U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, told reporters she was not aware of Veselnitskaya’s offer. Feinstein said she had not yet discussed calling Veselnitskaya to testify with committee chairman Chuck Grassley, a Republican. Russian officials have repeatedly denied allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Moscow interfered in the presidential campaign to help Trump win the White House. Trump has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russia.  Leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee have said they wanted to speak to everyone who attended the meeting as part of their investigation of Russia and the U.S. election. ",1
2682,House to write tax reform bill this fall: House speaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives will start drafting legislation to overhaul the nation’s tax code after lawmakers’ upcoming summer recess, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday. “The budget that’s going through Congress now is just the budget, it’s not the actual tax reform bill. That’s something that will be written in the fall,” Ryan said in an interview with Wisconsin-based WBEL-AM Radio’s “The Stan Milam Show.” ",1
2683,Republican senator hopes to kill class-action rule within weeks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress could act within weeks to kill a new rule that bars financial companies from blocking consumers who wish to file class-action lawsuits, according to a key Republican senator. Senator Tom Cotton, a member of the Senate Banking Committee writing legislation to tackle the rule, said Wednesday he was optimistic that Congress could pass a resolution revoking the new regulation authored by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) within weeks. “I’m going to do all I can to repeal this regulation in the next three weeks of this congressional session,” he said at an event hosted by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Cotton is drafting legislation that would repeal the CFPB’s new ban on mandatory arbitration clauses often found in financial contracts. Under the Congressional Review Act, Congress can pass legislation repealing any new regulations with a simple majority.  Mandatory arbitration clauses, found across a range of financial contracts, require consumers to resolve any disputes through arbitration instead of joining together in class-action lawsuits. Consumer advocates have hailed the CFPB rulemaking, arguing that the fine print frequently found in financial contracts unfairly bars consumers from seeking that option. If Republican majorities in the House and Senate rally around the bill, they would be able to eliminate the new rule, which the CFPB formally finalized on Tuesday. Cotton said he was working with Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo on the bill, and was optimistic it would garner broad support. He went so far as to predict “half a dozen or so” Democrats in the Senate could join Republicans in eliminating the rule, although Democrats are generally supportive of the CFPB’s regulatory work and no Democratic senator has publicly criticized the rule. The House is expected to move first on a repeal bill, passing a measure next week, according to Cotton.  Republican efforts to repeal the regulation via legislation is one of several fronts in an attack on the CFPB initiative. Other financial regulators could consider challenging the rule, and business groups have indicated a legal challenge is on the way as well. “The agency has shirked its obligation to properly study the arbitration issue, as it was mandated by Congress,” said Lisa Rickard, president of the Chamber of Commerce’s Institute for Legal Reform. “The courts will have their say.” ",1
2684,Campaign urges U.S. public pension funds to divest from owner of Trump hotel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Advocacy groups launched petitions and sent letters on Wednesday urging two of the biggest U.S. public pension funds to divest from an investment fund unless it stops paying one of President Donald Trump’s companies to run a New York hotel. Reuters reported on April 26 that public pension funds in at least seven U.S. states periodically send millions of dollars to an investment fund that owns the upscale Trump SoHo Hotel and Condominium in New York City and pays a Trump company to run it, according to a Reuters review of public records. Two legal advocacy groups sent petitions to half a million of their members and letters urging state officials who oversee the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) and the New York State Common Retirement Fund to reconsider their investments in CIM Fund III, which owns the Trump SoHo.  “The money used for this investment comes from mandatory deductions from the paychecks of public employees. These employees are thus forced to indirectly subsidize President Trump beyond the Constitution’s mandate of a fixed salary,” said the letters from Free Speech for People in Newton, Massachusetts, and Courage Campaign in Los Angeles. Article II of the U.S. Constitution bars the president from receiving additional payments beyond his salary from state governments. The fees that public pension funds pay CIM may fall into that category, several constitutional lawyers have told Reuters. The White House in June rejected the allegation that government payments to Trump’s businesses violated the Constitution and said “partisan politics” had motivated lawsuits challenging Trump’s continued ownership of his businesses. The advocacy groups urged the pension funds either to divest from the CIM fund or work with other investors to demand that CIM end its relationship with the Trump Organization. CalPERS declined to comment, but CalPERS officials disclosed in response to a public records request that the pension fund paid CIM $1,722,418 in management fees for the first three months of 2017. In a statement, a spokesman for New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli noted that the CIM fund was in the process of gradually selling off the properties it owns and said the New York state pension fund “has limited rights as an investor and does not make or control CIM’s investment choices.”  CIM said in a statement that it “is committed to creating attractive investment opportunities for its investors and then overseeing those investments to produce the best outcomes possible for the funds it manages.” It added that the Trump SoHo was underperforming and said it was “working hard to restore its performance before we bring it to market.” The White House and the Trump Organization did not respond to multiple requests for comment.   Democratic officials and lawmakers have also raised concerns over the payment chain between the public pension funds and the Trump SoHo.  The public pension funds’ investments in CIM Fund III were cited in a June lawsuit that the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia filed against Trump, alleging that government payments to his businesses violated the Constitution. In May, the top Democrat on the Senate committee overseeing pensions asked the U.S. Office of Government Ethics to assess the constitutionality of the payments. The office said it was not authorized to probe presidential actions. ",1
2685,Trump to nominate Huntsman as Russia ambassador: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate Jon Huntsman, an envoy to China under former Democratic President Barack Obama, as U.S. ambassador to Russia, the White House said on Tuesday. The job, all the more high-profile because of allegations that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, requires confirmation by the U.S. Senate. If confirmed, Huntsman, who has long been expected to be Trump’s pick for the job, will head to Moscow as the U.S. Congress and a special counsel investigate Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election and allegations that Trump’s campaign had ties to Moscow. Russian President Vladimir Putin has denied the interference, and Trump has said there was no collusion with Moscow. Huntsman, a former Utah governor, was U.S. ambassador to China from 2009 to 2011. He has served in the administrations of five U.S. presidents and was a candidate for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination. Trump has said he wants to improve relations with Russia. The Republican president met with Putin in Germany at the gathering of G20 leaders there earlier this month and officials said he raised the issue of Russian meddling in the election before moving on to other issues such as the war in Syria. Reports in March that Huntsman would get the Moscow envoy post were greeted with mixed reviews in Moscow, with one politician saying he was “not a dove” and the Kremlin saying it would welcome anyone who was a “convinced proponent” of establishing a dialogue with Russia. ",1
2686,Republican push to end Obamacare collapses in Senate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican efforts to overhaul or repeal Obamacare collapsed in the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, dealing a sharp setback to President Donald Trump and the Republican Party’s seven-year quest to kill former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. The disarray in the Republican-controlled Senate rattled financial markets as it cast doubt on the chances of getting Trump’s other domestic policy priorities, such as tax reform, through a divided Congress. Trump said he was disappointed by the failure and suggested he might let the insurance markets created under Obamacare go under and then, potentially, work with Democrats on a rescue. “We’re probably in that position where we’ll just let Obamacare fail,” Trump told reporters at the White House. “We will let Obamacare fail, and then the Democrats are going to come to us.” U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell announced a vote on a straight repeal of Obamacare, which would take effect in two years, after it became clear on Monday night that he did not have enough support to pass an overhaul of the healthcare law. He said on Tuesday that the vote would take place “early next week.” But prospects for the repeal vote appeared doomed with at least three Republican senators voicing opposition. Moderate Republican Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska quickly announced they would not back repeal. With Democrats united in opposition, Republicans can only afford to lose two votes to pass the measure in the Senate, where they have a slim 52-48 majority. “I do not think that it’s going to be constructive to repeal a law that at this point is so interwoven within our healthcare system and then hope that over the next two years we will come up with some kind of replacement,” Collins told reporters. The failed effort to replace Obamacare raised new concerns for U.S. health insurers over whether the government would continue to fund billions of dollars in medical benefit subsidies. Obamacare has boosted the number of Americans with health insurance through mandates on individuals and employers, and income-based subsidies. About 20 million Americans gained insurance coverage through the law. “This has been a very, very challenging experience for all of us,” McConnell said, adding that the chamber needed to move on to issues like tax reform and a spending package to bolster the country’s infrastructure. As the healthcare bill collapsed in the Senate, leaders in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives unveiled a budget plan putting a proposed tax code overhaul on the same partisan procedural path that led to the anti-Obamacare initiative’s chaotic downfall. Republicans had hoped to finish with healthcare before an upcoming August recess so they could tackle a wide-ranging rewrite of the U.S. tax code in September. Separate talks on taxes appear unlikely to reach Trump’s pledge to reduce the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent.     But their failure exposed the sharp divide within Republicans’ own ranks, with moderates concerned the healthcare bill’s Medicaid cuts would take insurance away from millions of low-income Americans while conservatives backed the cuts and wanted even more dramatic changes to Obamacare. The U.S. dollar stumbled to a 10-month low against a basket of currencies and U.S. Treasury yields fell after the fresh setback to the healthcare bill raised investors’ doubts about Trump’s ability to enact tax cuts and infrastructure spending. Reaction in the stock market was muted, and analysts said the expectation for business-friendly legislation out of Washington is all but priced out of the stock market. “The healthcare hurdle pushes everything in Trump’s agenda to 2018,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.  Trump vowed that the healthcare effort was not dead. In an early morning Twitter message, he said, “We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!” Trump had pushed hard to get a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare through the U.S. House of Representatives in May and celebrated the victory with lawmakers on the White House lawn. But with polls showing the Republican bill was unpopular, he later called it “mean” and did little to convince Republican senators to get a deal. Vice President Mike Pence said Trump supported the move to vote on a straight repeal of Obamacare. “Inaction is not an option,” Pence said at the National Retail Federation Conference in Washington. “Congress needs to step up, Congress needs to do their job, and Congress needs to do their job now.” In crafting a replacement, Republicans ran up against Obamacare’s growing popularity. A Washington Post-ABC News poll published on Sunday showed Americans preferred it over the Republican alternative by a 2-1 margin.   Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer urged Republicans to start over and work with Democrats. Democratic Senator Patty Murray, the leading Democrat on the Senate health committee, said in an interview with Reuters that a bipartisan effort could help stabilize insurance markets. She said a bipartisan effort to fund cost-sharing subsidies that help cover premiums, deductibles and other medical expenses for about 7 million people who purchase health insurance on the individual market would “send a strong message to the market” and “create some stabilization that is much needed.” Within hours of the bill’s failure, Republican Senate Health Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander said he will set hearings in the next few weeks on how to stabilize the individual insurance markets. Orrin Hatch, the Republican chair of the Senate Finance Committee, said on the Senate floor that the failure could mean Congress will have to bail out insurance markets “probably before the end of 2017.” For hospitals, shelving the bill relieves the near-term pressure of massive Medicaid reform, but the long-term plan for federal spending for states’ Medicaid expansion is now murky.  ",1
2687,"Mueller says Trump Jr, Manafort can testify publicly in Senate: Feinstein","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s eldest son and former campaign chairman can testify publicly before U.S. Senate committees, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein told CNN on Tuesday. Feinstein said Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign, has said Donald Trump Jr. and Paul Manafort were free to testify. Feinstein is the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is among the congressional panels pursuing Russia investigations. ",1
2688,Trump to nominate former Senate aide Peirce for SEC commissioner,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate former Senate Republican aide Hester Maria Peirce to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the White House said on Tuesday. Peirce is a former Senate Banking Committee staff member and currently is the director of the Financial Markets Working Group at George Mason University’s Mercatus Center. She was nominated to the SEC last year by President Barack Obama, but the full Senate never acted on her nomination. Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee attempted to block her nomination when she declined to fully commit to work as a commissioner on requiring corporations to publicly disclose their political donations. She ultimately won the committee’s blessing but her nomination stalled in the Senate as Republicans dragged their feet on approving names put forward by Obama, a Democrat. Peirce could face a rocky time again in the chamber. Liberal firebrand Senator Elizabeth Warren is highly critical of Peirce, who is a member of the Federalist Society, an organization of conservative and libertarian lawyers. Peirce could be instrumental in carrying out Trump’s plan to reform regulations imposed after the 2007-09 financial crisis and recession. She recently edited and contributed to a book published by the right-leaning Mercatus Center that called for totally restructuring the country’s financial regulation. Peirce would fill one of two vacancies on the five-member commission. If Trump follows tradition, he will suggest a Democrat for the other open slot at the top U.S. securities regulator. Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson is a leading contender to fill the Democratic slot, people familiar with the matter said last month. ",1
2689,Trump seeks crackdown on 'Made in America' fakes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is looking for ways to defend American-made products by certifying legitimate U.S. goods and aggressively going after imported products unfairly sporting the “Made in America” label, the White House said on Tuesday. Trump, who campaigned on reviving the U.S. manufacturing sector, vowed on Monday that his administration would crack down on “predatory online sales of foreign goods” hurting U.S. retailers. On Wednesday, Trump will discuss with small- and medium-sized manufacturers how to certify their products and keep out foreign counterfeits, a senior administration official told reporters. Their products include gutter filters, flags and pillows. “There’s just too many examples of foreigners slapping on ‘Made in America’ labels to products and the worst insult is when they do it after they have actually stolen the product design,” the official said. The United States loses about $300 billion a year to theft of intellectual property ranging from semiconductors to jeans, the official said. In March, Trump signed an executive order that gave customs officials more authority to stop pirated and counterfeit items, the official told reporters. The White House plans to work with the private sector on the new certification and verification system rather than create new regulations or spend taxpayer money, the official said, citing as a model the LEED system used to rate the environmental sustainability of building projects. ",1
2690,Trump invites Republican senators to healthcare lunch on Wednesday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has invited all Republican senators to discuss healthcare over lunch at the White House on Wednesday, the day after the party’s push to overhaul Obamacare collapsed in the U.S. Senate, a White House official said on Tuesday. “There is movement on healthcare,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity, and without providing further detail on developments. ",1
2691,McConnell says U.S. Senate to vote early next week on Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday the Senate will vote early next week on a motion that would pave the way for a vote on a bill to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan. McConnell’s decision to hold a vote comes despite opposition from at least four Republicans, which likely dooms its prospects.  ",1
2692,"As Obamacare repeal falters, insurers start to press on subsidies","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A failed Republican effort to replace Obamacare raised new concerns on Tuesday for U.S. health insurers over whether the government will continue to fund billions of dollars in medical benefit subsidies. The healthcare bill under consideration in the U.S. Senate would have settled the funding question, but was scrapped after Republican leaders were unable to rally enough party members to win approval.   Its demise will test the ability of Republicans and Democrats to stabilize an insurance market serving some 10 million Americans in time for 2018.  Republican President Donald Trump has suggested several times that he could eliminate the so-called cost-sharing reduction subsidies, which help pay for consumers’ out-of-pocket healthcare expenses.  The administration could do so as early as August. Insurers have braced for an end to these payments, in many cases raising proposed premium prices for 2018 more than 20 percent to make up for the lost funding. Insurers said on Tuesday they would like Congress to appropriate the funds for these payments. If that does not happen, and the Trump administration takes further measures to undermine Democratic former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, more insurers may pull out of markets for next year ahead of a late September deadline.  That could force consumers to change plans or insurers - or leave them with no options at all. “Our members and all Americans need the certainty and security of knowing coverage will be available and affordable for them,” said Justine Handelman, senior vice president in the Office of Policy and Representation at the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, which represents insurers nationwide.  “We have consistently urged that there be immediate, certain funding for the cost-sharing reduction program, which helps those most in need with out-of-pocket costs when they access medical care.” Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH.N), which provides Obamacare health plans to more than 1 million people, said the fate of cost-sharing subsidies is one of its top concerns. The Trump administration could take other steps on its own to undermine Obamacare, including refusing to enforce the individual mandate, which requires Americans to have health insurance or pay a fine.      Trump has repeatedly said Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, is collapsing, and on Tuesday suggested letting it “fail” to force Democrats to work on a healthcare fix. Earlier this year, the administration backed off more strictly enforcing the individual mandate and pulled ads that encouraged people to sign up for health insurance. Uncertainty over the government’s next steps on Obamacare weighed on insurer shares on Tuesday, with Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) down 1.4 percent and Aetna Inc (AET.N) off 1.1 percent. UnitedHealth Group (UNH.N), which pulled out of the Obamacare individual insurance business, rose 0.3 percent after reporting a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate would vote in the coming days on a full repeal of Obamacare with no replacement, but he did not appear to have the necessary support to push it through. Some Republicans and Democrats say they should attempt a joint fix, but the deep divisions between the two parties were on display over the subsidies on Tuesday. Democratic Senator Patty Murray said that bipartisan work can begin by having Congress fund the cost-sharing subsidies. “We know that’s what needs to be done,” she said in an interview. “It would send a very strong message to the market.” Several Republican senators were quick to deride the payments. “Those who will be interested in moving an insurance bailout later this year should be ready to explain how they want to pay for it,” said Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.  ",1
2693,Senate intel panel wants to interview everyone at Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Tuesday that wanted to interview President Donald Trump’s son, campaign chairman and everyone else who was at a meeting last year with a Russian lawyer at Trump Tower. “Sure, sure,” the committee’s Republican chairman, Senator Richard Burr, told reporters when asked if he wanted the committee to call in the attendees. Senator Mark Warner, the panel’s Democratic vice chairman, also said the committee wanted to see everyone who had been at the meeting. ",1
2694,Silicon Valley mostly quiet in internet surveillance debate in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc’s Google (GOOGL.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and other major technology firms are largely absent from a debate over the renewal of a broad U.S. internet surveillance law, weakening prospects for privacy reforms that would further protect customer data, according to sources familiar with the matter. While tech companies often lobby Washington on privacy issues, the major firms have been hesitant to enter a fray over a controversial portion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), industry lobbyists, congressional aides and civil liberties advocates said.  Among their concerns is that doing so could jeopardize a trans-Atlantic data transfer pact underpinning billions of dollars in trade in digital services, the sources said. Technology companies and privacy groups have for years complained about the part of FISA known as Section 702 that allows the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) to collect and analyze emails and other digital communications of foreigners living overseas. Though targeted at foreigners, the surveillance also collects data on an unknown number of Americans - some privacy advocates have suggested it could be millions - without a search warrant. Section 702 will expire at the end of the year unless the Republican-controlled Congress votes to reauthorize it. The White House, U.S. intelligence agencies and many Republican senators want to renew the law, which they consider vital to national security, without changes and make it permanent. A coalition of Democrats and libertarian-leaning conservatives prefer, however, to amend the law with more privacy safeguards. Reform Government Surveillance, a coalition of tech firms established after the 2013 leaks by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, said reforming the law remains a priority. A spokeswoman declined to comment further but referred to two letters sent earlier this year by technology companies urging Congress to consider changes to the law. Snowden exposed the spy agency’s program that collected U.S. phone call metadata in bulk and also the extent of spying under Section 702, embarrassing some U.S. technology firms. The companies, working with privacy rights activists, successfully lobbied Congress two years ago to pass legislation that curtailed the NSA’s bulk collection of call records. For example, Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg wrote on his Facebook page that he had personally called then-President Barack Obama to express “frustration over the damage the government is creating for all of our future.” Now, however, Silicon Valley’s reduced involvement frustrates civil liberties groups because of a widely held view that Section 702 poses a far greater threat to privacy than the telephone program, which did not harvest actual content. Facebook declined comment. Google and Apple did not respond to requests for comment. The companies’ relative inactivity is explained by several legal challenges in Europe to an agreement between the United States and the European Union, known as the Privacy Shield, the sources said. The litigation hinges on whether U.S. surveillance practices afford enough privacy safeguards. A coalition of human rights organizations has urged Europe to suspend Privacy Shield unless Section 702 is substantially reformed. U.S. technology companies have privately bristled at those efforts, three industry lobbyists said, in part because expectations that 702 reforms will pass Congress are low. “If you link them and you lose one, you lose both,” said one of the lobbyists, who like the others requested anonymity to discuss private conversations with technology companies.  The lobbyist added that several major firms were more interested in making deals with the Trump administration that could affect their bottom lines, such as tax repatriation, than getting caught in politically charged fights over government surveillance. Another industry lobbyist said Section 702 surveillance is “not a C-suite issue” that concerns chief executives in Silicon Valley like other issues, including encryption. Companies have also been limited in how they can lobby for changes to the law because no comprehensive reform bill has been introduced yet in Congress, said Alex Abdo, a privacy advocate and staff attorney at the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.  A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the House Judiciary Committee is not expected to introduce such legislation until after Congress returns from its August recess. The schism between tech companies and privacy groups was on display earlier this year in litigation in Ireland - Facebook argued customer data was sufficiently protected from U.S. spying programs, while an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union testified that more protections were needed. Snowden’s leaks showed that Section 702 collects content of digital communications directly from the internet backbone and through a program formerly code named Prism where the NSA gathered data directly from several companies, including Facebook, Google, Apple and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O). The statute also allows the FBI and others to query pools of data collection for U.S. information in what critics have derided as a “backdoor search loophole” that evades traditional warrant requirements.  The tech industry may become more engaged once the public debate becomes clearer, Abdo said. He added that a stronger position “would be enormously helpful to those that want to impose meaningful constraint on NSA surveillance.” (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped word “said” in paragraph 14) ",1
2695,"After healthcare failure, Republicans face similar divisions on tax reform","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in Congress unveiled a fiscal 2018 budget plan as a first step to major U.S. tax reform on Tuesday, only to face the same divisions between conservatives and moderates that helped killed their efforts to replace Obamacare.   The $4 trillion spending blueprint, released by the House of Representatives budget committee, could become a new flashpoint for Republican in-fighting because it links future tax cuts for businesses and individuals with $203 billion in mandatory spending cuts that would reduce benefits for the poor. The Republican push to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, widely known as Obamacare, collapsed in the Senate late on Monday after a tug-of-war between party moderates who wanted to preserve healthcare benefits for lower-income Americans and conservatives who wanted to scale them back. On Tuesday, House Republicans disagreed over the budget proposal in terms that could foreshadow a replay of the Senate healthcare debacle when lawmakers turn to tax reform. Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said the budget measure would not get enough conservative votes to pass the House without bigger cuts to programs that the government is required to fund by law. “It’s still short of what it needs,” Meadows told reporters. On the other side, Representative Charlie Dent, a leader of the moderate Tuesday Group, called for an agreement with Democrats to establish higher spending levels for discretionary programs. “If we move too much in the mandatory area, then it will make tax reform that much more difficult to get. It’s that basic,” Dent told Reuters. House and Senate approval for a fiscal 2018 budget agreement would unlock a vital legislative tool called reconciliation that allows Republicans to pass tax legislation in the Senate with a simple majority. But the Senate’s inability to pass healthcare legislation   even with reconciliation raised questions about how useful the strategy really is.  One corporate lobbyist said some Senate Republicans privately question the reconciliation approach backed by House leaders, saying it appears to be “poisoning the well” in the Senate by alienating Democrats who might otherwise support tax legislation.  Republicans have only a 52-48 Senate majority and can afford to lose no more than two votes on Republican-only legislation, with Vice President Mike Pence providing the tie-breaking vote. Democrats were delighted by the Republicans’ failure on healthcare and called for bipartisan discussions. “Using a partisan approach for the major issues of our time — healthcare and tax reform – is a prescription for trouble,” Senator Ron Wyden, top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, said at a tax reform hearing on Tuesday. Senator Orrin Hatch, the panel’s Republican chairman, acknowledged that Republicans would also have difficulty passing tax reform legislation, even using reconciliation.  “It’s going to be difficult to do. Hopefully, we can get that done,” Hatch told reporters.  The Senate is under no obligation to accept the House budget language that would ultimately tie tax reform to mandatory spending cuts in the same piece of legislation. Senator John Thune, chairman of the Senate Republican conference, said senators will decide whether to add the same language to their own budget resolution. After six months in power, President Donald Trump has yet to score a major legislative victory, though financial markets have rallied since his election on expectations of pro-business measures, including tax reform and infrastructure spending. Pence, speaking to a gathering of retailers in Washington on Tuesday, reiterated that Trump plans to slash the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. But the failure of the healthcare bill in the Senate created uncertainty in financial markets, with the dollar hitting its lowest level against the euro in more than a year on Tuesday. “The healthcare bill not coming through raises some continued concerns about the ability of Washington to push through favorable fiscal policies,” said Lisa Kopp, head of traditional investments at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. The S&P 500 stock market index has gained about 15 percent since Trump’s Nov. 8 election, while the benchmark Dow Jones industrial average has posted one record high after another on optimism of a Trump tax reform and other pro-business policies. The budget committee will hold a hearing on the budget resolution on Wednesday. Representative Diane Black, the panel’s chair, said the measure has the votes to reach the House floor. ",1
2696,Mitch McConnell: 'The man in the middle' of U.S. healthcare war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For seven years, U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell vowed to slay Obamacare if only his Republican Party controlled both chambers of Congress and the White House. Pull it out “root and branch,” he pledged. The 75-year-old Senate majority leader now has that luxury. But instead of basking in the glow of his first major legislative victory in the Donald Trump era, McConnell is what a source close to the majority leader calls “the man in the middle in an impossible spot.” Late on Monday and again on Tuesday, after a long struggle, McConnell’s efforts to repeal all or portions of former President Barack Obama’s landmark 2010 Affordable Care Act and replace them with less expensive healthcare came crashing down. With 52 Republican senators in the 100-member chamber, McConnell could lose only two of his colleagues on any bill that was opposed by Democrats and still win with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote.  Three times, he failed to muster the 50 supporters needed.  The man who epitomized “the party of no” in Democrats’ eyes during Obama’s presidency, especially when he slammed the door in February 2016 on Merrick Garland’s Supreme Court nomination, fell victim to the “no” of fellow Republicans. “We finally get a chance to repeal and replace, and they don’t take advantage of it,” Trump, six months into his four-year presidential term, said on Tuesday. Across Washington, there was dismay Republicans could not deliver on a promise they assert helped them to assume control in January of Congress and the White House. “I am kind of shocked,” said Republican Representative Dave Brat, of the conservative firebrand House Freedom Caucus that has been a thorn in the side of the Republican establishment. His hand weakened, McConnell could be heading into fierce budget battles, a tax reform fight and a storm over legislation avoiding a government debt default that could shake global financial markets. The result has Democrats feeling emboldened 16 months before the next congressional elections. Around town, the sphinxlike McConnell is known as a master of Senate rules, able to outfox opponents, giving nothing away until he can strike at just the right moment. The senator’s leadership job, a position he yearned for in the years leading up to his 2015 ascension, does not appear to be in jeopardy.  But this rocky run calls into question McConnell’s reputation as a master tactician and deal-maker that he earned as Republican minority leader under the Democratic Obama. It is “a real blow to Republicans in Congress generally and to leadership,” said former Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, a Republican.  More of the blame sits with the rank-and-file, Lott said. “The problem in Washington today is not lack of leadership. The problem is lack of followership.” Had McConnell succeeded, Lott said he would have been “considered a magician” given the inability of Republicans to coalesce around healthcare legislation for so many years. A Republican operative with ties to McConnell saw a possible silver lining: Failure to pass healthcare could boost chances for tax reform or infrastructure investment if Republicans felt it a more urgent political imperative to rack up a win for Trump before the November 2018 congressional elections. McConnell, a courtly Kentuckian who can appear at pains to speak to reporters nipping at his heels, won accolades in years past for cutting deals with Democrats to keep the government operating and making permanent most of former President George W. Bush’s tax cuts. Those deals involved giving voters government services and lower taxes. But Republican healthcare legislation involves taking something away from millions of lower-income people - their medical coverage. “In part they (Republicans) misunderstood how difficult it will be” to repeal and replace Obamacare, former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle, a Democrat, said in a phone interview. Republican rhetoric against Obamacare was so “hyperbolic” it had to take priority early in Trump’s presidency, but senators lacked enthusiasm for legislation, said Daschle, who like Lott lobbies on behalf of healthcare interests.  Once boxed into healthcare, McConnell took another controversial step, one that many Republicans questioned. Instead of developing a healthcare bill in public,  McConnell and his top aides, with the advice of a 13-member group of male senators, called the shots. McConnell said hearings were unnecessary, as healthcare policy had been intensively debated since Obama took office in 2009. He said he was listening to suggestions of all of his 51 fellow Republican senators. Many senators felt disconnected and tensions boiled over. As Monday wore on, matters only got worse for McConnell. Republican Senator Ron Johnson publicly accused him of “a real breach in trust” in hard-charging back-room negotiations. He threatened to withhold support for the bill. McConnell supporters argued that no matter how he handled the private negotiations, the Republican leader was dealt a difficult hand from the outset. “The majority leader is trying to keep all the frogs in the wheelbarrow and it’s a tough job but he’s doing a good job,” said Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski. And then there was Trump. As McConnell struggled, the president was in France last week celebrating Bastille Day before jetting back to the United States to attend a tournament at his New Jersey golf course. He tweeted about his excitement at the tournament, his disgust with “fake news” and an investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election. Trump boasted that the White House “is functioning perfectly” and “I have very little time for watching T.V.” Missing, some Senate aides said, was Trump traveling the country in a serious effort to bolster support for McConnell’s efforts. ",1
2697,Senate Finance chair warns of insurance bailout without Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch warned on Tuesday of dire consequences if Congress fails to repeal Obamacare, including the collapse of health insurance markets. “Among other things, it means a congressional bailout of failing insurance markets, probably before the end of 2017,” Hatch said in a statement. “Frankly, that ship may have sailed on that one after last night’s developments. We’re probably looking at an insurance bailout one way or another.”     ",1
2698,Senate panel chair says will hold hearings on health insurance market,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, chairman of the health committee, said on Tuesday he will hold hearings in the next few weeks on how to stabilize the individual health insurance market. Alexander’s comments come as a Republican effort to repeal and replace Obamacare collapsed on Tuesday over disagreements between conservatives and moderates. The individual insurance market has been hurt by insurers dropping out of the Obamacare exchanges.    ",1
2699,Trump says disappointed about collapse of Obamacare repeal bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he is disappointed that the latest Republican effort to repeal and replace Obamacare in the Senate failed. “I think we’re probably in that position where we’ll just let Obamacare fail,” Trump told reporters at the start of a lunch with military service members at the White House. “We’re not going to own it, I’m not going to own it ... Republicans are not going to own it. We will let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us,” he said. ",1
2700,Republican Senator Murkowski won't back 'repeal-only' health bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A third Republican U.S. senator on Tuesday said she could not back any legislation to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan, effectively blocking Republican leaders’ efforts to bring up a narrower repeal-only bill after earlier legislation collapsed. “To repeal there has to be a replacement. There’s enough chaos already, and this would just contribute to it,” Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska told reporters, saying she would vote no on any effort to take up legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act enacted in 2010 under former President Barack Obama. ",1
2701,California lawmakers approve landmark extension to climate policy,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - California’s legislature passed a package of bills that extends the state’s signature plan to address climate change by a decade, sending Governor Jerry Brown a cap-and-trade plan that uses market forces to cuts greenhouse gas emissions. The legislation puts California at the forefront of plans by mostly Democratic governors to reduce carbon emissions and adhere to the goals of the Paris climate change agreement even after Republican President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the pact. Brown and other state Democratic leaders have vowed to make California the leader in opposing the environmental policy of Trump, who has rolled back the programs of his predecessor, Barack Obama. The new California legislation emerged from long negotiations, although only a single Republican joined Democrats in voting in favor of the legislative package in the state Senate on Monday afternoon. Hours later, the Assembly voted 55 to 21 to send the legislation to Brown.    “Tonight, California stood tall and once again, boldly confronted the existential threat of our time. Republicans and Democrats set aside their difference, came together and took courageous action. That’s what good government looks like,” Brown said in a statement. Speaking in opposition, State Senator Andy Vidak said the laws represented a “regressive” tax that would not make any impact on climate change. “We could shut down the entire state of California and it would have no effect on the global climate,” Vidak said. The legislation extends California’s cap-and-trade program, which was set to expire in three years, through 2030 and attempts to strengthen it by requiring large industrial facilities to upgrade old equipment with cleaner, more modern technology by 2023.  California’s cap-and-trade plan sets a state limit on emissions of greenhouse gases and lets companies, such as factories and refineries, buy and sell permits to emit carbon dioxide. The system uses market forces to find the most efficient ways to cut pollution, supporters say. The new package seeks to reform the state’s existing cap-and-trade market by curbing the number of free carbon allowances by 40 percent by 2030 and requiring that offsets be sourced from California, not elsewhere.  Despite holding a supermajority, Democrats had failed in previous attempts to pass new cap-and-trade legislation over opposition from more liberal members of the party who felt it did not go far enough and moderates concerned about the impact on business. Republicans were largely united in opposing the legislation, saying it places unfair burdens on consumers and employers, especially on top of a 12-cents-a-gallon gasoline tax hike passed by state lawmakers earlier this year.  ",1
2702,Two Republican Senators say 'no' to straight Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senators Susan Collins and Shelley Moore Capito said on Tuesday they will not vote to repeal Obamacare without a replacement healthcare plan. The senators spoke out shortly after Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said Senate Republicans planned to vote on a straight repeal of President Barack Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act after efforts to overhaul the law collapsed on Monday.  “My position on this issue is driven by its impact on West Virginians. With that in mind, I cannot vote to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan that addresses my concerns and the needs of West Virginians,” Capito said in a statement. Collins made her comments to reporters at the Capitol. ",1
2703,U.S. House speaker urges Senate to pass 'something' on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday called on the Senate to pass some kind of healthcare overhaul bill so lawmakers can move forward to repeal and replace Obamacare, one day after Republicans senators’ effort to pass their own plan collapsed.  “We’d like to see the Senate move on something” in order to take the next steps in the legislation process, Ryan told reporters at a news conference. Still, he added, the House bill passed earlier this year was “sufficient” and “the best way to go.” ",1
2704,Ex-U.S. House Speaker Hastert released from Minnesota prison,"(Reuters) - Former U.S. House of Representative Speaker Dennis Hastert has been released from prison in Minnesota and moved to a Chicago halfway house after serving a 13-month sentence for a financial crime tied to sex abuse, federal records showed on Tuesday. The 75-year-old was sentenced to 15 months at the Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minnesota in April 2016 for banking violations that revealed he sexually abused teenage boys while coaching wrestling at a high school in Yorkville, Illinois in the 1960s and 1970s. He is scheduled to be held at a residential re-entry facility office in Chicago until Aug. 16, according to Federal Bureau of Prisons records on Tuesday. The records did not make clear when Hastert had been transferred and officials did not immediately respond to a call for comment. Hastert, the longest-serving Republican House speaker in history, pleaded guilty in 2015 to the crime of structuring, which is a form of money laundering that involves withdrawing a large sum of money in small increments to avoid detection. The lawmaker was taking the money out of his bank accounts to pay a promised $3.5 million in compensation for pain and suffering to one of his five sexual abuse victims of wrestlers he coached, he admitted in his plea agreement and at his sentencing hearing.  He was never charged with sex abuse, because the statute of limitations on his alleged crimes had expired. At the time of sentencing, U.S. District Judge Thomas Durkin said he would have given him a longer sentence if it had not been for his age and poor health.  ",1
2705,"Trump, after Senate bill collapses, vows 'great healthcare plan'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After Republicans’ effort to pass a healthcare bill in the Senate collapsed on Monday, U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday put the blame on Democrats and a few members of his own party, but vowed to come back with “a great healthcare plan.” “We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!” Trump wrote on Twitter. “As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!” Trump added. ",1
2706,CalPERS says considering making own private equity investments,"MONTEREY, Calif. (Reuters) - The California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) on Monday said it was considering making direct investments in private companies, a potential major shift in strategy that would be the first such action by a U.S. public pension fund. The change, discussed at a meeting of CalPERS board in Monterey, would be closely watched by other U.S. public pensions as they look to improve returns on their investments, in part by cutting fees.  The $323 billion pension fund, the largest in the country and a trend setter, has been under increasing pressure to achieve returns closer to the fund’s assumed rate of return of 7 percent by 2020.  In the fiscal year ended June 30, private equity investment returned 13.9 percent, the second best performer behind public equities, or stock portfolio. The asset class helped to boost the fund’s total year-end returns to 11.2 percent, exceeding expectations for the first time since 2014. Private equity has been CalPERS’ best performing asset class in the past two decades and accounts for about $26 billion of its portfolio. But CalPERS mainly invests in private equity funds and has been criticized for accepting the high fees and limited disclosures typically associated with the asset class. The shift in strategy, if adopted, is likely to require a considerable investment in staff and expertise in the years ahead to handle the strategic shift.  CalPERS Chief Investment Officer Ted Eliopoulos told Reuters he would recommend CalPERS “explore setting up a separate vehicle” for direct investments and expand the current co-investment program. Eliopoulos suggested CalPERS focus on opportunities that do not compete with its current private equity investments, such as owning companies for longer than 10 years, and investing in technology and life science companies. “CalPERS has a unique opportunity to be a leader in the co-investment space,” Sandra Horbach, U.S. buyouts co-head at The Carlyle Group, told the board on Monday.  CalPERS’ massive size would make it a formidable player and allow the fund to dictate some investment terms, Horbach said. Most U.S.-based funds shy away from such investments, while Canadian pension funds are considered leaders in the strategy. By its own account, CalPERS has developed somewhat of a negative image among private equity firms as being difficult to work with and slow to make decisions, John Cole, CalPERS investment director, told the board at Monday’s meeting. A number of funds “have told us that we have become too unpredictable to do business with, and many larger general partners are cutting back the amounts that they are willing to allocate to us in their new funds”, Cole said.     ",1
2707,U.S. House panel to consider self-driving car legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. House subcommittee will vote on Wednesday on a sweeping proposal to allow automakers to deploy up to 100,000 self-driving vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards and bar states from imposing driverless car rules. The measure, which would be the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would require automakers to submit safety assessment reports to U.S. regulators, but would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. Automakers would have to show self-driving cars “function as intended and contain fail safe features” but the Transportation Department could not “condition deployment or testing of highly automated vehicles on review of safety assessment certifications,” the draft measure unveiled late Monday said. Last month, a U.S. House Energy and Commerce subcommittee held a hearing on a draft plan to allow U.S. regulators to exempt up to 100,000 vehicles a year per manufacturer from federal motor vehicle safety rules that prevent the sale of self-driving vehicles without human controls and bar states from setting rules that could block their use. Automakers must meet nearly 75 auto safety standards, many of which were written with the assumption that a licensed driver will be in control of the vehicle. The 30-page draft bill would also require the Transportation Department within two years to adopt rules requiring automakers to add a driver alert to check rear seating in an effort to prevent children from being left behind and consider setting performance standards for headlights. “This legislation puts important benchmarks into place that will prioritize consumer safety technologies and enhance mobility opportunities for people across the country,” said Republican U.S. Representative Robert Latta, who chairs the panel that will vote on the measure Wednesday. Democrats had sought a number of new safety requirements during negotiations over the measure. The bill also includes automakers to take steps to ensure the cybersecurity of self-driving cars. General Motors Co, Alphabet Inc, Tesla Inc and others have been lobbying Congress to pre-empt rules under consideration in California and other states that could limit self-driving vehicle deployment. States could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but could not set self-driving car performance standards, under the proposal. The administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama last year unveiled voluntary guidelines on self-driving cars that asked automakers to submit a 15-question safety assessment. President Donald Trump’s transportation secretary, Elaine Chao, said she plans to update those in the coming months. The issue has taken new urgency after U.S. road deaths rose 7.7 percent in 2015 over the previous year to 35,200, the highest annual jump since 1966. Traffic deaths climbed nearly 8 percent in the first nine months of 2016, government data shows. Automakers also say that without changes in regulations, U.S. self-driving car testing could move to Europe and elsewhere. ",1
2708,U.S. makes lower trade deficit top priority in NAFTA talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday launched the first salvo in the renegotiation of the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), saying its top priority for the talks was shrinking the U.S. trade deficit with Canada and Mexico. In a much-anticipated document sent to lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he would seek to reduce the trade imbalance by improving access for U.S. goods exported to Canada and Mexico under the three-nation pact.  For the first time in a U.S. trade deal, the administration also said it wants an “appropriate” provision to deter currency manipulation by trading partners. The move appeared aimed at future trade deals rather than specifically at Canada and Mexico, which are not considered currency manipulators. The 17-page document asserted that no country should manipulate its currency exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage, an often-cited complaint about China in past years. Shortly before the release of the document, President Donald Trump lashed out against trade deals and unfair trade practices, saying he would take more legal and regulatory steps during the next six months to protect American manufacturers.  Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland said the U.S. list was “part of its internal process” although a source familiar with the Canadian government’s thinking said the document was “not earth shattering.” The source said officials from the United States, Mexico and Canada would meet in Washington on Tuesday to discuss logistics of the talks. No date has been announced for the NAFTA talks, but they are expected in mid-August. Mexico’s economy ministry said in a statement it would work “to achieve a constructive negotiation process that will allow trade and investment flows to increase and consolidates cooperation and economic integration to strengthen North American competitiveness.” Speaking on condition of anonymity, a senior Mexican government official said the list of priorities was “not as bad as I was expecting” and welcomed that the United States was not pushing to impose punitive tariffs, as Trump has threatened. Trade experts have argued that shrinking the yawning U.S. trade deficit will not be achieved through trade deals but rather by boosting U.S. savings.  “The first bullet point shows their preoccupation with bilateral trade deficits and that’s unfortunate,” said Chad Bown, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “There’s not much that trade policy and trade agreements can do to change those. That’s more of a macroeconomic issue.” Among the priorities, Lighthizer said the administration would seek to eliminate a trade dispute mechanism that has largely prohibited the United States from pursuing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Canadian and Mexican firms. There was no mention of active disputes between the United States and Canada over softwood lumber and dairy products, but the document targeted a range of agricultural non-tariff barriers, including subsidies and unfair pricing structures, that are currently at the heart of those standoffs. USTR said it would seek to strengthen NAFTA’s rules of origin to ensure that the pact’s benefits do not go to outside countries and to “incentivize” the sourcing of U.S. goods. It offered no details on such incentives and did not specify how much of a product’s components must originate from NAFTA countries. Matt Blunt, president of the American Automotive Policy Council, a group representing U.S. automakers, welcomed the decision to include objectives on the removal of regulatory barriers and the provision on currency manipulation. A spokesman for Ford Motor Co said: “Foreign currency manipulation is the 21st century trade barrier, and we strongly support the inclusion of this top-tier issue in the U.S. negotiating objectives for NAFTA.” The document also outlined plans to upgrade standards for labor and the environment and govern digital trade. Canada and Mexico have already agreed to upgrade these areas as part of the defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Earlier on Monday, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said NAFTA had been an “unequivocal failure” and should be completely renegotiated although he stopped short of calling on Trump to abandon the agreement if there was no agreement. “We will do everything we can to make this a good agreement and to hold the president at his word and make sure we get a renegotiation,” the head of the 12.5-million-strong union umbrella group told a conference call with reporters.  “If it comes out that it is not a good deal, no deal is better than a bad deal,” Trumka said. NAFTA has quadrupled trade among the three countries, surpassing $1 trillion in 2015, but the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico exceeded $63 billion last year. ",1
2709,Trump urges U.S. Congress to repeal Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday urged Republicans in Congress to repeal Obamacare and work on a healthcare plan that he said would draw Democratic support. In a tweet following the loss of support for a Senate Republican bill, Trump said, “Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!” Democrats have insisted that they will not cooperate with any Republican legislation that repeals President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare law, but would work in a bipartisan way to improve it. ",1
2710,Trump says Iran complying with nuclear deal but remains dangerous threat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration on Monday declared that Iran was complying with its nuclear agreement with world powers, but warned that Tehran was in default of the spirit of the accord and that Washington would look for ways to strengthen it. It was the second time Trump certified Iranian compliance with the agreement since he took office in January, despite criticizing it during the 2016 campaign as “the worst deal ever.” Trump administration officials, briefing reporters on Monday on the decision, said new economic sanctions against Iran were being prepared over its ballistic missile program and for contributing to regional tensions. Under U.S. law, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran’s compliance with the so-called Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Trump had faced a congressionally mandated deadline of Monday to decide. A senior administration official said Iran was judged in compliance of the 2015 nuclear deal but that Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson believed Iran “remains one of the most dangerous threats to U.S. interests and to regional stability.” The official ticked off a list of accusations about Iranian behavior in the region, including ballistic missile development and proliferation, support for terrorism and militancy, complicity in atrocities committed in Syria and threats to Gulf waterways. “The president and the secretary of state judge that these Iranian activities severely undermine the intent of the JCPOA, which was to contribute to regional and international peace and security. As a result, the president, the secretary of state and the entire administration judge that Iran is unquestionably in default of the spirit of the JCPOA,” the official said. The landmark deal struck with Iran by the United States, France, Britain, Russia, China and Germany is aimed at preventing Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon by imposing time-limited restrictions and strict international monitoring on its nuclear program. In return, Tehran won relief from punishing international economic sanctions. Iran denies seeking nuclear arms. The U.N. nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, concluded in December 2015, however, that Iran worked on the design of a missile-borne nuclear warhead until 2009. While lifting nuclear-linked sanctions, the United States maintains sanctions related to Iran’s ballistic missile program, human rights record and what Washington charges is its support for international terrorism.  The senior administration official said the Trump administration intended to employ a strategy that would “address the totality of Iran’s malign behavior” and not just focus on the Iran nuclear agreement. The administration is also looking at ways to strengthen the nuclear deal and more strictly enforce it, the official said, citing concerns that the deal over time would let Iran openly pursue industrial-scale nuclear fuel enrichment. “We’re in a period where we’re going to be working with our allies to explore options for addressing the JCPOA’s flaws, which there are many,” the official said. ",1
2711,USTR to seek 'appropriate mechanism' in NAFTA on currency manipulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Trade Representative’s office said on Monday it is seeking a provision to deter currency manipulation as part of its renegotiation of the North American Free trade agreement, a move that would set a precedent in a U.S. trade deal. In a letter to lawmakers setting out negotiating objectives, USTR Robert Lighthizer said that the pact should, “through an appropriate mechanism, ensure that the NAFTA countries avoid manipulating exchange rates in order to prevent effective balance of payments adjustment or to gain an unfair competitive advantage.” Neither Canada or Mexico is currently on a U.S. Treasury a “watch list” for possible currency manipulation.   ",1
2712,U.S. list of NAFTA goals 'not earth-shattering': Canada source,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada sees few surprises on the U.S.’ list of goals for renegotiating NAFTA, given that many of them have already been aired publicly, a source familiar with Canadian government thinking said on Tuesday. “It’s not earth-shattering ... the issues addressed in this document have largely been forecast by the U.S. administration in recent months as priorities for them,” said the source, who requested anonymity given the sensitivity of the situation. ",1
2713,"Mexico welcomes U.S. NAFTA objectives, eyes stronger North America","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s government on Monday said it would work to strengthen the North American economy after the United States published its objectives for the renegotiation of the NAFTA trade deal, which one Mexican official described as “not as bad” as feared. In a statement, the Mexican economy ministry said it expected talks between the United States, Mexico and Canada on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to be able to get under way from Aug. 16. For now, Mexico would continue with domestic consultations on the revamp of the accord until early August, it added. The ministry said it would work “to achieve a constructive negotiation process that will allow trade and investment flows to increase and consolidates cooperation and economic integration to strengthen North American competitiveness.” The United States said its top priority for the talks was shrinking the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada, a recurring complaint of U.S. President Donald Trump. [L1N1K8149] In a highly anticipated document sent to lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he would seek to reduce the trade imbalance by improving access for U.S. goods exported to Canada and Mexico under the three-nation pact. Speaking under condition of anonymity, a senior Mexican official said the list of priorities was “not as bad as I was expecting” and welcomed that the United States was not pushing to impose punitive tariffs, as Trump has threatened. The official also noted the U.S. wish to ditch the Chapter 19 dispute settlement mechanism that has hindered the United States from pursuing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Mexican and Canadian firms would be resisted firmly by Canada. “Canada will fight to (the) death on Chapter 19,” the official said. ",1
2714,Two Republican senators join opposition to revised healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senators Jerry Moran and Mike Lee announced their opposition on Monday to a revised Republican healthcare bill, delivering a serious blow to the legislation. “We must now start fresh with an open legislative process to develop innovative solutions that provide greater personal choice, protections for pre-existing conditions, increased access and lower overall costs for Kansans,” Moran said in a statement. ",1
2715,"Major tech firms, internet providers clash over U.S. net neutrality rules","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tech companies clashed with internet service providers on Monday over whether a landmark 2015 net neutrality order barring the blocking or slowing of web content should be scrapped by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission. A group representing major technology firms including Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Facebook Inc (FB.O) urged the FCC to abandon plans to rescind the rules barring internet service providers from hindering consumer access to web content or offering paid “fast lanes.” The Internet Association said in its filing with the FCC that dismantling the rules “will create significant uncertainty in the market and upset the careful balance that has led to the current virtuous circle of innovation in the broadband ecosystem.”  The rollback would harm consumers, added the group, which also represents Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Microsoft Inc (MSFT.O), Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) and Snap Inc (SNAP.N). Major internet service providers including AT&T Inc (T.N), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) urged the FCC, however, to reverse the rules enacted during former President Barack Obama’s administration, even as they vowed not to hinder internet access. Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) said the Obama order had “injected uncertainty into the marketplace, restricted innovation, and chilled investment.” It called the prospect of future rate regulation “a toxic approach if the goal is to encourage investment or the entrance of new competitors into the market.” Comcast said the order “represented an unfortunate, unnecessary, and profoundly unwise wrong-turn for the broadband economy and consumers more broadly.” AT&T said the FCC in 2015 “grossly exaggerated the need for public-utility-style regulation while ignoring its costs.” White House spokesman Sean Spicer declined to weigh in on Monday, noting the FCC was an independent agency. In May, the FCC voted 2-1 to advance Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai’s plan to withdraw the former Obama administration’s order reclassifying internet service providers as if they were utilities.  Pai has asked that if in the event the FCC reverses that order, whether it has the authority or should keep any regulations limiting internet providers’ ability to block, throttle or offer  “fast lanes” to some websites, known as “paid prioritization.” Pai, who argues the Obama order was unnecessary and harms jobs and investment, has not committed to retaining any rules, but said he favors an “open internet.” The Internet Association said there was “no reliable evidence” that investment by providers had fallen. Twelve state attorneys general including from Illinois and California urged the FCC not to overturn the Obama rules, saying that would “expose consumers to the risk that their internet access will be interfered with and disrupted.” More than 8.4 million public comments have been filed on the proposal. Pai will face questions on Wednesday on the issue at a U.S. Senate hearing. Providers say they strongly support open internet rules and will not block or throttle legal websites even without legal requirements. But some providers have said paid prioritization may make sense at times, citing self-driving cars and healthcare information. The Internet Association said it was “open to alternative legal bases for the rules, either via legislative action codifying the existing net neutrality rules or via sound legal theories offered by the commission.” But it said Pai’s proposal “offers no clear alternatives.”  ",1
2716,Senate delays healthcare vote as McCain recovers from surgery,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will delay its consideration of healthcare legislation while Arizona Republican Senator John McCain recuperates from surgery, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Saturday. McCain’s absence cast doubt on whether the Senate would be able to pass the legislation to dismantle and replace Obamacare.  McConnell needs 50 “yes” votes for passage in a chamber the Republicans control by a 52-48 margin. “While John is recovering, the Senate will continue our work on legislative items and nominations, and will defer consideration of the Better Care Act,” McConnell said in a statement.  The announcement came after McCain’s office said he would remain in Arizona next week following a procedure to remove a 2-inch (5-cm) blood clot from above his left eye. Repealing and replacing President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law was a top campaign promise for President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress. But two Republican senators have already declared their opposition to revised legislation unveiled on Thursday. McCain has expressed concern about the healthcare bill but has not said how he would vote.   The 2008 Republican presidential nominee, McCain was resting comfortably at home in good condition after Friday’s operation, his office said.   “There are few people tougher than my friend John McCain, and I know he’ll be back with us soon,” McConnell said. McCain’s surgeons removed the clot during a minimally invasive craniotomy through an incision in the 80-year-old lawmaker’s eyebrow.  Tissue pathology reports would be available within the next several days. “Thanks to @MayoClinic for its excellent care — I appreciate your support & look forward to getting back to work!” McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on social network Twitter  late on Saturday. ",1
2717,"Grandmas, grandpas from travel ban states now welcome: U.S. cable","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Grandparents of U.S. citizens from six Muslim-majority countries are now eligible to receive U.S. visas, according to a State Department memo seen by Reuters that reflects the latest court ruling on U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban. The memo, or cable, from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was sent to all U.S. diplomatic posts overseas on Friday after a U.S. district judge in Hawaii issued a ruling late on Thursday limiting the scope of the administration’s temporary ban on refugees and travelers from the six countries. U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu found the government cannot bar grandparents and other relatives of United States citizens from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from getting visas under the ban. Watson declined to put his ruling on hold pending appeal, meaning it went into effect immediately. The administration has asked the Supreme Court and the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to block the decision.  The July 14 cable updated the definition of ""close family"" that are exempt from the temporary travel ban laid down in Trump's March 6 executive order. (The cable can be read at: reut.rs/2uC040y) The cable reversed the State Department’s previous, narrow definition of close family and stated that “grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, aunts and uncles, nephews and nieces, and cousins” are eligible for visas. Consulates and embassies do not need to reopen any visa applications refused under the prior, narrower definition of close family members, the cable said. Between March 10 and March 17, Tillerson issued four cables, originally giving instructions on implementing the travel ban,  then rescinding much of his guidance because of court rulings and because it had been issued without approval from the White House Office of Management and Budget. In another reversal, the State Department had originally interpreted the Supreme Court’s June 26 ruling to exclude fiancés, saying they do not count as a close family relationship eligible for an exemption to the travel ban. Just before the 90-day travel ban was to take effect on June 29, the State Department said fiancés would be counted as close family. “These guys (consular officers) have had enough whiplash over the past six, seven months but they continue to fulfill their role, which is to process visa applications,” said Stephen Pattison, a former State Department consular official now working as an immigration attorney. “The people who are really getting whiplash are the people in the department who are responsible for formulating the policy, getting it approved and getting it sent out.” A State Department official declined to comment on internal communications. “We regularly provide updated operational instructions to our embassies and consulates around the world to ensure that our consular officers are using the most up-to-date vetting procedures as they adjudicate visas,” the official said on condition of anonymity.  “We are processing visa applications for nationals of the six affected countries as directed by the Executive Order and to the extent permitted by court decisions,” the official said. Last month the Supreme Court partially revived the March 6 ban that had been blocked by lower courts. It said the ban could take effect, but people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred. ",1
2718,U.S. appeals court upholds gag orders on FBI data surveillance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. federal appeals court on Monday upheld nondisclosure rules that allow the FBI to secretly issue surveillance orders for customer data to communications firms, a ruling that dealt a blow to privacy advocates. A unanimous three-judge panel on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco sided with a lower court decision in finding that rules permitting the Federal Bureau of Investigation to send national security letters under gag orders are appropriate and do not violate the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution’s free speech protections. Content distribution firm Cloudflare and phone network operator CREDO Mobile had sued the government in order to notify customers of five national security letters, or NSLs, received between 2011 and 2013. The FBI’s use of NSLs has drawn increased scrutiny as new transparency laws have let companies publish some of the letters, which has shown the agency may have run afoul of rules restricting their use. Andrew Crocker, an attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which represented the companies in the consolidated case, said no immediate decision whether to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court had been made. He called the ruling disappointing. The Justice Department declined comment. Several major technology firms, including Microsoft and Twitter, have mounted a variety of legal challenges in recent years to U.S. government restrictions limiting what they can disclose, both to affected users and to the public, about the surveillance requests they receive.  National security letters are a type of government subpoena for communications data sent to service providers. They are usually issued with a gag order, meaning the target is often unaware that records are being accessed, and they do not require a warrant. Tens of thousands of NSLs are issued annually, and some gag orders last indefinitely. Writing for the panel, Judge Sandra Ikuta said the gag orders meet a compelling U.S. government interest, are sufficiently narrow and allow for appropriate judicial review. Ikuta, appointed by former Republican President George W. Bush, said recent changes to the law passed by Congress in 2015 bolstered oversight of NSL use. In June of last year the U.S. Senate narrowly rejected a Republican-backed proposal to expand the kinds of telephone and internet records the FBI could request under an NSL to include senders and recipients of emails, some information about websites a person visits and social media log-in data. The legislation failed, but lawmakers have said they intend to pursue the expansion again. ",1
2719,Corporate tax reform negotiators aim above Trump's 15 percent pledge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump campaigned on cutting the U.S. corporate tax rate to 15 percent, but administration officials said on Monday negotiators engaged in closed-door talks are now shooting for a little over 20 percent because they realize the super-low rate would balloon the federal deficit. Republican leaders in the House of Representatives and the Senate are unlikely to allow the budget deficit to grow, so officials said they now hope for a corporate tax at the low end of a 20 percent to 25 percent range. “It’s going to be truly deficit neutral,” House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told reporters. “We’re going for permanence. That means our reforms have to balance in the budget.” Six months into Trump’s presidency, Republicans who control House, Senate and the White House have yet to agree on important features of a tax code overhaul. Under Senate rules, Republicans who want to take advantage of their simple majority and pass tax legislation without Democratic support must show the new policies will not add to the federal deficit after 10 years. Cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from a current 35 percent would cost more than $2 trillion over a decade, according to independent analysts, and that total would be hard to offset when proposals to raise revenue face broad political opposition. “I don’t think there are $2 trillion of politically saleable offsets on the corporate side of the ledger,” said Rohit Kumar, a former aide to Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell who now serves as a principal in the tax policy group at the consulting and accounting firm PwC LLP. Two House Republican proposals could help pay for such a reduction: a border adjustment tax and a proposed elimination of business deduction of debt interest payments. But these face broad opposition from industry and many Republican lawmakers. Administration officials hope the negotiators will agree on a plan by the end of July, convert it to legislation during August, unveil it in September and have Trump sign it into law well before the end of 2017. Independent analysts and lobbyists say a more likely timeline would see the release of tax legislation in October or November and a vote in early 2018.  The negotiators, Brady, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn, House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Finance Committee Chair Orrin Hatch, have yet to agree on a new corporate tax rate or how to pay for tax cuts. They also have yet to agree on which tax breaks to eliminate or whether to include a controversial border tax on imports. They want to end taxation on the foreign profits of U.S. multinational corporations and must agree on a measure to stop U.S. corporations from moving headquarters and shifting profits overseas. Lobbyists say the group is likely to consider a minimum tax on foreign corporate earnings as an alternative to the border tax.  Some Republicans in Congress acknowledge that it will be a challenge to identify tax code changes that can unite party factions now battling over healthcare and a fiscal 2018 budget that includes a legislative tool crucial for passing tax legislation without Democratic votes. “The question is, can we get a framework that has a chance of passage? And the answer to that is, we’ll see,” Hatch told reporters after taking part in a principals meeting last week. ",1
2720,Illinois governor to block Chicago schools' funding boost,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner said on Monday he intends to block money earmarked for Chicago Public Schools’ (CPS) teacher pensions under recent legislation because he feels it is too much of a “bailout” for a badly managed system. The bill, which revamps Illinois’ school funding system, was passed in May by the Democratic-controlled General Assembly, which has yet to send it to the Republican governor for approval. Rauner said he intends to use his veto to amend parts of the bill that address CPS pensions. That would result in a cut of nearly half of a $293 million funding boost for state aid and pensions CPS would receive in the legislation, freeing up $145 million for other school districts, according to funding data posted on Rauner’s website.  “The point of this school reform bill is to help low-income students across the state, including those in Chicago, get the education they deserve – not to bailout CPS’ mismanaged teacher pension system,” Rauner said in a statement. Escalating pension payments have led to drained reserves, debt dependency and junk bond ratings for CPS, the nation’s third-largest public school system. The bill establishes an evidence-based model that ties public school funding to “best practices” aimed at enhancing student achievement.  The $36 billion fiscal 2018 state budget the legislature enacted earlier this month over Rauner’s veto prohibits the flow of state money to schools in the absence of an evidence-based funding model. That has raised the possibility some school districts largely dependent on state funding may not be able to open for classes next month. Rauner accused Democratic legislative leaders of holding on to the bill to force a crisis. John Patterson, spokesman for Senate President John Cullerton, said discussions on releasing the legislation were ongoing. Meanwhile, CPS contended Rauner’s intended action on the bill would exceed the veto power afforded governors under the Illinois Constitution. That is because the amendatory veto as used by Rauner would substantially change the bill’s intent to make teacher pension funding more equitable. The governor’s office disputed that assertion. Unlike all other Illinois public school districts, which participate in a state-subsidized teachers’ retirement system, CPS has its own pension fund, which receives minimal funding from the state. “Governor Rauner’s stunt won’t pass legal muster, and instead jeopardizes the opening for dozens of school districts around the state,” CPS spokeswoman Emily Bittner said in a statement.  ",1
2721,"U.S. outlines NAFTA objectives, includes currency provision","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Monday outlined a tough negotiating strategy for revising the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement and for the first time in a U.S. trade deal said it would seek to deter currency manipulation by trading partners. In a much-anticipated document sent to lawmakers ahead of talks expected next month, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said the Trump administration aimed to reduce the U.S. trade deficit by improving access for U.S. goods exported to Canada and Mexico, the two countries in NAFTA besides the United States. The document asserts that no country should manipulate currency exchange to gain an unfair competitive advantage. The 17-page summary of negotiations for NAFTA offers a glimpse into what a Trump administration trade agenda could look like. Until now, President Donald Trump’s agenda has been shaped by campaign rhetoric and tweets. While Canada and Mexico are not considered currency manipulators, the reference in the list of objectives could set a template for future trade deals such as a pending negotiation to modify a five-year-old U.S.-South Korea free trade deal. South Korea is on a U.S. Treasury monitoring list for possible signs of currency manipulation.  Among the priorities, Lighthizer said the administration would seek to eliminate a trade dispute mechanism that has largely prohibited the United States from pursuing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Canadian and Mexican firms. It also plans to eliminate a range of non-tariff barriers to U.S. agricultural exports to Canada and Mexico. These include subsidies and unfair pricing structures. USTR said it would seek to strengthen NAFTA’s rules of origin to ensure that the pact’s benefits do not go to outside countries and to “incentivize” the sourcing of U.S. goods. It offered no details on such incentives and did not specify how much of a product’s components must originate from within North America. The demands that the Trump administration makes in the NAFTA talks could have far-reaching implications for U.S. trade relations across the globe, with China keen to make inroads with Mexico and Canada if the United States is seen to be retreating. Lighthizer said the negotiations would begin no earlier than Aug. 16, 2017. U.S. labor union leaders and Democratic lawmakers weighed in on the issue early, reminding Trump they expect him to keep 2016 election campaign promises to protect American workers in NAFTA talks. They stopped short of demanding termination of the 1994 trade pact with Canada and Mexico. Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO, an umbrella organization of unions representing 12.5 million workers, said NAFTA had been an “unequivocal failure” and should be completely renegotiated. “We will do everything we can to make this a good agreement and to hold the president at his word and make sure we get a renegotiation,” he told a conference call with reporters. “If it comes out that it is not a good deal, no deal is better than a bad deal,” Trumka said. NAFTA has quadrupled trade among the three countries, surpassing $1 trillion in 2015. Over a decade to 2010, however, the United States lost nearly 6 million manufacturing jobs. The U.S. trade balance with Mexico also swung from a small surplus in 1994 to deficits that have exceeded $60 billion for most of the past decade.  ",1
2722,Trump vows to protect 'Made in America' products,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump promised on Monday he would take more legal and regulatory steps during the next six months to protect American manufacturers, lashing out against trade deals and trade practices he said have hurt U.S. companies. Trump climbed into an American-made fire truck parked behind the White House, took a swing with a baseball bat in the Blue Room, and briefly donned a customized Stetson cowboy hat in front of cheering manufacturing company executives from all 50 states gathered to hear him praise their products. “I want to make a pledge to each and every one of you: No longer are we going to allow other countries to break the rules, steal our jobs and drain our wealth,” Trump said. He was speaking to a trade show - albeit one with a protectionist bent - organized by the White House to spotlight his efforts to revive the flagging manufacturing sector.  Trump’s remarks came as his administration laid out its priorities for revising the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico. Trump is also reviewing options to restrict steel imports. Trump did not give details about what his administration would do to protect manufacturers, but he railed against tariffs charged by other countries and unfair trade practices. “That includes cracking down on the predatory online sales of foreign goods, which is absolutely killing our shoppers and our shopping centers,” he said. “If you look at what is going on with shopping centers and stores and jobs and stores, it’s been very, very tough for them. They’ve have had a very hard time, closing at numbers and records that have never been seen before,” he said. It was unclear what Trump meant by stopping “predatory online sales,” and the White House did not immediately respond to a request for more information on that subject. Trump spoke in front of a panoply of iconic American-made products: Gibson guitars, Maryland crab pots, a Delaware-made NASA space suit and Cheerwine soda. “Your drivers are very good,” Trump said to a representative of Ping, the Arizona-based maker of golf clubs, noting that he had golfed with British pro golfer Lee Westwood, who is a fan. He discussed sales of Sikorsky (LMT.N) helicopters - “I have three of them!” he said, lifted horseshoes made with Nucor Corp (NUE.N) steel, and strolled past vacuum-sealed Omaha steaks. He told the manufacturers that he was working for a “level playing field” for their wares. “But if the playing field were slanted like a little bit toward us, I’d accept that also,” Trump said. ",1
2723,Texas business leaders call on lawmakers to drop 'bathroom bill',"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A group of Texas business leaders urged state lawmakers on Monday to abandon plans to pass a bill to restrict bathroom access for transgender people, calling such a measure bad for the economy. The Republican-dominated legislature begins a 30-day special session on Tuesday with 20 items on the agenda, including one of the “bathroom bills” that have been a flashpoint in U.S. culture wars. Supporter of the legislation have said it is a common-sense measure that protects public safety. Critics call it discriminatory. Texas, the most powerful Republican-controlled state, could lose about $5.6 billion through 2026 and businesses could find it difficult to recruit top talent if such a measure is enacted, according to the state’s leading employer organization. “The distraction of a bathroom bill pulls us away from being competitive as a state,” Jeff Moseley, chief executive of the Texas Association of Business, told a rally outside the Capitol.  “On this discussion, conservatives can disagree with conservatives,” said Moseley, whose group has typically aligned itself with the state’s Republican leaders. The legislation restricts access to places like bathrooms and locker rooms based on the gender listed on people’s birth certificates and not the gender with which they identify. A similar law in North Carolina, partially repealed in March, prompted the relocation of sporting events and economic boycotts that was estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars. The stakes are higher in Texas, which has an economy larger than Russia’s. A bill similar to North Carolina’s passed the Texas Senate in the regular session and was killed by pro-business Republican leaders in the House, who ran out the clock on the measure. The bathroom bill’s main backer, Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a social conservative who sets the state Senate’s legislative agenda, has said economic losses would be inconsequential. “(The Texas Republican majority) want to maintain separate restrooms, locker rooms and shower facilities for men and women and boys and girls, and they don’t care if the media thinks it is politically incorrect,” his political campaign said in a statement on Monday. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Joe Straus and companies including IBM, American Airlines, Apple and Southwest Airlines have spoken out against the bill. “On the bathroom bill, there is no real compromise because even the most mild bill is going to be interpreted as discriminatory,” said Mark Jones, a political science professor at Rice University in Houston. ",1
2724,Threatening note left at senator's office amid healthcare debate,"(Reuters) - A threatening note was left over the weekend at the Las Vegas office of a Republican U.S. senator from Nevada who may cast a decisive vote over a healthcare bill aimed at dismantling Obamacare, police said on Monday. Officers who responded to a burglary alarm at the building housing Senator Dean Heller’s office found the note near the office door on Sunday morning, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said in a statement. The content of the note was not released and police are investigating. The alarm was triggered by motion sensors and there was no forced entry to the building or Heller’s office, spokesman Officer Larry Hadfield said by phone. Heller, who is up for re-election next year, is under pressure over his potential vote on the revised bill before the Senate that would roll back the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature domestic accomplishment, popularly known as Obamacare. Heller is among a dozen Republican senators who have expressed reservations or remained noncommittal about the revised bill. Republicans control the Senate by a 52-48 margin and cannot afford to lose more than two from within their ranks because of united Democratic opposition. Two Republicans have already said they oppose it. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has delayed a vote on a retooled bill.  Heller’s office declined to comment on the letter, citing an ongoing investigation. ",1
2725,New York attorney general says will sue over Obamacare repeal,"(Reuters) - New York state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman intends to sue the federal government if Republican lawmakers pass proposed legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, his office said on Monday. Schneiderman’s office said it has identified “multiple constitutional defects” with the Republican healthcare bills. The U.S. Senate is considering legislation to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement, commonly known as Obamacare. However, eight to 10 Republican U.S. senators have serious concerns about the proposals, moderate Republican Senator Susan Collins, who opposes the bill, said on Sunday. Democratic state attorneys general have become a major source of opposition to Republican President Donald Trump’s policies, having successfully forced him to significantly scale back a ban on travel from six Muslim-majority countries. A group of Democrats led by Schneiderman and California Attorney General Xavier Becerra earlier this year sought to intervene in a pending lawsuit in order to defend subsidies paid to health insurers under Obamacare. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit has not yet ruled on that request.  Among the Republican proposals that raise constitutional issues are one that would defund the Planned Parenthood health group for a year, and another that would shift some Medicaid costs in New York from counties to the state, known as the Collins-Faso amendment, said Amy Spitalnick, a Schneiderman spokeswoman. Critics of the latter provision say it would drastically increase costs in the state budget for the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor and disabled. A Justice Department spokeswoman declined to comment on the lawsuit threat. A representative for Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
2726,Ex-U.S. diplomats seek to save State Department refugee office,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Forty former U.S. diplomats and national security officials urged Secretary of State Rex Tillerson not to eliminate the State Department office that handles refugees in a letter seen by Reuters on Monday. The letter argued that a Trump administration proposal to transfer the responsibilities of the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration (PRM) to other agencies would undercut U.S. diplomatic leverage in grappling with foreign crises. Among the retired officials who signed the letter were former Deputy Secretary of State William Burns, former Under Secretaries of State for Political Affairs Nicholas Burns and Wendy Sherman and former Middle East peace envoy Dennis Ross. “Whether in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kenya, Turkey or South Sudan, the Department of State’s efforts to address humanitarian crises must include the tightest coordination of diplomatic engagement and emergency assistance,” the letter, which was also signed by 18 executives with non-governmental aid agencies, said. “We are convinced that the elimination of PRM’s assistance functions would have profound and negative implications for the Secretary of State’s capacity to influence policy issues of key concern to the United States,” the letter said. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Tillerson “has no preconceived notions about the outcome of the transformation process he has begun at the State Department.” She added that Tillerson viewed the work of both the Bureau of Consular Affairs and the PRM as “essential to the Department’s mission to secure our borders and protect the American people.” A memo to the Office of Management and Budget seen by Reuters proposes giving PRM’s responsibility for the U.S. Refugee Admission Program, which helps resettle refugees in the United States, to the Department of Homeland Security. The memo, which was first reported by CNN on June 30 and which a former official said was prepared by the White House’s domestic policy council, proposes transferring its other responsibilities elsewhere and eliminating the bureau. The memo and the letter from the former officials appear to be part of a wider struggle over refugee and immigration policy. This includes executive orders signed by President Donald Trump and challenged in court temporarily banning most refugees and most citizens from some Muslim-majority countries from entering, an internal debate over the cost of resettling refugees and a crackdown on illegal immigration. The issue may come up at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing at 5 p.m. (2100 GMT) on Monday where Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan is scheduled to testify about the State Department’s reorganization plans. ",1
2727,Caitlyn Jenner joins celebs mulling run for U.S. political office,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Caitlyn Jenner has joined the list of celebrities who are considering running for political office in the United States following the election of former reality television star Donald Trump as president. Jenner, who as former Olympic champion Bruce Jenner in 2015 became the highest-profile American to transition to a woman, said she would decide in the next six months or so whether to run for the U.S. Senate in California. Jenner told John Catsimatidis on his “CATS Roundtable” New York radio show on Sunday, that she is working with activist groups to improve the Republican Party’s stance on lesbian, gay and transgender issues. “Over the next six months or so I gotta find out where I can do a better job. Can I do a better job from the outside working the perimeter of the political scene, being open to talking to anybody, or are you better off from the inside? “We are in the process of determining that. But yeah, I would look for a senatorial run,” she said. Democratic U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein is up for re-election in California in 2018. Jenner, 67, is a Republican but in February she criticized the Trump administration for reversing a federal directive that allowed transgender students to use public school bathrooms of their choice. “From one Republican to another, this is a disaster,” she said in a video message to Trump at the time. The success of Trump, a businessman who found fame through TV reality show “The Apprentice,” has encouraged others with no  political experience to consider running for office. Last week country-rock singer Kid Rock, a supporter of Trump, hinted he intends to run for the Senate in 2018 but he has yet to make any official announcement. He has not mentioned where he would run. Actor and former wrestler Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson has said he might run for the White House someday but has not mentioned a political affiliation. Previous celebrities who made the transition to politics include action movie star Arnold Schwarzenegger, who served two terms as California governor, and professional wrestler Jesse Ventura, who was elected Minnesota governor. ",1
2728,U.S. Secret Service rejects suggestion it vetted Trump son's meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Secret Service on Sunday denied a suggestion from President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer that it had vetted a meeting between the president’s son and Russian nationals during the 2016 campaign. Donald Trump Jr. has acknowledged that he met in New York with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya after he was told she might have damaging information about his father’s rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton. “Well, I wonder why the Secret Service, if this was nefarious, why the Secret Service allowed these people in. The president had Secret Service protection at that point, and that raised a question with me,” Jay Sekulow, a member of the president’s legal team, said on Sunday on the ABC news program “This Week.”  In an emailed response to questions about Sekulow’s comments, Secret Service spokesman Mason Brayman said the younger Trump was not under Secret Service protection at the time of the meeting, which included Trump’s son and two senior campaign officials. “Donald Trump, Jr. was not a protectee of the USSS in June, 2016. Thus we would not have screened anyone he was meeting with at that time,” the statement said. According to emails released by Trump Jr. last week, he eagerly agreed to meet Veselnitskaya, who he was told was a Russian government lawyer. Veselnitskaya has said she is a private lawyer and denies having Kremlin ties. On Friday, NBC News reported that a lobbyist who was once a Soviet counter-intelligence officer participated in the meeting, which was also attended by Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and the president’s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort. The meeting appears to be the most tangible evidence of a connection between Trump’s election campaign and Russia, a subject that has prompted investigations by congressional committees and a federal special counsel. Moscow has denied any interference and the president and Trump Jr. have denied any collusion. Sekulow’s comments about the Secret Service drew quick criticism, including from Frances Townsend, who advised former Republican President George W. Bush on homeland security. “Ok let’s try to deflect blame & throw those in @SecretService who protect @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & family under the bus,” she said on Twitter. The Secret Service’s mission is to provide physical protection for the U.S. president. The agency also protects major presidential candidates. But its role in vetting people who meet with a U.S. president or candidates is limited to ensuring physical safety. Trump himself has said he was unaware of the meeting between his son and the Russian lawyer until a few days ago. “The president was not aware about this meeting, did not participate in this meeting,” Sekulow told the CBS program “Face the Nation.” Sekulow added that Trump was not aware of any meetings between his campaign staff and Russians. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election to hurt Clinton and help Trump. They are also investigating potential connections between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on one of the panels investigating the matter, the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CNN: “The level of credibility from the senior level of this administration really is suspect.” Warner said he wanted to hear from everyone who attended the June 2016 meeting. “Whether we will be able to get the Russian nationals to come over and testify is an open question, (but) those people that our committee has jurisdiction over, the Americans, I sure as heck want to talk to all of them,” Warner said. ",1
2729,Eight to 10 Republicans have concerns on healthcare bill: Collins,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eight to 10 Republican U.S. senators have serious concerns about Republican healthcare legislation to roll back Obamacare, moderate Republican Senator Susan Collins, who opposes the bill, said on Sunday. The Senate, which is delaying its consideration of the bill while Arizona Republican Senator John McCain recuperates from surgery to remove a blood clot, will take it up as soon as all senators are available, Senator John Cornyn, the second-ranking Republican senator, said. McCain’s absence casts doubt on whether the Senate would be able to pass legislation to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement, commonly known as Obamacare. Collins is one of two Republican senators who have already said that they would not even vote to open debate on the latest version of the bill released on Thursday, meaning one more defection from the Republican ranks could kill it.. Republicans control the Senate by a 52-48 margin. With the Democrats solidly opposed to the legislation, the Republicans can only pass the bill if all their other members back it and if Republican Vice President Mike Pence casts his tie-breaking vote in favor. A Washington Post-ABC News poll published on Sunday showed Americans preferred Obamacare by a 2-1 margin. Approaching six months in office, Trump’s overall approval rating has dropped to 36 percent from 42 percent in April.  While Collins said that she did not know if the legislation would ultimately pass, she said as many as 10 Republicans have doubts about it. “There are about eight to 10 Republican senators who have serious concerns about this bill,” Collins told CNN’s “State of the Union” program, faulting the bill for its major cuts to the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor, which she said would harm rural hospitals and nursing homes. “I don’t know whether it will pass, but I do know this, we should not be making fundamental changes in a vital safety net program that’s been on the books for 50 years - the Medicaid program - without having a single hearing to evaluate what the consequences are going to be,” she added. Republican Senator Rand Paul also reiterated his opposition to the bill, which he described as “terrible” because it retained many of the Obamacare taxes and subsidies. “The current system is terrible,” Paul said on Fox News Sunday. “I don’t think Republicans should put their name on this. It is a bad political strategy and it will not fix the problem.” The bill unwinds Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion over three years, from 2021 to 2024. But it goes beyond repealing Obamacare by imposing drastic cuts to Medicaid that deepen in 2025. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated the bill would cut Medicaid by nearly $800 billion by 2026, and would cut Medicaid 35 percent come 2036. McCain, who plans to stay in Arizona this week after a procedure to remove a 2-inch (5-cm) blood clot from above his left eye, has expressed concern about the healthcare bill but has not said how he would vote. “We need Senator McCain in more ways than one. As soon as we have a full contingent of senators we will have that vote,” Cornyn, of Texas, told NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. ",1
2730,"Trump campaign paid lawyer now representing son $50,000 in June","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s campaign paid $50,000 to the law office now representing Donald Trump Jr. a little more than a week before news surfaced of an unreported meeting with a Russian attorney that has prompted new accusations of collusion. The payment to the Law Offices of Alan S. Futerfas, dated June 27, was disclosed in a filing with the Federal Election Commission on Saturday. It was described as covering “legal consulting” fees.  Trump Jr. admitted to meeting with a Russian lawyer in New York City during the 2016 presidential campaign after he was told she might have damaging information about his father’s rival, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The payment was made to Futerfas’ firm days before the story about the meeting broke, which caused a scramble inside the White House and Trump Tower to contain it.  The disclosures do not say who Futerfas was hired to represent. Spokesmen for Trump’s re-election campaign and Futerfas did not respond to requests for comment.  Futerfas was revealed as Trump Jr.’s lawyer on Monday after a New York Times report detailed meetings between the president’s eldest son and the Russian lawyer. Futerfas has not said when he was hired.      Separately, the campaign also paid more than $538,000 to Jones Day, the law firm that represented Trump’s campaign during the election. The campaign also paid $89,561 for “legal consulting” to The Trump Corporation, which is owned by the president. The payment was dated June 30th. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as potential connections between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied any interference and the president and Trump Jr. have denied any collusion. The Federal Election Commission has previously ruled that candidates and federal office holders may spend campaign funds on legal fees incurred because they were a candidate. Trump has also hired a longtime legal adviser, Marc Kasowitz, as outside counsel. His campaign finance disclosure did not list any payments to Kasowitz. The White House confirmed in a statement on Saturday that veteran Washington attorney Ty Cobb will serve as special counsel, and sources familiar with the hiring said Cobb would handle the White House’s response to the Russia-related investigations. Cobb, a partner at the law firm Hogan Lovells, is expected to be an intermediary between the White House and Congress, as well as outside attorneys as the probes continue.  In the second quarter of 2017, Trump’s re-election campaign raised about $8 million and spent $4.4 million, according to Saturday’s disclosures. Much of the money raised from individuals came in the form of “small dollar” donations, classed as donations of less than $250. Trump and his campaign have frequently touted the number of small-dollar donors as proof of his widespread support. Trump filed for re-election the day after taking office - allowing his campaign to continue to raise and spend money while he is in office. ",1
2731,Exclusive: Australia-U.S. refugee swap again in doubt as officials exit Nauru,"SYDNEY/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials interviewing refugees held in an Australian-run offshore detention center left the facility abruptly, three detainees told Reuters on Saturday, throwing further doubt over a plan to resettle many of the detainees in America.  U.S. officials halted screening interviews and departed the Pacific island of Nauru on Friday, two weeks short of their scheduled timetable and a day after Washington said the United States had reached its annual refugee intake cap.  “U.S. (officials) were scheduled to be on Nauru until July 26 but they left on Friday,” one refugee told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he did not want to jeopardize his application for U.S. resettlement.  In the United States, a senior member of the union that represents refugee officers at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), a Department of Homeland Security agency, told Reuters his own trip to Nauru was not going forward as scheduled.  Jason Marks, chief steward of the American Federation of Government Employees Local 1924, told Reuters his trip has now been pushed back and it was unclear whether it will actually happen. The USCIS said on Saturday that the program would continue but offered no details.  “We do not discuss the exact dates of USCIS’ circuit rides to adjudicate refugees’ applications. However, we are planning return trips,” the agency said in a statement.   “It is not uncommon for the dates of tentatively planned refugee circuit ride trips worldwide to change due to a wide variety of factors.” The Australian Immigration Department declined to comment on the whereabouts of the U.S. officials or the future of a refugee swap agreement between Australia and the United States that President Donald Trump earlier this year branded a “dumb deal”. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said on Sunday the deal was progressing as expected, reiterating the government had assurances from the Trump administration. “The quota will roll over again on October 1 as I said, and I expect that the United States will adhere to this agreement, as the president promised,” she told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.  An indefinite postponement of the deal would have significant repercussions for Australia’s pledge to close a second detention center on Papua New Guinea’s Manus island on Oct 31. Only 70 refugees, less than 10 percent of the total detainees held in the camp, have completed U.S. processing. Bishop said she did not believe it was the case only 10 percent of refugees had been processed. “The U.S. deal looks more and more doubtful,” Ian Rintoul from the Refugee Action Coalition said. “The U.S. deal was never the solution the Australian government pretended it to be.” Former U.S. President Barack Obama agreed a deal with Australia late last year to offer refuge to up to 1,250 asylum seekers, a deal the Trump administration said it would only honor to maintain a strong relationship with Australia and then only on condition that refugees satisfied strict checks. In exchange, Australia has pledged to take Central American refugees from a center in Costa Rica, where the United States has taken in a larger number of people in recent years. The swap is designed, in part, to help Australia close both Manus and Nauru, which are expensive to run and have been widely criticized by the United Nations and others over treatment of detainees. The U.S. government confirmed on Thursday that its refugee intake cap of 50,000 people had been reached with the new intake year not due to begin until Oct. 1. Exemptions could be made for those who have a “credible claim to a bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States,” following a decision from the U.S. Supreme Court last month reviving elements of Trump’s travel ban while it considers the legality of the order. Given the risky boat journey the refugees in Manus and Nauru undertook to reach Australia, it is unlikely many of them have strong family ties to the United States, experts said. The majority of the detainees interviewed on both Manus and Nauru by U.S. officials in April are from Sudan, Somalia and Afghanistan. Australia’s hardline immigration policy requires asylum seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia to be sent for processing to camps at Manus and on Nauru. They are told they will never be settled in Australia. Trump’s resistance to the refugee deal had strained relations with a key Asia Pacific ally, triggering a fractious phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull earlier this year. Trump’s concession and a series of high-level visits by U.S. dignities have since help mend connections between the two countries.  Australia has already offered detainees up to $25,000 to voluntarily return to their home countries, an offer few have taken up. ",1
2732,Jimmy Carter recovers from dehydration scare in Canada,"WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, appearing fully recovered from dehydration suffered while helping to build a home for charity in Canada, was released from an overnight hospital stay on Friday and addressed the project’s closing ceremony. Carter, 92, collapsed while working on Thursday at the Winnipeg construction site for Habitat for Humanity, which promotes affordable home ownership, and was taken to St. Boniface General Hospital for medical treatment and tests. By Friday morning, Carter was smiling as he returned to the building site to help kick off the project’s last day. Hours later, he and his wife, Rosalynn Carter, 89, attended closing ceremonies at the Canadian Museum for Human Rights in Manitoba’s capital, receiving a rousing ovation from the crowd. Dressed in blue jeans, a T-shirt and light-weight jacket, a relaxed, fit-looking Carter climbed a short flight of steps to the stage to salute Habitat’s members for their contributions. “I look upon all the volunteers, in a very sincere way, as human rights heroes, and I thank you for it,” he said, and joked that his “bringing attention to this Habitat project was completely unintentional.” The former first lady told the crowd her husband received a clean bill of health after an extensive battery of tests during his brief hospitalization, including from one test designed to detect heart damage. The results showed “there has never been any kind of damage at all to Jimmy Carter’s heart,” she said. “I knew he had a good heart.” Thursday’s health scare generated an outpouring of support for Carter, a Democrat who served in the White House from January 1977 to January 1981 and has lived longer after his term in office than any other president in U.S. history. A high point of his presidency was Carter’s role in brokering the 1978 Camp David Accords that ushered in peace between Israel and Egypt.  But having left office profoundly unpopular, he is widely regarded as a better former president than he was a president, and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002 for his humanitarian work. Carter disclosed in August 2015 that he had been diagnosed with a form of skin cancer called melanoma that had spread to his brain and elsewhere and had been spotted during liver surgery. But months later, Carter told the Maranatha Baptist Church, where he teaches Sunday school in his home town of Plains, Georgia, that his latest brain scan showed no sign of the disease. Carter was in Canada for a project to build 150 new homes for needy families, celebrating the country’s 150th independence anniversary. ",1
2733,Trump picks lawyer Ty Cobb to handle Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump announced in a statement on Saturday that veteran Washington lawyer Ty Cobb will serve as special counsel, and sources familiar with the hiring said Cobb would handle the White House’s response to Russia-related investigations.  Cobb, a partner at the law firm Hogan Lovells in Washington, is expected to be an intermediary between the White House and Congress, as well as outside attorneys as probes into the Trump campaign’s connections to Russia continue. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential connections between Russian officials and the Trump campaign. Moscow has denied any interference and the president has denied any collusion. The last person to hold a similar position to Cobb’s was lawyer Emmet Flood, who worked in the George W. Bush administration to respond to Congressional inquiries.  ",1
2734,Supreme Court gives Hawaii until Tuesday to answer Trump travel ban motion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court has asked the State of Hawaii to respond by Tuesday at noon to President Donald Trump’s motion to block a judge’s ruling that prevented his travel ban from being applied to grandparents of U.S. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies, the court’s public  information office said on Saturday.  In a court filing on Friday, the administration asked the justices to overturn Thursday’s decision by a U.S. district judge in Hawaii, which limited the scope of the administration’s temporary ban on refugees and travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. The latest round in the fight over Trump’s March 6 executive order, which he says is needed to prevent terrorism attacks, began when the Supreme Court intervened last month to partially revive the two bans, which had been blocked by lower courts. The Supreme Court said then that the ban could take effect, but that people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred. The administration had narrowly interpreted that language, saying the ban would apply to grandparents and other family members, prompting the state of Hawaii to ask Hawaii-based U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson to expand the definition of who could be admitted. Trump banned travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and refugees for 120 days. The Supreme Court has agreed to hear oral arguments in the fall over whether the ban violates the U.S. Constitution.  ",1
2735,"Russian-American lobbyist met with Trump Jr., Russian lawyer: NBC News","(Reuters) - A lobbyist who was once a Soviet counter-intelligence officer participated last year in a meeting with senior aides to U.S. President Donald Trump, including his eldest son, and a Russian lawyer, NBC News reported on Friday, adding to allegations of possible connections between Moscow and the November election. NBC News, which did not identify the Russian-American lobbyist, said some U.S. officials suspected him of still having ties to Russian intelligence, something he denied to the network.  The Associated Press said the lobbyist, whom it identified as Rinat Akhmetshin, confirmed that he had attended the June 2016 meeting in New York’s Trump Tower. A source familiar with the participants of the meeting confirmed to Reuters that Akhmetshin was in the room. The meeting appears to be the most tangible evidence of a connection between Trump’s election campaign and Russia, a subject that has prompted investigations by congressional committees and a federal special counsel. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and former campaign adviser Paul Manafort were also at the meeting, which the president’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., agreed to attend because he believed he could get damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Trump Jr. did not mention Akhmetshin’s presence when he released a series of emails about the meeting earlier this week. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said the report about Akhmetshin “if accurate, adds another deeply disturbing fact about this secret meeting.” Akhmetshin was not available for comment on Friday. There was no answer at the door of his house in Washington. The White House had no immediate comment about the NBC News report of a Russian-American lobbyist at the meeting. Kushner’s spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment, and Manafort’s spokesman Jason Maloni said Manafort had no comment on the meeting. A former Trump campaign adviser, Michael Caputo, told reporters after he testified to the House Intelligence Committee in closed session on Friday that he had no contact with Russians and never heard of anyone in the campaign “talking with Russians.”     Accusations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Moscow meddled in the election and colluded with the Trump campaign have dominated the Republican president’s first months in office. Russia denies the allegations, and Trump says there was no collusion. The agencies said earlier this year that Russia sought to help Trump win the election by hacking private emails from Democratic Party officials and disseminating false information online. To help the White House deal with Russia-related investigations, Trump is hiring veteran Washington lawyer Ty Cobb, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday. Cobb’s role is separate from Trump’s outside legal team, led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz.  Akhmetshin has been accused in federal and state courts in the United States of engaging in hacking conspiracies, although the allegations were later withdrawn, according to court records.  In 2015, lawyers for the Russian mining company International Mineral Resources claimed in the U.S. District Court of the District of Columbia that Akhmetshin helped organize the hack, theft and dissemination of private documents. That case was dropped. The same company filed a lawsuit against Akhmetshin in the New York Supreme Court but withdrew it last year.  U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley described Akhmetshin in a letter to the Justice Department in March as “a former member of the Russian military intelligence services (GRU)” who was working to overturn the 2012 “Magnitsky Act” of Congress, which blacklists Russians for human rights abuses. The Kremlin has often complained about the act.     Congressional records show that Akhmetshin lobbied Congress last year for the Human Rights Accountability Global Initiative Foundation, a Washington-based advocacy group that says it is working to lift laws that prevent U.S. residents from adopting Russian children. Those laws were put in place by Moscow in response to the Magnitsky Act. Trump told Reuters on Wednesday that he did not know about his son’s meeting last year until recently. But in a conversation with reporters later that day, Trump said: “In fact, maybe (the meeting) was mentioned at some point,” adding that he was not told it was about Clinton.    Trump Jr.’s lawyer, Alan Futerfas, said he had talked with a person who came to the meeting between Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and Trump aides.       “He told me specifically he was not working for the Russian government, and in fact laughed when I asked him that question,” Futerfas told NBC News. It was not immediately clear if the person he referred to was Akhmetshin. The lawyer said Trump Jr. knew nothing about the man’s background at the time of the meeting. The Russian lawyer in the meeting, Veselnitskaya, has said she was not working for Russian authorities, but she told The Wall Street Journal in an interview on Friday that she was meeting with Russian authorities regularly. She said she shared information about a U.S.-born fund manager who lobbied for passage of the Magnitsky Act with the Russian prosecutor general’s office, including with Prosecutor General Yuri Chaika, a top official appointed by the Kremlin, the Journal said.  ",1
2736,One more Republican defection would doom Senate healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump turned up the heat on Friday on fellow Republicans in the U.S. Senate to pass a bill dismantling the Obamacare law, but with their retooled healthcare plan drawing fire within the party even one more defection would doom it. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has planned for a vote next week on revised legislation, unveiled on Thursday, and he has his work cut out for him in the coming days to get the 50 “yes” votes needed for passage. Republicans control the Senate by a 52-48 margin and cannot afford to lose more than two from within their ranks because of united Democratic opposition, but two Republican senators already have declared opposition. “After all of these years of suffering thru Obamacare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised,” Trump, who made gutting Obamacare one of his central campaign promises last year, wrote on Twitter from Paris, where he attended Bastille Day celebrations. The top U.S. doctors’ group, the American Medical Association, on Friday called the new bill inadequate and said more bipartisan collaboration is needed in the months ahead to improve the delivery and financing of healthcare. Hospital and medical advocacy groups also have criticized the bill. “The revised bill does not address the key concerns of physicians and patients regarding proposed Medicaid cuts and inadequate subsidies that will result in millions of Americans losing health insurance coverage,” AMA President Dr. David Barbe said, referring to the government insurance program for the poor and disabled. A major test for McConnell’s legislation expected early next week is an analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which last month forecast that the prior version of the bill would have resulted in 22 million Americans losing  insurance over the next decade. A day after that CBO analysis was issued, McConnell postponed a planned vote on the legislation because of a revolt within his own party, including moderates and hard-line conservatives. While the bill’s prospects may look precarious, the same could have been said of healthcare legislation that ultimately was passed by the House of Representatives. Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan called off a vote in March in the face of a rebellion involving the disparate factions of the party but managed to coax enough lawmakers to back it and engineered narrow approval on May 4. Vice President Mike Pence sought to shore up support among the nation’s governors at a meeting in Rhode Island, but a key Republican governor, Ohio’s John Kasich, came out strongly against the revised bill, saying its Medicaid cuts were too deep and it does too little to stabilize the insurance market. Kasich’s opposition could put pressure on Rob Portman, a  Republican senator from Ohio, who has not yet taken a position on the bill. If the current Senate legislation collapses, some lawmakers have raised the possibility of seeking bipartisan legislation to fix parts of Obamacare but leaving intact the structure of the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement, commonly known as Obamacare. “There are changes that need to be made to the law,” Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, told MSNBC, citing “a bipartisan appetite to tackle this issue.” Moderate Susan Collins and conservative Rand Paul already oppose the revised Senate bill. Other Republican senators have either expressed concern or remained noncommittal, including Portman, Mike Lee, Shelley Moore Capito, John McCain, Dean Heller, John Hoeven, Lisa Murkowski, Jeff Flake, Ben Sasse, Cory Gardner, Todd Young and Thom Tillis. Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy floated an alternative plan. The new version was crafted to satisfy the Republican Party’s various elements, including moderates worried about Americans who would be left without medical coverage and hard-line conservatives who demand less government regulation of health insurance. A provision championed by Republican Senator Ted Cruz and aimed at attracting conservatives would let insurers sell cheap, bare-bones insurance policies that would not have to cover broad benefits mandated under Obamacare. But two major health insurance groups, America’s Health Insurance Plans and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, called on McConnell to drop the Cruz proposal, saying it would undermine protections for pre-existing medical conditions, raise insurance premiums and destabilize the individual insurance market. The bill retained certain Obamacare taxes on the wealthy that the earlier version would have eliminated, a step moderates could embrace. But it kept the core of the earlier bill, including ending the expansion of Medicaid that was instrumental in enabling Obamacare to expand coverage to 20 million people, and restructuring that social safety-net program. John Thune, a member of the Senate Republican leadership, said in order to complete work on the bill by the end of next week, Senate leaders would have to try to formally begin debate on Tuesday or Wednesday, a move that requires a majority vote. ",1
2737,U.S. health insurers want Cruz proposal dropped from Senate bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two major U.S. health insurance groups on Friday called on Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell to drop from a healthcare bill a provision proposed by Senator Ted Cruz that allows insurers to offer stripped-down, low-cost healthcare plans. “It is simply unworkable in any form and would undermine protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions, increase premiums and lead to widespread terminations of coverage for people currently enrolled in the individual market,” America’s Health Insurance Plans and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association said in a letter to McConnell and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer. ",1
2738,Trump asks Supreme Court to block travel ban ruling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Friday asked the Supreme Court to block a judge’s ruling that prevented President Donald Trump’s travel ban from being applied to grandparents of U.S. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies. In a court filing, the administration asked the justices to overturn Thursday’s decision by a U.S. district judge in Hawaii, which limited the scope of the administration’s temporary ban on refugees and travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. The latest round in the fight over Trump’s March 6 executive order, which he says is needed for national security reasons, came after the Supreme Court intervened last month to partially revive the two bans, which were blocked by lower courts. The Supreme Court said then that the ban could take effect, but that people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred.  The administration had narrowly interpreted that language, saying the ban would apply to grandparents and other family members, prompting the state of Hawaii to ask Hawaii-based U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson to expand the definition of who could be admitted. He ruled for the state late on Thursday. In the court filing, the Justice Department said the judge’s ruling “empties the (Supreme) Court’s decision of meaning, as it encompasses not just “close” family members but virtually all family members. The conservative-leaning Supreme Court is not currently in session but the justices can handle emergency requests. The administration’s application could be directed either to Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has responsibility for emergency requests from western states, or to the nine justices as a whole. If the court as a whole is asked to weigh in, five votes are needed to grant such a request. “The truth here is that the government’s interpretation of the Supreme Court’s stay order defies common sense,” said Omar Jadwat, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union involved in challenging the ban. “That’s what the district court correctly found and the attorney general’s misleading attacks on its decision can’t change that fact.” In his decision, Watson harshly criticized the government’s definition of close family relations as “the antithesis of common sense.” Watson also ruled that the assurance by a resettlement agency to provide basic services to a newly arrived refugee constitutes an adequate connection to the United States because it is a sufficiently formal and documented agreement that triggers responsibilities and compensation. In the court filing, the Justice Department said Watson’s ruling on refugees would make the Supreme Court’s decision on that part of the executive order “effectively meaningless.” The ruling, if left in place, means refugees can continue to be resettled in the United States, beyond a cap of 50,000 set by the executive order. That limit was reached this week.  The Supreme Court’s decision last month revived parts of Trump’s March 6 executive order banning travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, as well as refugees for 120 days. The court also agreed to hear oral arguments in the fall over whether the ban violates the U.S. Constitution. ",1
2739,U.S. farm lobby turns up heat on Trump team as NAFTA talks near," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With talks to renegotiate the NAFTA trade pact just weeks away, U.S. farm groups and lawmakers from rural states are intensifying lobbying of President Donald Trump’s administration with one central message: leave farming out of it.  Trump blames the North American Free Trade Agreement - the “worst trade deal ever” in his words - for millions of lost manufacturing jobs and promises to tilt it in America’s favor.  But for U.S. farmers the 23-year old pact secures access to stable, lucrative markets in Mexico and Canada that now account for over a quarter of U.S. farm exports.   Now they fear this access could become a bargaining chip in efforts to get a better deal for U.S. manufacturers.  “Perhaps some other sectors of our economy are given better terms and in exchange for that agriculture tariffs would be reintroduced,” said Joe Schuele, a spokesman for the U.S. Meat Export Federation in Denver, Colorado.  Another concern is that the mere uncertainty of open-ended trade talks could drive Mexico to alternative suppliers of grains, dairy products, beef and pork.  Mexico became even more crucial after Trump’s pullout from a vast Pacific Rim trade pact negotiated under Barack Obama dashed farmers’ hopes of free access to more markets.  Next week, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is due to outline the administration’s goals for the NAFTA talks to Congress and the farm lobby has turned up the heat in the past weeks to ensure that its interests will make Lighthizer’s list.  Operating under the umbrella of the U.S. Food and Agriculture Dialogue for Trade, more than 130 commodity groups and agribusiness giants since Trump’s inauguration have been bombarding the new administration with phone calls and letters, public comments to USTR and face-to-face meetings with top officials who have Trump’s ear.  “Our first ask is to do no harm,” said Cassandra Kuball, the head of the umbrella group.  Lobbyists said that Lighthizer, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross have been receptive, but the wild card is how Trump ultimately will come down on the talks. They also wonder what concessions Mexico will seek from Washington in the talks due to start in mid-August.  Among the groups involved are the American Soybean Association, Corn Refiners Association and National Grain and Feed Association and firms such as Land O’Lakes, Inc., Tyson Foods(TSN.N), Inc., Louis Dreyfus Company North America, Archer Daniels Midland Co. and others.  For example, U.S. cotton producers, marketers and shippers in mid-June warned the Trump administration that any weakening of NAFTA “would threaten the health of the U.S. industry and the jobs of the 125,000 Americans employed by it.”  Annual U.S. farm exports to Mexico have grown from about $4 billion in 1994, when NAFTA began, to an estimated $18.5 billion this year. With Canada included, that number is forecast to reach $40 billion, quadrupling under NAFTA.  Republican lawmakers from rural states that have backed Trump in the 2016 election have sought to leverage their political clout to press farmers’ case at a time when they struggle with low crop prices.  Pat Roberts, Republican senator from Kansas, who chairs the Senate Agriculture Committee, said he used an unexpected invitation for a private White House meeting with Trump to plug in agriculture’s cause in NAFTA and beyond.  “He (Trump) wanted to know what was happening in farmland,” Roberts said. “I told him we went through a very rough patch and if we did not have a strong, robust, predictable trade policy, it’s going to make life much more difficult in farm country,” Roberts said of the 45-minute meeting in late June.  In May, 18 Republican senators, mainly from pro-Trump farming states, wrote the administration about the “tremendous growth” in U.S. trade with Mexico and Canada as a result of NAFTA.  “Efforts to abandon the agreement or impose unnecessary restrictions on trade with our North American partners will have devastating economic consequences,” they warned.  Trump’s pledges to crack down on immigration and calls for a wall along the border with Mexico also vex farm state lawmakers.  “What I really need is a good, solid immigration system,” South Dakota Republican Senator Mike Rounds said. Given his state’s low unemployment rate of just around 2.8 percent, farmers and ranchers need better access to legal foreign labor, he said.  Agriculture Secretary Perdue got a taste of farmers’ angst when met cattle ranchers in Nebraska on May 20. The event was held shortly after Washington agreed with China to resume beef exports, but some 60 ranchers who gathered at U.S. Senator Deb Fischer’s Sunny Slope Ranch quickly turned to NAFTA.  “If the president wants to renegotiate that agreement with our neighbors and partners in Mexico and Canada please leave the ag portion of that discussion out,” said Pete McClymont, executive vice president of Nebraska Cattlemen, summarizing the discussion.  While lobbying in Washington, some Republican lawmakers have also met with Mexico’s ambassador and U.S. farming representatives traveled south to assure their partners unsettled by Trump’s “America First” mantra.  “The common comment is: ‘why are you here? The problem is not with us. The problem is in Washington. Why are you talking to us?’” said Tom Sleight, president and CEO of the U.S. Grains Council. “The new normal is that feed buyers, millers, grain buyers are actively looking at alternative sources,” he said.  It will take months to find out how effective the lobbying was. Meantime, some are willing to give Trump the benefit of the doubt.  Daryl Haack, a corn and soybean farmer from Primghar in northwest Iowa, like others fears retaliation from either Canada or Mexico, but is optimistic it will not come to that.  “I think President Trump is a negotiator,” he said. “I think he runs bluffs. A lot of negotiators will do that.”  ",1
2740,Trump ex-adviser says he never heard of campaign contacts with Russians,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michael Caputo, who was an adviser to President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, said he told a U.S. House of Representatives committee on Friday that he never heard of anyone in the campaign talking with Russians. “Today I spent my time in front of the committee detailing the fact that I had no contacts with Russians and I never heard of anyone in the Trump campaign talking with Russians,” Caputo, a political consultant, told reporters after testifying at a closed meeting of the House Intelligence Committee. ",1
2741,Upgrade with a dab of TPP may be U.S. recipe for NAFTA revamp,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some provisions of the Trans-Pacific Partnership President Donald Trump quit as part of his pledge to protect American workers from “bad trade deals” may still serve to shape a revised NAFTA trade pact, U.S. officials and trade experts say. Trump threatened to ditch the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement too, but eventually decided to renegotiate the pact in talks with Mexico and Canada due to begin in mid-August. On Monday U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will offer first insights into the administration’s strategy when he presents Congress its objectives for the NAFTA negotiations. Several U.S. administration  officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the Lighthizer will outline plans for updating NAFTA rather than seek a major overhaul of the agreement. While the administration has said it hopes to complete NAFTA negotiations by the end of the year, the strategy will not set a timeline, they say. Thus far, the Trump administration offered few specifics, other than expressing its desire to modernize the pact to account for digital trade that was in its infancy in the early 1990s and to tackle festering issues on labor, environment, intellectual property rights and state-owned enterprises.    Since those areas have already been addressed in the TPP negotiated under Democratic President Barack Obama and agreed by Canada and Mexico, the pact provides a useful template that could help speed up the NAFTA negotiations, U.S. officials say. They warn, however, that no final decision has been made on using TPP language. TPP requires members, for example, to allow independent unions, set working hours and safety standards and deter forced labor and has set higher environment standards than any other previous U.S. trade deal.  The pact also set a 70-year copyright term and eight years of patent protection for costly biologic drugs, significantly less than the 12 years applied in the United States. Lawmakers from the U.S. industrial heartland particularly want to see enforceable labor standards that would lift Mexico’s chronically low wages, which they blame for U.S. factories migrating south of the border. “A lot of the negotiators were just in the room a few years ago doing this stuff. They know where the bodies are buried,” said one business executive with knowledge of NAFTA deliberations. Some lawmakers want a more ambitious deal than TPP. “Donald Trump promised to get a better deal than TPP, and Americans are going to be deeply disappointed if he doesn’t follow through on NAFTA negotiations,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee and an influential voice on trade matters. In particular, Canada and Mexico should be able to agree to U.S. proposals on digital trade and environment that got watered down in the final TPP text, Wyden told Reuters. “This is a once-in-a-generation chance to rewrite NAFTA. Trump can’t squander this opportunity.” The demands the Trump administration makes in the talks  could have far-reaching implications for U.S. trade relations across the globe, with China keen to make inroads with Mexico and Canada if the United States is seen to be pulling back. One area to watch will be the so-called rules of origin that determine how much regional content a product must have to be exempt from tariffs. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has frequently said NAFTA needed to tighten those rules to prevent China from using the trade bloc as a tariff-free “back door” to the U.S. market. Analysts say any U.S. demands for more specifically U.S. rather than broadly North American content for autos or other manufactured goods would be a tough sell, though Mexico has indicated it could be ready for some concessions to strengthen the region’s defenses against Asian competition. Christopher Padilla, former U.S. under secretary for international trade at the U.S. Commerce Department now at IBM, believes that merely “tweaking” the rules of origin would be enough to satisfy Trump’s political agenda, but it still may require companies to alter their supply chains. The clarion call from U.S. business groups in the lead-up to the talks is “do no harm.” U.S. and international companies have invested hundreds of billions of dollars building integrated North American supply networks and Trump rang alarm bells in corporate boardrooms in April when he threatened to terminate the pact. Trump backed off after a furious lobbying effort, but analysts say he may still choose a “hard exit” if the talks fail to achieve his goal of shrinking the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico. NAFTA has quadrupled trade between the three countries, surpassing $1 trillion in 2015. Over a decade through to 2010, however, the United States lost nearly 6 million manufacturing jobs, a figure that resonates with Trump. U.S. trade balance with Mexico also swung from a small surplus in 1994 to deficits that have exceeded $60 billion for most of the past decade. (Graphic:tmsnrt.rs/2oYClp2) Fred Bergsten, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said the administration would risk derailing the talks if it focused on reducing the trade imbalance with Mexico, like it has threatened to do. “We’re talking about an imbalance of $60 billion and there is no way under the sun that Mexico can eliminate that or even make a big dent in that without doing some really massive uneconomic distortion of trade flows.” ",1
2742,Canada's Trudeau warns against 'tempting shortcuts' in NAFTA renegotiations,"PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday warned U.S. governors against “politically tempting shortcuts” as the two countries and Mexico prepare to renegotiate the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). U.S. President Donald Trump has described the 1994 pact as “the worst trade deal ever” and vowed to change it to the advantage of the United States in talks due to begin later this summer. Trump’s stance on the accord has led Trudeau’s government to reach out aggressively to U.S. leaders, including one-on-one meetings on Friday with Vice President Mike Pence and the governors of Kentucky, Wisconsin, Rhode Island and Iowa. The meetings are intended to emphasize the importance of the two countries’ trading relationship. “Sometimes getting it right means refusing to take the politically tempting shortcuts,” Trudeau told a meeting of the U.S. National Governors Association in Providence, Rhode Island. “More trade barriers, more local-content provisions, more preferential access for homegrown players in government procurement, for example, does not help working families over the long term, or even the mid-term. Such policies kill growth.” He warned that protectionist postures run the risk of becoming “a cycle of tit-for-tat, a race to the bottom, where all sides lose.” Pence, who also spoke to the Governors Association, alluded only briefly to the NAFTA talks in his remarks, which focused on this week’s healthcare reform bill proposed by Senate Republicans. “We will modernize NAFTA for the 21st century so it is a win-win-win for all our trade partners in North America,” Pence, the former governor of Indiana, told the group. “We are looking forward to bringing NAFTA into the future in a way that will equally benefit both our countries.” In a nod to the concerns about competition with foreign labor that influenced Trump’s populist trade stance, Trudeau said that state and national governments needed to do more to ensure that the benefits of trade were felt by a wider slice of the population. “We think right upfront about how to make sure that benefits that will come from trade inevitably accrue to more of the population,” he said. Trudeau also told reporters on Friday that Trump told him that he did not expect to subject Canadian steel and aluminum to face tariffs on national security grounds. “I am optimistic that this important trade, which leads to millions of good jobs on both sides of the border, will continue,” Trudeau said. ",1
2743,"Pence, Trudeau discuss U.S.-Canada trade disagreements","(Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau discussed ongoing trade disagreements between their two countries on Friday on the sidelines of a gathering of U.S. governors. President Donald Trump plans to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between the United States, Canada and Mexico with talks to begin in mid-August. Trump feels the two allies and neighbors are taking advantage of lax American trade policies. Pence and Trudeau met on the fringes of the National Governors Association meeting in Providence, Rhode Island. “On behalf of President Trump, the vice president recognized the importance of the beneficial U.S. trade and investment relationship with Canada, while expressing the need to work together to address lingering trade disagreements,” a White House statement said. It added the two leaders also expressed “their shared commitment to update and modernize NAFTA through constructive renegotiation.” ",1
2744,Lawyer Ty Cobb to join White House to handle Russia probes,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The White House is hiring Ty Cobb, a veteran Washington lawyer with experience as a prosecutor and defense attorney to assist with Russia-related investigations, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday. Cobb has been a long-time partner at the law firm Hogan Lovells in Washington and represented people in government during the 1990s Clinton administration. Cobb did not respond to a request for comment, and a spokesman for the law firm declined to comment.  “We have no announcement at this time,” a White House spokeswoman said. A federal special counsel and several congressional panels are investigating allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential connections between Russian officials and the  campaign of then-candidate Donald Trump. Moscow has denied any interference and the President has denied any collusion. The intelligence agencies said earlier this year that Russia sought to help Trump win the election by hacking private emails from Democratic Party officials and spreading false information. Cobb is expected to be an intermediary between the White House and Congress, as well as outside attorneys. Trump met with Cobb about the role last month, Reuters exclusively reported on July 3. Bloomberg News wrote about his hiring earlier on Friday. Cobb’s role is separate from Trump’s outside legal team, led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz. Constitutional lawyer and evangelical radio talk show host Jay Sekulow, Washington lawyer John Dowd, and Michael Bowe, a partner at Kasowitz’s firm, are all on that team. Cobb, who sports a handlebar mustache, is a distant relative of the famous early 20th century baseball player of the same name.   Washington lawyer Robert Bennett, also of Hogan Lovells, who represented President Bill Clinton in the sexual harassment case filed by Paula Jones, said Cobb knew how to handle a crisis where politics and the law intersected. “Given recent developments, they really need him and need to listen to him,” said Bennett. In the 1990s, Cobb, 66, represented former Democratic National Committee fundraiser John Huang and former White House aide David Watkins, who was probed over the Clinton White House travel office.  In 2006, Cobb also represented former CIA official Mary McCarthy, who was fired after she was accused of providing classified information to reporters. No charges were brought against McCarthy.     Cobb graduated from Harvard University and earned his law degree at Georgetown. In the 1980s, he was a federal prosecutor in Baltimore, where he led a regional drug and organized crime task force. ",1
2745,Stalled Russia sanctions bill hits North Korean snag in U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bill that many lawmakers hoped would send a message to President Donald Trump to keep a strong line against Russia hit a new snag in the U.S. House of Representatives on Friday, as Republicans proposed combining it with sanctions on North Korea. The Russia sanctions bill passed the Senate on June 15 by 98-2, but it has not come up for a vote in the House. The chamber’s Republican leaders initially said there was a technical problem with how the bill was written, but after the Senate altered the bill to fix it, the measure still did not move. On Friday, Republicans suggested reworking the legislation to add new sanctions on North Korea. The Russia sanctions measure passed by the Senate is part of a broader bill that also includes new sanctions on Iran. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said he wanted the North Korea sanctions added to the bill. “It would be a very strong statement for all of America to get that sanction bill completed and done, and to the president’s desk,” the Republican lawmaker said in the House as it wrapped up its activity for the week.  Democrats rejected the suggestion as another tactic by Republicans supporting White House objections to the bill.  “This isn’t a serious proposal. It’s the latest delay tactic,” said Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. The House passed a new package of sanctions on North Korea in May by 419-1, and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, a Republican, said on Thursday his committee would be taking it up soon.  On Friday, Corker said he would be “more than glad” to consider adding North Korea to the legislation if the House chose to do so. Engel said there was no point in passing North Korea legislation again. The Trump administration objects to a provision in the Russia bill that sets up a process for Congress to approve any effort by the president to ease sanctions on Moscow. Seeking a greater influence in foreign policy, Congress has included provisions in a few recent major bills, starting with Corker’s 2015 legislation forcing congressional review of President Barack Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran. Lawmakers and aides have been negotiating for weeks to try to craft a compromise that would allow the Russia-Iran bill to move forward. On Thursday, they said they thought it could advance soon but on Friday said the North Korea issue made that less likely. [L1N1K42BV] ",1
2746,Mexico finance minister says NAFTA talks create economic uncertainty,MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Friday that upcoming talks with the United States and Canada to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) are a major source of uncertainty for the economy. Meade made the comment during a radio interview. ,1
2747,Trump asks Supreme Court to block travel ban ruling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Friday asked the Supreme Court to block a judge’s ruling that prevented President Donald Trump’s travel ban from being applied to grandparents of U.S. citizens and refugees already being processed by resettlement agencies. In a court filing, the administration asked the justices to overturn Thursday’s decision by a U.S. district judge in Hawaii, which limited the scope of the administration’s temporary ban on refugees and travelers from six Muslim-majority countries. The latest round in the fight over Trump’s March 6 executive order, which he says is needed for national security reasons, came after the Supreme Court intervened last month to partially revive the two bans, which were blocked by lower courts. The Supreme Court said then that the ban could take effect, but that people with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred.  The administration had narrowly interpreted that language, saying the ban would apply to grandparents and other family members, prompting the state of Hawaii to ask Hawaii-based U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson to expand the definition of who could be admitted. He ruled for the state late on Thursday. In the court filing, the Justice Department said the judge’s ruling “empties the (Supreme) Court’s decision of meaning, as it encompasses not just “close” family members but virtually all family members. The conservative-leaning Supreme Court is not currently in session but the justices can handle emergency requests. The administration’s application could be directed either to Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has responsibility for emergency requests from western states, or to the nine justices as a whole. If the court as a whole is asked to weigh in, five votes are needed to grant such a request. “The truth here is that the government’s interpretation of the Supreme Court’s stay order defies common sense,” said Omar Jadwat, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union involved in challenging the ban. “That’s what the district court correctly found and the attorney general’s misleading attacks on its decision can’t change that fact.” In his decision, Watson harshly criticized the government’s definition of close family relations as “the antithesis of common sense.” Watson also ruled that the assurance by a resettlement agency to provide basic services to a newly arrived refugee constitutes an adequate connection to the United States because it is a sufficiently formal and documented agreement that triggers responsibilities and compensation. In the court filing, the Justice Department said Watson’s ruling on refugees would make the Supreme Court’s decision on that part of the executive order “effectively meaningless.” The ruling, if left in place, means refugees can continue to be resettled in the United States, beyond a cap of 50,000 set by the executive order. That limit was reached this week.  The Supreme Court’s decision last month revived parts of Trump’s March 6 executive order banning travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, as well as refugees for 120 days. The court also agreed to hear oral arguments in the fall over whether the ban violates the U.S. Constitution. ",1
2748,"Democrats renew efforts to link banks, Trump and Russia","FRANKFURT/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some Democratic members of the U.S. Congress have renewed efforts to find possible links between banks such as Germany’s Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia. Investigations are being conducted in the United States into possible collusion between Trump’s campaign team and Russia during the presidential election campaign in 2016. The White House and the Kremlin have denied there was any interference in the election. Maxine Waters, ranking Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, told reporters she had filed a resolution of inquiry demanding the U.S. Treasury Secretary hand over documents in his possession, “relating to President Trump’s financial connections to Russia, certain illegal financial schemes, and related information”. The resolution asked for any records of loans or credit from a number of banks - including Deutsche Bank and Russian lenders Sberbank (SBER.MM) and Gazprombank (GZPRI.MM) - to Trump, and 22 of his closest associates, including family members and top White House and campaign advisers. Specifically, the group is seeking documents that may have been unearthed by the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network that could show any ties between Trump’s finances and Russia. A resolution of inquiry is a legislative tool by which the House can request information from the administration. Waters filed the resolution with the Financial Services Committee, which now has 14 legislative days to address it, either by debating it or voting it down.  If the committee, chaired and dominated by Republicans, ignores the resolution, it could head to the floor of the broader House. Waters and four other colleagues have been especially interested in learning more from Deutsche Bank, which government ethics disclosures list as one of Trump’s biggest lenders. Deutsche Bank’s lawyers have rejected requests for information, citing privacy laws. Waters asked Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen at a hearing on Wednesday whether the U.S. central bank had uncovered anything about Trump in its Deutsche regulatory work. Yellen said the Fed had not looked into it. ",1
2749,U.S. government crackdown threatens Kaspersky’s American dream,"(Reuters) - Eugene Kaspersky, the CEO of the Russian cybersecurity software firm that bears his name, had a big American dream.  He wanted his company to go beyond selling anti-virus software to consumers and small businesses and become a major vendor to the U.S. government - one of the world’s biggest buyers of cybersecurity tools.  Kaspersky set up a U.S. subsidiary, KGSS, in Arlington, Virginia that would be focused on winning that business. He sponsored flashy conferences with high-profile speakers -including Michael Flynn, who was briefly President Donald Trump’s national security adviser - sought to join U.S. trade groups and even underwrote programming on National Public Radio.  All of this was done to burnish Kaspersky’s image and help it become an accepted vendor for the U.S. government despite its Russian roots, according to people familiar with the strategy.  But Eugene Kaspersky was never able to overcome lingering suspicions among U.S. intelligence officials that he and his company were, or could become, pawns of Russia's spy agencies. Kaspersky ""has never helped, nor will help, any government in the world with its cyberespionage efforts,"" the company said.  Kaspersky’s American ambitions were further eroded by the sharp deterioration in U.S.-Russia relations following Russia’s invasion of Crimea in 2014, and later when U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia had hacked the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  Testifying before the U.S. Congress in May, U.S. intelligence chiefs for the first time publicly expressed doubt that Kaspersky products could be trusted.  FBI agents last month interviewed Kaspersky employees, asking whether they reported to Russia-based executives and how much data from American customers could be seen by Russian employees, according to three current and former employees. The FBI declined to comment on Thursday.  On Tuesday, the U.S. General Services Administration, the government agency that manages the federal bureaucracy, removed Kaspersky from a list of approved vendors, saying GSA’s mission was to ensure the security of U.S. government systems.  There is also a bill before Congress that would explicitly bar the Defense Department from using any Kaspersky products.  Kaspersky says his company is being targeted for political reasons.  “These reckless actions negatively impact global cybersecurity by limiting competition, slowing down technology innovations and ruining the industry and law enforcement agency cooperation required to catch the bad guys,” he said in a statement to Reuters.   The Arlington offices of KGSS were empty when a Reuters reporter visited them on Thursday. A Kaspersky spokeswoman said most of the staff, which number less than 10, often work from home.  The U.S. clampdown comes even though officials have offered no public evidence to suggest the company has done anything untoward or that the Russian government is using its software to launch cyber attacks.  Two former employees and a person briefed on the FBI case told Reuters that Kaspersky software has at times inappropriately inspected and removed files from users’ machines in its hunt for alleged cyber criminals, even when those files were not corrupted by viruses.  “Kaspersky Lab believes it is completely unacceptable that the company is being unjustly accused without any hard evidence to back up these false allegations,” the Kaspersky spokeswoman said in response in an email.  It is extremely rare for a company to be singled out for federal buying restrictions in the absence of clear evidence of wrongdoing.  “This sets a really dangerous precedent” where other nations could make similar, unsubstantiated claims against U.S. vendors, said Robert M. Lee, a former cyberwarfare operative for U.S. intelligence and now CEO of cybersecurity startup Dragos.  The Russian government has denounced the Kaspersky crackdown and said it does not rule out retaliatory measures. Officials at U.S. tech companies with significant operations in Russia say they fear they could become targets.  Federal contracting databases reviewed by Reuters show only a few hundred thousand dollars in purchases from Kaspersky, and an employee confirmed the company’s federal government revenue was “miniscule.”  But Kaspersky also sells to federal contractors and third-party software companies that incorporate its technology in their products, so its technology may be more widely used in government than it appears from the contracting databases, U.S. officials say.  Founded in 1997, Kaspersky grew rapidly through the 2000s to become one of the world's leading anti-virus software companies. (Kaspersky's global reach: tmsnrt.rs/2uWTQoV)  But the company was dogged from the start by suspicions about its ties to Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB), the main successor to the KGB. Eugene Kaspersky attended a KGB school and the company has acknowledged doing work for the FSB.  As the company grew, Kaspersky was determined to overcome those fears.  “We have to be more American than Americans,” Kaspersky told Reuters in 2013, when a U.S. goodwill offensive began.  A cornerstone of the effort was a series of KGSS-hosted conferences in Washington where prominent U.S. officials including Flynn, a former Defense Intelligence Agency director, former CIA and NSA Director Michael Hayden and House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul discussed cybersecurity issues.  The company privately courted U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials by sending experts to brief them on nation-state hacking campaigns uncovered by the firm, according to people present at those meetings.  “They came to us and said, ‘We want to change our image, we know people don’t trust us’,” said one former senior Obama administration official who took part in some of those meetings.  But the suspicions never subsided. When the company sought to join one Washington-based technology trade organization, it was “politely told it couldn’t happen,” according to an industry source with direct knowledge of the matter.  The source said industry group officials had an inside joke: “Kaspersky (membership) is like having the Kremlin join.”  Not coincidentally, Kaspersky’s government sales effort never gained traction. In an email to Reuters, the company noted “complexities associated with doing business with North America’s government sector.”  Privately held Kaspersky said its U.S. revenue, most of which comes from selling anti-virus software to consumers and small businesses, slipped from $164 million in 2014 to about $156 million in 2016.  Some U.S. national security experts say Kaspersky is being treated unfairly. Lee said he has long been bothered by the “public shaming” of Kaspersky by people who make allegations without presenting evidence.  The U.S. government has the right to choose not to use Kaspersky products for any reason, he said, but “the way they are doing it” is wrong.  “I don’t believe in geographic restrictions that say, ‘Because Kaspersky is a Russian-based company, therefore it is bad,’” said former White House cybersecurity policy coordinator Michael Daniel. “You would want your decision to be based on actual corporate bad behavior.”  ",1
2750,Sidelined healthcare lobby stymies Republican healthcare effort,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans pushing to overhaul Obamacare largely ignored key players in the debate over insuring the poor: the health insurers and hospitals charged with carrying out the law if it gets approved. Instead, conservative groups such as Heritage Action for America won the ears of Senate Republicans when it came to changing the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled. The snub is fueling health industry opposition to the new plans for Medicaid, and threatens to further frustrate the months-long effort to dismantle Obamacare.  The latest version of the Senate bill, released on Thursday, left the Medicaid overhaul largely unchanged from the radical makeover in the bill from the U.S. House of Representatives. A nonpartisan government agency has estimated an earlier version of the bill would trim nearly $800 billion in federal spending for Medicaid over 10 years. While insurers successfully influenced the legislation when it comes to individual insurance markets, the fact that they and hospital groups largely struck out on Medicaid is important because the new provisions shift more costs back to the states and hospitals.  These groups, along with insurers, will be charged with enforcing the new law, so Republicans need their buy-in, health policy experts say.  “A health policy means nothing if it can’t be implemented and doesn’t work,” said Andy Slavitt, former administrator under President Barack Obama of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which oversaw Obamacare. The Republican bill ends Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion and slashes traditional Medicaid funding, with cuts that deepen beginning in 2025. The U.S. House of Representatives passed its own version of the legislation in May.  “A lot of conservatives, Heritage Action included, desperately wanted to hold the line to make sure the Medicaid portion wasn’t watered down in the Senate,” said Dan Holler, vice president of Heritage Action for America, a conservative advocacy group. “It was something we made known to folks up in the Senate.”  When Democrats and the White House enacted Obamacare seven years ago, support from healthcare companies helped propel the legislation through Congress. The administration actively courted the health industry, lobbyists and former Obama administration officials said, viewing their support as critical to winning votes. While health insurer and hospital lobbyists said in recent weeks that they have been able to regularly meet with Republican lawmakers, they said their input on the bill’s Medicaid changes was largely ignored. A representative for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was not immediately available for comment. In 2017, the top hospital, doctor and insurer trade groups reported spending a total of more than $13 million on lobbying the federal government through the first quarter of 2017, according to a congressional lobbying database.  One hospital industry lobbyist said there has been no attempt by Republican leadership to have a serious discussion with industry lobbyists or leaders about how to change the bill to win their support.  That has not been the case with the portion of the bill that addresses the individual insurance market. Insurers, including some of the biggest providers of Obamacare individual plans, Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) and Molina Healthcare (MOH.N), have been asking for changes to specific policies.  For instance, the Senate bill repeals the penalty associated with the individual mandate, the requirement that all people purchase insurance or pay a government fee. In its place, insurers received one of their biggest demands: a provision in the bill that provides incentives for Americans to have continuous insurance coverage and allows insurers to charge them more if they let their policies lapse.  If that back and forth between industry and lawmakers on the individual insurance side ends up winning new conservative votes, lawmakers may be ready to turn the next round of healthcare bill negotiations to Medicaid, said Elizabeth Carpenter, senior vice president at Avalere Health, a consultant group to hospitals and insurers “The rubber meets the road on the Medicaid provision,” Carpenter said. ",1
2751,House backs massive increase in defense spending,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed its version of a massive annual defense bill on Friday, leaving out controversial amendments on transgender troops and climate policy but backing President Donald Trump’s desire for a bigger, stronger military. The vote was 344-81 to pass the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which sets military policy and authorizes up to $696 billion in spending for the Department of Defense. Underscoring bipartisan support for higher defense spending in Congress, 117 Democrats joined 227 Republicans in backing the measure. Only eight Republicans and 73 Democrats voted no. But the measure faces more hurdles before it can become law, notably because it would increase military spending beyond last year’s $619 billion bill, defying “sequestration” caps on government spending set in the 2011 Budget Control Act. Trump wants to pay for a military spending increase by slashing nondefense spending. His fellow Republicans control majorities in both the House and Senate, but they will need support from Senate Democrats, who want to increase military spending, for Trump’s plans to go into effect. The House NDAA also increases spending on missile defense by 25 percent, adds thousands more active-duty troops to the Army, provides five new ships for the Navy and provides a 2.4 percent salary increase for U.S. troops, their largest pay raise in eight years. And it creates a new Space Corps military service, pushed by lawmakers worried about China and Russia’s activities in space, but opposed by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. The Senate will vote on its version of the NDAA later this year, and the two versions must be reconciled before the measure can be sent to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. Trump has not threatened to veto the bill, but his administration listed several problems with it, including opposition to the proposed Space Corps and its failure to authorize new base realignments and closures. During debate on amendments to the NDAA this week, the House rejected a Republican-sponsored amendment that would have ended the Pentagon’s policy of providing gender-reassignment surgery and other therapy for active-duty transgender service members. Lawmakers also defeated a proposed Republican amendment that would have prevented the Pentagon from implementing climate-change and green energy policies. ",1
2752,Russia's Putin hopes dialogue with Trump will continue,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that he hoped for further dialogue with his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump after their meeting in Hamburg earlier this month on the fringes of the G20 summit. “If the dialogue were to go on, as you’ve said in this sense, in a humanitarian sense, there is the chance to hope that the dialogue develops further,” Putin said during a meeting with workers from the Lebedinsky mine in the Belgorod region. The meeting was aired by the Russia 24 TV channel. Putin once again praised Trump’s ability “to listen”. “He reacts to the interlocutor, at the reasons, he is involved in the discussion even if he doesn’t like something and he doesn’t agree with something, he asks some questions, reacts to the interlocutor’s reasoning,” Putin said. In Hamburg, Putin said he believed he had already established a personal relationship with Trump, adding that “the TV Trump is very different from the person in reality”. Speaking about crisis in Ukraine, Putin said on Friday that he hope it would eventually be resolved “bloodlessly” and via “democratic processes”. ",1
2753,Pelosi calls for outside commission to probe Russian meddling in U.S. election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi called on Thursday for the creation of an outside, independent commission to investigate what she said was “cold, hard evidence” that President Donald Trump’s family intended to collude with Russians to influence the election. “This week we saw cold hard evidence of the Trump campaign, indeed the Trump family, eagerly intending to collude, possibly,  with Russia, a hostile foreign power, to influence American elections,” Pelosi said, referring to emails released this week by Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr. ",1
2754,Mexico industry eyes NAFTA changes to find common ground with Trump,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican industry is exploring revising trade rules to ensure U.S. workers benefit from a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) to address head-on U.S. President Donald Trump’s biggest beef with the treaty. With talks due to start next month between the United States, Mexico and Canada, Mexican officials have stressed the need to craft a new deal that would strengthen the region against competitors, particularly in Asia. Trump has threatened to ditch NAFTA if he cannot rework it to the benefit of the United States, arguing it has fueled a trade deficit with Mexico and cost thousands of U.S. jobs. Mexican officials say a revamped NAFTA must further integrate the region and are awaiting U.S. negotiating objectives, due to be published on or around Sunday. They point to sectors like autos, where U.S. inputs make up some 40 percent of the value of products imported into the United States from Mexico, while Chinese exports contain only 4 percent, according to the U.S. Center for Automotive Research.  “If we integrate further and make Mexico more competitive versus China ... even if our exports rise, U.S. jobs will rise, because when we export (to the United States), they’re exporting too (via U.S. content),” said Jaime Serra, a former trade minister who led the initial NAFTA negotiations for Mexico. However, mindful that Trump needs to be able to claim a more obvious win from the shake-up, they are also looking at rules governing how much of a product is made in the region. NAFTA rules of origin stipulate that to qualify for tariff-free access, some products need to be sourced to a certain degree regionally. Cars, a recurring point of attack for Trump, must meet a threshold of 62.5 percent. Because raising that threshold would not automatically benefit U.S. workers - firms could just expand capacity in Mexico - Trump’s trade team want to have some national content rules within the regional framework, Mexican officials say. Moises Kalach, head of the international negotiating arm of Mexico’s CCE business lobby, which is coordinating the private sector’s role in the renegotiation, said they may explore domestic content rules on certain products. “It’ll be a tricky issue, and we’ll have to see case by case,” he said. Kalach declined to say what goods might be eligible. In May, he said a revamped NAFTA might source more work for future product lines from the region. The Mexican electronics industry wants to increase regional production of some components to reduce reliance on Asia, said Cesar Castro, vice president of electronics industry group Canieti. About 70 percent of content in electronic goods exported by Mexico to the United States is sourced from Asia, he said, highlighting products that would have a big slice of Chinese content even if manufactured by U.S. companies. To boost North American output, Canieti is considering a proposal that could see regional content in certain products raised from 5 percent to 50 percent over 10 years, Castro said. If Mexico’s arguments fall flat, however, and Trump threatens to impose punitive tariffs on Mexican-made goods, the sizeable U.S. surplus in services with Mexico could end up as a bargaining chip. That could complement Mexican efforts to target the big U.S. agricultural surplus with Mexico, which the Trump administration is already feeling pressure to preserve. Mexico could insist companies such as Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) build servers in the country, said a former Mexican official familiar with discussions, speaking on condition of anonymity. “As the U.S.’s second biggest market, it’s clear we can hit back,” said Andres Rozental, a former deputy foreign minister. “(Services are worth) more and more every day.” ",1
2755,Trump faces obstacles in bid to re-shape key U.S. courts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s effort to reshape influential U.S. courts by stocking them with conservative judges faces at least one significant impediment: some of the courts best placed to thwart his agenda have liberal majorities that are likely to stay in place in the short-term. Those courts, including an influential Washington appeals court and two appellate courts that ruled against Trump in cases involving his travel ban, all had an influx of fresh liberal blood under President Barack Obama.  “Trump is not going to be able to make any significant dents into the Democrats’ control of those three (appellate) circuits,” said Arthur Hellman, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. After eight years in office, Obama was able to make enough appointments to leave a strong liberal imprint on the federal courts. When he left the White House in January, nine of the 13 federal appeals courts had a majority of Democratic-appointed judges. The federal appeals courts, divided into 11 geographic regions plus two based in the District of Columbia, often have the final say in major legal disputes. The conservative-leaning U.S. Supreme Court, which now includes Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch, can overrule appeals court decisions, but hears only a small number of cases, which leaves lower court rulings in place most of the time.  The appeals courts can shape the interpretation of such issues as abortion, religious freedom, voting rights and race.  Appellate court judges serve lifetime terms, and so far Trump’s opportunities to appoint new ones have been mostly limited to courts that already lean conservative. Among the courts conservatives would most like to shift are the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, both of which ruled against Trump in cases challenging the Republican president’s executive orders temporarily banning travel to the United States by people from six predominantly Muslim countries. The Supreme Court partially revived the ban last month. The ideological balance of those courts has provided some hope to Trump’s legal opponents, including Democratic state attorneys general, who have already sued the administration over the travel ban and other issues. “Strategic attorneys general can likely chart a path through Democratic-leaning courts - making it harder on the Trump administration to pursue its agenda through executive action,” said Sarah Binder, a scholar the nonpartisan Brookings Institution think tank. Thanks in part to efforts by the Republican-led Senate in the final two years of Obama’s presidency to block the Democratic president’s judicial appointments, Trump has 21 appeals court slots to fill, according to the federal judiciary’s administrative office. The Senate Judiciary Committee approved two of Trump’s appeals court nominees on Thursday. In some of the key courts, new vacancies in the near term are more likely to be in slots currently filled by Republican appointees, so Trump’s early appointments will be unlikely to change the court balance. A case in point is the announcement this week by Republican appointee Janice Rogers Brown on the Washington appeals court that she plans to step down.  In Washington, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is often called the second-highest court in the land, in part because it hears a large number of cases concerning major government regulations on issues such as the environment and labor.  Democratic appointees hold a 7-4 advantage among the 11 active judges.  Of the Democratic appointees, Judge David Tatel is 75 and Judge Judith Rogers is 77. The next oldest is Merrick Garland at 64. Obama made four appointments to the court, the oldest of whom is 56. The San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is also stacked against Trump: out of 25 full-time judges, Democratic presidents appointed 18 and Republican presidents seven. The oldest Democratic appointee, liberal icon Stephen Reinhardt, is 86 years old. The 10 9th Circuit judges appointed by President Bill Clinton who still work full-time range in age from 63 to 72, and none have given any indication they plan to reduce their caseloads.  The court currently has four vacancies, but three of those seats are based in states - California, Oregon and Hawaii - with two Democratic senators who are likely to resist attempts to place extreme conservatives on the court. Those dynamics make it extremely unlikely that Trump will be able to significantly alter the 9th Circuit’s orientation, Hellman said.  The Virginia-based 4th Circuit has a 10-5 majority of Democratic appointees and no current vacancies. The oldest Democratic appointee is Judge Robert King, who is 77. Leonard Leo, executive vice president of the conservative Federalist Society, who has advised the White House on judicial nominations, is optimistic about Trump’s long-term prospects. “It takes time to recalibrate the federal courts,” he said.    In the meantime, Leo said, every slot matters, since conservative judges on liberal-majority courts can offer critical dissents in important cases and serve a kind of signaling function to the Supreme Court.  ",1
2756,"Presidents Bush and Clinton: Be humble in victory, responsible with power","DALLAS (Reuters) - Former U.S. presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton told a forum in Dallas on Thursday that they were able to forge mutual bonds of respect and friendship because the other had been gracious in victory and respectful of presidential power. The two did not mention President Donald Trump once during a nearly hour-long discussion where they traded quips and insights. But they offered indirect references that many in the crowd of about 300 people at the George W. Bush Presidential Library took to be references to the current president. “He (Clinton) was humble in victory, which is very important in dealing with other people,” Bush said at the event to mark a graduation at the Presidential Leadership Scholars program, a partnership among the Bush, Clinton, Lyndon Johnson and George H.W. Bush presidential centers. Clinton said: “If you want to be president, realize it’s about the people, not about you.  “You want to be able to say ‘things were better off when I quit, kid’s had a better future, things were coming together.’ You don’t want to say, ‘God, look at all the people I beat.’” Current President Trump has come under criticism from Democrats who have said he fires off excessive and unwarranted criticism against his predecessor, Democratic President Barack Obama and the person he beat in the election, Democrat Hillary Clinton. Republican Bush said while in office he sought Democrat Clinton’s advice. Clinton said when he left office he told incoming President Bush that he would offer him help and treat him with respect. Bush and Clinton said they have enjoyed their lives after the presidency but would not trade their current status for their eight years in office.  “The decisions you make have a monumental effect on people,” Bush said, adding humility is a key quality for any president. “Presidency is often defined by the unexpected. It makes the job interesting,” he said. Clinton said: “If you don’t deal with the incoming fire, it will undermine your ability to do anything else. If all you deal with is incoming fire, you can’t keep the promises you made when you were running.” The two also exchanged jokes about being grandfathers, with Bush saying his grandchildren call him “jefe,” Spanish for “chief.” “The best thing that can happen to you when you are in politics is to be consistently underestimated,” Clinton said. “I was pretty good at that,” Bush returned. ",1
2757,U.S. judge narrows travel ban in defeat for Trump,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s temporary ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries cannot stop grandparents and other relatives of United States citizens from entering the country, a U.S. judge said on Thursday. The ruling by U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu also opens the door for more refugees and deals Trump a fresh courtroom defeat in a long back-and-forth over an executive order that has gone all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court. The state of Hawaii had asked Watson to narrowly interpret a Supreme Court ruling that revived parts of Trump’s March 6 executive order banning travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, as well as refugees for 120 days. The Supreme Court last month said the ban could take effect, but that anyone from the six countries with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. person or entity could not be barred. The Trump administration then interpreted that opinion to allow spouses, parents, children, fiancés and siblings into the country, but barred grandparents and other family members, in a measure Trump called necessary to prevent attacks.  Watson harshly criticized the government’s definition of close family relations as “the antithesis of common sense” in a  ruling that changes the way the ban can now be implemented. “Common sense, for instance, dictates that close family members be defined to include grandparents. Indeed, grandparents are the epitome of close family members,” he wrote. A Justice Department spokeswoman declined to comment. Trump’s order is a pretext for illegal discrimination, Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin said in a statement. “Family members have been separated and real people have suffered enough,” Chin said. Chin had asked Watson for an injunction allowing grandparents and other family members to travel to the United States. Hawaii and refugee groups also had argued that resettlement agencies have a “bona fide” relationship with the refugees they help, sometimes over the course of years. The Justice Department said its rules were properly grounded in immigration law. Watson said the assurance by a resettlement agency to provide basic services to a newly arrived refugee constitutes an adequate connection to the U.S. because it is a sufficiently formal and documented agreement that triggers responsibilities and compensation.  “‘Bona fide’ does not get any more ‘bona fide’ than that,” Watson said.  Melanie Nezer, vice president of global refugee advocacy group HIAS, said the ruling should mean that refugees can continue to be resettled in the United States, beyond a cap of  50,000 set by the executive order. That limit was reached this week.  “We are thrilled that thousands of people will be reunited with their family members,” said Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project. More than 24,000 additional refugees should be allowed to travel to the U.S. under Watson’s order, she estimated.  Watson did not grant everything the state of Hawaii sought, however. He rejected a request to categorically exempt all Iraqis refugee applicants who believe they are at risk due to their work for the U.S. government since March, 2003, as interpreters and translators, for instance. Watson also refused a blanket exemption for those eligible to apply to a refugee program aimed at protecting certain children at risk in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala. The roll-out of the narrowed version of the ban was more subdued than in January, when Trump first signed a more expansive version of his order. That sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world. ",1
2758,Exclusive: U.S. asks nations to provide more traveler data or face sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department will require all nations to provide extensive data to help it vet visa applicants and determine whether a traveler poses a terrorist threat, according to a cable obtained by Reuters.  Countries that fail to comply with the new protocols or take steps to do so within 50 days could face travel sanctions.  The cable, sent to all U.S. diplomatic posts on Wednesday,  is a summary of a worldwide review of vetting procedures that was required under U.S. President Donald Trump’s revised March 6 executive order that temporarily banned U.S. travel by most citizens from six predominantly Muslim countries. The memo lays out a series of standards the United States will require of other countries, including that they issue, or have active plans to issue, electronic passports and regularly report lost and stolen passports to INTERPOL.  It also directs nations to provide “any other identity information” requested by Washington for U.S. visa applicants, including biometric or biographic details. The cable sets out requirements for countries to provide data on individuals it knows or has grounds to believe are terrorists as well as criminal record information.  Further, countries are asked not to block the transfer of information about U.S.-bound travelers to the U.S. government and not to designate people for travel watchlists based solely on their political or religious beliefs. “This is the first time that the U.S. Government is setting standards for the information that is required from all countries specifically in support of immigration and traveler vetting,” the cable said.  The cable can be read here: (reut.rs/2untHTl). The new requirements are the latest in a series of steps the Trump administration says it is taking to better protect the United States from terrorist attack.     However, former officials said much of the information sought is routinely shared between countries, including examples of passports and additional details about particular travelers that may present security concerns.  Some U.S. allies may worry about privacy protections if Washington is seen as seeking information beyond what is already shared, said John Sandweg, a former senior Homeland Security Department official now with the firm Frontier Solutions. “I don’t think you can ignore the political aspects of the unpopularity of the current administration. That puts political pressure to stand up to the administration,” he said. The cable lays out risk factors the U.S. government will consider when evaluating a country. Some of these are controversial and could be difficult for countries to prove to U.S. satisfaction, including ensuring “that they are not and do not have the potential to become a terrorist safe haven.” Countries are also expected to agree to take back citizens ordered removed from the United States. If they do not provide the information requested, or come up with an adequate plan to, countries could end up on a list to be submitted to Trump for possible sanction, including barring “categories” of their citizens from entering the United States. The real worries for countries may not come until the results of this review are known, said Leon Rodriguez, the former director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. “Once they start making decisions I think that is where there is going to be a lot of anxiety,” he said, saying delays in visa processing for nations that do not pose much of a threat could start to hurt “ordinary business and personal travel.” The most controversial of Trump’s immigration-related moves are two executive orders, challenged in federal court, which impose a temporary ban on travel to the United States for most citizens from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen.  While the orders were initially blocked from being enforced, the Supreme Court on June 26 allowed the ban to go into effect for people from the six nations with no strong ties to the United States.  The cable requires countries to act quickly, but stressed that the United States would work with foreign nations to assess if they meet the standards and, if not, to come up with a plan to help them do so. The cable asks that U.S. diplomats “underscore that while it is not our goal to impose a ban on immigration benefits, including visas, for citizens of any country, these standards are designed to mitigate risk, and failure to make progress could lead to security measures by the USG, including a presidential proclamation that would prohibit the entry of certain categories of foreign nationals of non-compliant countries.” The cable says the U.S. government has made a preliminary determination that some countries do not meet the new standards and that others are “at risk” of not meeting them. It does not name these, listing them in a separate, classified cable. The State Department declined comment on the cable, saying it would not discuss internal communications. “The U.S. government’s national security screening and vetting procedures for visitors are constantly reviewed and refined to improve security and more effectively identify individuals who could pose a threat to the United States,” said a U.S. State Department official on condition of anonymity. ",1
2759,U.S. House may be near deal on stalled Russia sanctions bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. congressional negotiators are making progress on resolving a dispute that has stalled a bill to impose new sanctions on Russia, congressional aides said on Thursday, and one lawmaker said the matter could be resolved as soon as Friday. “I think as soon as tomorrow, the House (of Representatives) could pass it out,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and an author of the bill, told reporters. He said he expected the House to make changes that would not affect the bill’s overall character and to address issues that have worried energy companies, such as a provision that oil firms said could block them out of international exploration projects if Russian firms were also involved. Hoping to send a message to President Donald Trump to maintain a strong line against Moscow, the Senate passed the sanctions on Russia, part of a broader measure also imposing new sanctions on Iran, by 98-2 on June 15. The bill has been mired in the House ever since. The delay has frustrated Democrats, and some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, who think the president is so eager to improve relations with Russia that he will not retaliate for Moscow’s international aggression. This week, Trump has been defending his oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., who met with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 campaign after he was told she might have damaging information about Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. Republicans, who control Congress, said the House could not vote on the Senate bill because it violated a constitutional requirement that legislation affecting government revenues originate in the House. Democrats accused Republicans of stalling because of Trump administration concern about a provision setting up a process for Congress to approve any effort by the president to ease sanctions on Russia. Seeking a greater influence in foreign policy, Congress has included such “review” provisions in a few recent major bills, starting with Corker’s 2015 legislation forcing congressional review of President Barack Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran. Corker said he thought there should be more congressional review of foreign policy. “It’s been my goal as chairman just to bring back our equivalent status to the executive branch, and this is one way of doing so.”  House aides said negotiations on the Russia bill were continuing. “No deal has been reached, but talks have been productive and will continue,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for House Speaker Paul Ryan. ",1
2760,"Trump says he is considering quotas, tariffs on Chinese steel dumping","(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said he is considering quotas and tariffs to deal with the “big problem” of steel dumping from China and others. “They’re dumping steel and destroying our steel industry, they’ve been doing it for decades, and I’m stopping it. It’ll stop,” he told reporters on Air Force One during a flight from the United States to France. “There are two ways: quotas and tariffs.  Maybe I’ll do both,” he said. Steel stocks rallied on the news, recovering some of the year-to-date declines in the sector. The S&P 1500 steel sector index added as much as 3 percent shortly after Trump’s remarks. The index rallied nearly 40 percent in the weeks following the Nov. 8 election, but so far this year it was down 6.6 percent at Wednesday On Thursday, the VanEck Vectors steel exchange-traded fund rose 0.6 percent after being down 1 percent before Trump’s remarks. AK Steel shares gained 7.9 percent, Nucor gained 2.6 percent and US Steel added 4.0 percent.     Trump’s action on steel is a part of a campaign pledge he made to help revive U.S. manufacturing. The administration’s decision on steel could be unveiled in the coming weeks. Trump also said he would invite Russian President Vladimir Putin to the White House. “I don’t think this is the right time, but the answer is yes, I would,” Trump said when asked if he would extend such an invitation to the Russian leader. ",1
2761,New Senate Republicans healthcare bill already in trouble,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican leaders released on Thursday a revised plan to dismantle the Obamacare law, but it drew criticism from senators on both sides of the political divide within the Republican party, indicating a treacherous path for the bill. The bill played to the party’s disparate factions by letting insurers sell cheap, bare-bones policies while retaining taxes on the wealthy.  But the immediate outcry illustrated the difficult political terrain that U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell must navigate. He is under pressure by President Donald Trump to pass a healthcare bill and make good on Republicans’ seven-year mission to gut Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement. “The American people deserve better than the pain of Obamacare. They deserve better care. And the time to deliver that to them is next week,” McConnell said. In addition to the criticism from some senators, a major hospital association and one large insurer said the measure falls short in critical areas. With Democrats united against it, McConnell cannot afford to lose more than two Republican senators to win passage. But moderate Susan Collins and conservative Rand Paul voiced opposition to even bringing the new plan up for debate. Several senators said they had concerns about the legislation, particularly its Medicaid cuts, including Shelley Moore Capito, Rob Portman and John McCain. And two other Republican senators, Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy, complicated matters by announcing an alternative plan. McConnell, a skillful tactician who was forced two weeks ago to scrub a planned vote on an earlier version opposed by both moderates and hard-line conservatives in his party, has planned for a vote on the retooled bill next week. The continuing lack of consensus among Republicans on what to do with Obamacare after calling for its demise since 2010 shows that it is no sure thing that Trump’s party will be able to get the job done. Healthcare is Trump’s first major legislative initiative. Failure would call into question his party’s ability to govern despite controlling both chambers of Congress and the White House. The measure represents a retreat from long-standing Republican aspirations to dump Obamacare-related taxes. It retains two taxes on the wealthy that helped pay for the Obamacare law that the previous version would have repealed, and also keeps Obamacare’s limits on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry. The bill included a provision allowing insurers to offer stripped-down, low-cost healthcare plans - a measure proposed by Senator Ted Cruz to try to win over holdout conservatives. These “skinny plans” would not have to cover the broad benefits mandated under Obamacare like maternity and newborn care, mental health services and addiction treatment, outpatient care, hospitalization, emergency room visits and prescription drugs. Insurer groups, including the national Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, have derided the skinny plans, saying they would raise insurance premiums, destabilize the individual insurance market and undermine protections for pre-existing medical conditions. Moderate senators could balk at the provision for the same reasons. The new bill provides an additional $70 billion to help stabilize the individual insurance market on top of the $112 billion in the original bill to help insurers slow growth in premium costs and help lower-income insurance holders cover out-of-pocket medical expenses. The bill would phase out the Obamacare expansion of the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and disabled, and includes sharp cuts to federal Medicaid spending beginning in 2025. Moderate Republicans were spurned in their desire to see a reduction in Medicaid cuts in the revised version. Critics said despite some changes to coax wavering senators, the revised bill’s core remains unchanged: restructuring and cutting the critical Medicaid social safety-net program, taking away insurance from millions of Americans and driving up healthcare costs for millions of the most vulnerable Americans, especially older people and the sick. The revamped bill contains a provision that appears to be aimed at winning over Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, a moderate who had opposed the original bill. It would funnel additional money to states that have higher insurance premiums – at least 75 percent above the national average. Alaska is the only state with premiums that high, Senate aides said. Hospital and insurer groups have spoken out against the Senate Republican approach, particularly proposed Medicaid cuts. The cuts would result in lower revenues for hospital companies like Community Health Systems Inc and Medicaid insurance specialists like Molina Healthcare and Centene Corp.  Molina Healthcare, which has more than 1 million customers on the Obamacare individual exchanges and manages Medicaid health programs, said the changes would leave insurers competing for the least risky customers and would make plans for sick people unaffordable.  The American Hospital Association said the new version of the bill retained the “unacceptable flaws” of the previous version. “Instead of merely putting forth an update, we again call on the Senate to put forth an upgrade,” Rick Pollack, president of the association, said in a statement. Healthcare stocks were mostly unmoved by the announcement, as Wall Street analysts described the core of the revised bill as largely unchanged from the earlier one. The new bill includes another $45 billion for fighting the opioid addiction epidemic, on top of the $2 billion in the earlier version. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which forecast that the previous version would have increased the number of Americans without health insurance by 22 million by 2026, is due to evaluate the new bill in coming days. The Affordable Care Act, dubbed Obamacare, expanded health insurance coverage to some 20 million people, in large part by expanding Medicaid. The House of Representatives on May 4 passed its own version of healthcare legislation. Republicans have a 52-48 Senate majority, with Vice President Mike Pence able to cast a potential tie-breaking vote. Any bill passed by the Senate would have to go back to the House for approval. Repealing and replacing Obamacare, which Republicans fault as a costly government intrusion into the healthcare system, was a top campaign promise for Trump, who was monitoring the Senate developments during his visit to Paris. “I’d say the only thing more difficult than peace between Israel and the Palestinians is healthcare,” Trump told reporters on his flight to Paris. (Corrects 20th paragraph to show the bill applies to states with premiums at least 75 percent above the national average, not 75 percent of the national average) ",1
2762,Trump to get a range of options to curb steel imports: senators,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday he will present to President Donald Trump a range of options to restrict  steel imports on national security grounds, according to senators who met with Ross. Senator Sherrod Brown said that Ross “pretty much committed” to announcing these options next week as part of Commerce’s review of whether steel imports are threatening U.S. national security under a 1962 trade law. But Ross, speaking to reporters following a closed-door meeting with Senate Finance Committee members, declined to put a time frame on the review’s release. “It’ll come out when it’s ready to come out,” he said. The 79-year-old former steel industry magnate said he spoke to senators about the broad outlines of the “Section 232” probe, including its legal basis and objectives, “the potential tools for accomplishing those objectives, what are the risks involved in the process.” Ross did not provide any details on specific recommendations to Trump, saying the purpose of the meeting was to provide senators “with some background within which they can judge their reaction to the report when it comes out.” Trump told reporters on his flight to France that he was considering both tariffs and quotas to stop foreign countries from dumping steel into the U.S. market and “destroying” the U.S. steel industry. The release of his remarks sent steel stocks soaring on Thursday. “The options are everything,” said Brown, a Democrat from a major steel-producing state. “I pushed him to move quickly on this. I want it to be strong. I want it to be long lasting, and I want it to address the overhanging issue of Chinese steel overcapacity.” While steelmakers and workers argue that protections are needed to put the industry on a healthy footing, steel users say that import curbs would raise steel prices, putting them at a disadvantage to foreign competitors. Senator Ron Wyden, the Finance Committee’s top Democrat, said some members tried to convey to Ross that using the Cold War-era trade law to restrict imports of steel on defense grounds was “not an enduring solution” to the steel production glut.   “The secretary feels confident that his approach is going to make all sides happy in the steel industry,” Wyden said.     In 2001, Commerce investigated the national security impact of iron ore and semifinished steel imports but recommended no action. ",1
2763,Trump to nominate attorney Kevin McIntyre to chair FERC: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate attorney Kevin McIntyre to be chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the White House said on Thursday. McIntyre, an attorney with the Jones Day firm, would need to be confirmed by the Senate. FERC regulates interstate transmission of electricity, natural gas and crude oil. ",1
2764,Former President Carter hospitalized over dehydration in Canada,"WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter was receiving hospital care on Thursday after becoming dehydrated at a charity house-building project in Canada, but he is doing “OK,” Habitat for Humanity said. Carter, 92, became unsteady at the construction site and slumped away from his work area to a chair, according to eyewitnesses, who said he was working for more than an hour on steps of the home, using a drill. Several workers helped him to sit, and he was later taken away by ambulance. His medical issue resulted from dehydration, the Carter Center said in a statement. He had been working on a building project with Habitat for Humanity, a charitable organization promoting affordable home ownership. Carter was taken to St. Boniface General Hospital for treatment, according to the Carter Center, which is based in Atlanta. “President Carter told us he is OK and is being taken offsite for observation,” Habitat said in a statement, noting he had been working in the hot sun. “He encourages everyone to stay hydrated and keep building.” Carter, a Democrat who served in the White House from January 1977 to January 1981, received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002 for his humanitarian work.     Carter, whose family had a history of cancer, disclosed in August 2015 that he had been diagnosed with melanoma, a form of skin cancer, that had spread to his brain and elsewhere and had been spotted during liver surgery. But by December of that year Carter told his church that his latest brain scan showed no sign of the disease. The peanut farmer from Georgia has lived longer after his term in office than any other president in U.S. history. Through his work on global issues, he became widely regarded as a better former president than he was a president, having left office profoundly unpopular. In Canada, Carter had been volunteering with a project to build 150 homes with Habitat for Humanity in honor of the country’s 150th birthday. The organization noted that Carter had requested that others involved with the effort continue their work for the day. Carter and his wife, Rosalynn Carter, have traveled around the world working with Habitat since 1984, according to the organization. She was with him at the hospital, the Carter Foundation said. ",1
2765,For women at the U.S. Congress: the right to bare arms?,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After an internet-fueled furor over rules barring women in sleeveless attire, U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan pledged on Thursday that House officials would review and perhaps modernize the chamber’s dress code. Ryan made his announcement a week after a CBS News report about the long-standing rules went viral on social media. It prompted a slew of reports, including some falsely accusing Ryan of unfairly targeting women, especially given Washington’s notoriously hot summers. The current dress code has been in place for years, including under Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat who was the only woman to serve as House Speaker, from 2007-11. “This is nothing new and certainly not something that I devised,” Ryan said at a news conference. “At the same time, that doesn’t mean that enforcement couldn’t stand to be a bit modernized.” The dress code requires men to wear suit jackets and ties in the House chamber and speaker’s lobby, which is just outside it, and women are not supposed to wear sleeveless tops or dresses without a sweater or jacket. Neither men nor women are allowed to wear open or athletic footwear. Ryan made clear that all of those standards would not go away. “Decorum is important, especially for this institution,” he said. “And a dress code in the chamber, in the lobby makes sense. But we also don’t need to bar otherwise accepted contemporary business attire. So look for a change on that soon.” Amid a flurry of news articles, women House members jumped into the fray. Democratic Representative Jackie Speier circulated a flyer urging women lawmakers to wear sleeveless dresses on “Sleeveless Friday” on July 14, with a photo on the Capitol steps after the day’s first vote. Republican Representative Martha McSally noted she was wearing an outfit that violated the code as she ended a speech in the House chamber on Wednesday. “I want to point out that I’m standing here in my professional attire, which happens to be a sleeveless dress and open-toed shoes,” McSally said. It was not McSally’s first brush with dress codes. In 2001 when she was an Air Force fighter pilot, McSally sued then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the military’s policy of requiring military women in Saudi Arabia to wear a head-to-toe “abaya” when off base. Pelosi took to social media to welcome Ryan’s statement.  “These unwritten rules are in desperate need of updates,” she said on Twitter. ",1
2766,House Speaker Ryan urges Trump son to testify in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday urged President Donald Trump’s eldest son to testify to a congressional committee about alleged links between Trump’s team and Russia in the 2016 presidential election campaign. “I think any witness who’s been asked to testify in Congress should do that,” Ryan said at a news conference.     Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, a Republican, plans to send a letter on Thursday to Donald Trump Jr. to ask him to testify before his committee in a public session, CNN reported.  If he appeared before the panel, Trump’s son would be the highest member of the Republican president’s inner circle of relatives and White House aides to testify in Congress about the Russia allegations. Accusations that Moscow interfered in the election and  colluded with the Trump campaign have dominated Trump’s first months in office. Russia denies meddling in the campaign, and Trump says there was no collusion. Trump Jr. disclosed this week that he had met with a Russian lawyer last year who was said to be offering damaging information on Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Trump Jr. eagerly agreed to meet the lawyer, who he was told was part of Moscow’s official support for his father’s campaign, according to emails the son released this week. The emails were the most concrete evidence that Trump’s campaign might have been willing to accept Russian help to win the election, a subject that has prompted investigations by the U.S. Justice Department and Congress.     Trump said in Paris on Thursday that the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was a private attorney and not a Russian government lawyer, and that nothing of substance came of the meeting. “My son is a wonderful young man. He took a meeting with a Russian lawyer, not a government lawyer but a Russian lawyer. It was a short meeting. It was a meeting that went very, very quickly, very fast,” he said at a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron. U.S intelligence agencies said earlier this year that Russia sought to help Trump win the election by hacking private emails from Democratic Party officials and disseminating false information online. ",1
2767,Trump says wall may not need to cover entire U.S.-Mexico border,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said the wall he wants to build on the 2,000-mile (3,200-km) U.S.-Mexico frontier may not need to cover the entire border because of existing natural barriers, according to remarks released by the White House on Thursday. On a flight to Paris from Washington, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One: “You have mountains. You have some rivers that are violent and vicious. You have some areas that are so far away that you don’t really have people crossing. “But you’ll need anywhere from 700 to 900 miles.” Trump also told reporters on the plane it was important that border agents and others should be able to see through the wall so they could be aware of oncoming dangers. “As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don’t see them. They hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff? It’s over,” Trump said.   One of Trump’s major 2016 campaign promises was to build a border wall to fight illegal immigration. His vow that Mexico would pay for the wall, which the Mexican government has insisted it will not do, has strained relations between the two neighbors. Trump has since said he will find a way for Mexico to repay the United States for construction of the wall but that Congress would need to fund it first. But almost six months into his presidency, he has so far asked Congress for only $1.6 billion for a project estimated to cost more than $20 billion. The border, which stretches across four U.S. states, already has 600 miles (965 km) of barriers, including fences and walls. Republicans on the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee introduced a bill on Tuesday that funded the $1.6 billion request, but Senate Democrats are likely to oppose it. ",1
2768,House panel to interview former Trump adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michael Caputo, who was an adviser to President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, said on Thursday he would testify on Friday to a U.S. House of Representatives committee investigating possible Russian involvement in the 2016 election. Caputo, a political consultant, issued a statement saying he would testify on Friday at a closed meeting of the House Intelligence Committee. The committee does not comment on people it plans to interview or when. Caputo resigned from the Trump campaign last year after writing: “Ding Dong the witch is dead!” on Twitter after Trump fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in June 2016. ",1
2769,Sessions releases heavily redacted record of foreign contacts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday released a government form dealing with contacts he has had with foreign nationals, including Russian government officials, but much of it was redacted. Form SF-86, required for government employees working in national security, indicated Sessions has had no immediate contact with any foreign government or its representatives in the past seven years. However, Sessions has said he met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in the run-up to the 2016 U.S. presidential election. A large portion of the document was left blank. “As a United States Senator, the Attorney General met hundreds, if not thousands, of foreign dignitaries and their staff. In filling out the SF-86 form, the Attorney General’s staff consulted with those familiar with the process, as well as the FBI investigator handling the background check, and was instructed not to list meetings with foreign dignitaries and their staff connected with his Senate activities,” said Justice Department spokesman Ian Prior. Sessions released the form in response to a lawsuit filed by American Oversight, a group that advocates for government transparency and sued DOJ in April after the extent of Sessions’ contact with the Russian government was called into question.  Austin Evers, executive director of American Oversight, said the form was evidence that Sessions lied to the FBI investigators overseeing his security clearance. “Jeff Sessions is our nation’s top law enforcement officer, and it is shocking one of his first acts after being named Attorney General was to lie to the FBI on an issue of national security,” Evers said.  Sessions recused himself from the federal investigation into Russian meddling in the election after media reports revealed he held undisclosed meetings with Kislyak. Sessions admitted to having the interactions, but said they were held in his capacity as a U.S. senator, a position he occupied for 20 years before becoming attorney general.  Former FBI Director James Comey, whom Trump fired in May, testified that his agency had information on Sessions that would lead them to believe his continued involvement in the federal probe would be “problematic.” It was later reported that Sessions had another undisclosed interaction with Kislyak at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington in April 2016. Sessions told the Senate Intelligence Committee that he had no recollection of the interaction.  Special Counsel Robert Mueller, a former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is now leading the investigation into Russian meddling in the election.  Read the full document tmsnrt.rs/2ueV9Ct ",1
2770,U.S. lawmakers fight White House transportation budget cut plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House plan to cut transportation spending, privatize air traffic control and scrap long-distance train service is facing strong resistance in Congress . In May, the Trump administration proposed cutting discretionary U.S. Transportation Department spending by 12.7 percent, or $2.4 billion to $16.2 billion.         A House of Representatives Appropriations Committee panel this week approved $17.8 billion in discretionary spending, $1.5 billion above the White House request.         On Thursday, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao addressed a U.S. Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing. Senator Susan Collins, a Republican who chairs the panel, said she was disappointed in many proposed cuts. The House panel rejected a White House plan to end subsidies for Amtrak to operate long-distance train service, which would have cut $630 million of $1.4 billion in annual government support for passenger rail service. The panel also rejected a plan to eliminate $150 million in annual subsidies for commercial air service to rural airports. Many lawmakers also opposed the administration’s proposal to privatize the air traffic control system. In June, the Senate Commerce Committee approved proposed changes in Federal Aviation Administration policies. But unlike a House panel, it did not back spinning off air traffic control. The House will vote on the privatization plan as soon as next week. President Donald Trump says the move would modernize air traffic control and lower flying costs. The proposal has drawn fire from private plane owners and rural airports. Critics say it would hand control of an important service to special interests and big airlines. Chao said the administration is working to address general aviation concerns. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O), United Airlines (UAL.N) and Southwest Airlines Co (LUV.N) back the proposal. The Trump budget plan would cut $206 billion in infrastructure spending over 10 years, including $96 billion in planned highway trust fund spending. At the same time, the White House is proposing $200 billion in government funding over 10 years as part of a goal of getting $1 trillion in public and private infrastructure spending and plans to unveil details this fall. Chao acknowledged Thursday the highway trust funds must be made up and said the administration is studying other options including a mileage tax. Asked if Trump is considering a gasoline tax hike, Chao said: “Nothing is off the table.”  A House panel also rejected this week the Trump administration plan to raise airline passenger security fees by $1 to $6.60 per one-way trip, which would generate $530 million for the Transportation Safety Administration. ",1
2771,"Republican Scalise undergoes surgery, in fair condition: hospital","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Steve Scalise, shot at a congressional baseball practice last month, underwent surgery on Thursday to treat an infection, a hospital statement said. The hospital said the deep tissue infection was related to bullet wounds. Scalise was in “fair condition, and will require careful monitoring to see if and when further interventions are necessary,” according to a statement from MedStar Washington Hospital Center. Scalise, the No. 3 Republican leader in the U.S. House of Representatives, was shot on June 14 during practice for a charity baseball game in suburban Washington.  ",1
2772,"Factbox: Senate healthcare bill would slash Medicaid, keep taxes on wealthy","(Reuters) - Senate Republican leaders released an updated version of their healthcare bill on Thursday that would dismantle Obamacare after an attempt to bring an earlier version of the legislation to a vote fell apart amid an intraparty revolt. The new version of the bill did little to assuage concerns of moderate Republicans, who worried that its deep cuts to Medicaid would harm their most vulnerable residents. Two Republican senators said they would not even vote to open debate on the bill. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can only afford to lose two of his party’s 52 Republicans, with Vice President Mike Pence ready to cast a tie-breaking vote. The Senate added a number of changes to the bill in an attempt to win more support. Here are the main provisions of the new version of the bill:  The bill contains an amendment from conservative Republican Senator Ted Cruz that would allow insurers to sell stripped-down, low-cost insurance plans that do not comply with Obamacare’s requirement that insurers cover a set of 10 essential health benefits. Those benefits include maternity and newborn care, mental health services and addiction treatment, outpatient care, hospitalization, emergency room visits and prescription drugs.  Insurers are strongly opposed to the amendment, which they say would raise insurance premiums for sick people, destabilize the individual insurance market and undermine protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions. Senior Republican Senate aides said the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) would assess a version of the legislation with the amendment, and one without it. The bill retains two key taxes on the wealthy created by Obamacare to help pay for other provisions in the legislation. It keeps a 3.8 percent net investment income surtax for individuals earning more than $200,000 and couples earning more than $250,000, and a 0.9 percent surtax for the Medicare insurance program for the elderly on people with those incomes. It also keeps Obamacare’s limits on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry. Those earning between zero and 350 percent of the federal poverty level are eligible for tax credits under the proposal, but the credits are generally less generous than those provided under Obamacare. Under Obamacare, those earning between 100 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level are eligible for tax credits.  As with the earlier version, the bill repeals several Obamacare taxes, including on the pharmaceutical, medical device and health insurance industries. It also repeals a fine on individuals who do not purchase health insurance, as well as a penalty on employers who do not provide health insurance. The bill leaves in place an overhaul of the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor. Moderate Republicans had been hoping the updated version would soften the cuts, which they said would devastate their most vulnerable residents.  The bill unwinds Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion over three years, from 2021 to 2024. But it goes beyond repealing Obamacare by imposing drastic cuts to Medicaid that deepen in 2025. The CBO estimated the bill would cut Medicaid by nearly $800 billion by 2026, and would cut Medicaid 35 percent come 2036.  The bill contains an additional $45 billion for the opioid epidemic that has devastated parts of the United States, including West Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania. That is on top of the $2 billion included in the previous version of the bill.  The legislation also contains an additional $70 billion beyond the $112 billion in the earlier version for states to help insurers keep down rising insurance premiums and help lower-income insurance holders cover out-of-pocket medical expenses.  ",1
2773,Exclusive: Trump says he does not fault son for meeting Russian lawyer,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he did not fault his son Donald Trump Jr. for meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign and that he was unaware of the meeting until a few days ago. Asked if he knew that his son was meeting with lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June last year, the president told Reuters in a White House interview: “No, that I didn’t know until a couple of days ago when I heard about this.” (Transcript highlights: reut.rs/2sRVuHc) Trump Jr. eagerly agreed to meet the woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father’s campaign, according to emails the son released on Tuesday. Seated at his Oval Office desk, Trump said he did not fault his son for holding the meeting, writing it off as a decision made in the heat of an upstart, non-traditional campaign. “I think many people would have held that meeting,” Trump said.  “It was a 20-minute meeting, I guess, from what I’m hearing,” Trump said. “Many people, and many political pros, said everybody would do that.” The emails were the most concrete evidence that Trump campaign officials might have been willing to accept Russian help to win the Nov. 8 election, a subject that has cast a cloud over Trump’s presidency and prompted investigations by the U.S. Justice Department and Congress. Donald Trump Jr., in an interview with Fox News on Tuesday, said: “In retrospect, I probably would have done things a little differently.” In the White House interview, the president said he directly asked Russian President Vladimir Putin if he was involved in what U.S. intelligence says was Russian meddling in the presidential campaign and that Putin had insisted he was not. Trump said he spent the first 20 or 25 minutes of his more than two-hour meeting with Putin last Friday in Germany on the election meddling subject. “I said, ‘Did you do it?’ And he said, ‘No, I did not. Absolutely not.’ I then asked him a second time in a totally different way. He said absolutely not,” Trump said. Asked if he believed Putin’s denial, Trump paused. “Look. Something happened and we have to find out what it is, because we can’t allow a thing like that to happen to our election process. So something happened and we have to find out what it is,” he said. About Putin, he added: “Somebody did say if he did do it, you wouldn’t have found out about it. Which is a very interesting point.” While U.S. intelligence agencies and even members of Trump’s Cabinet have said Russia meddled in the election, Trump has wavered on the subject, at times suggesting that other actors might have been involved. Trump equivocated on whether he felt he could trust Putin. He said Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping both look out for their countries’ interests, as he looks out for U.S. interests. “I am not a person who goes around trusting lots of people. But he’s the leader of Russia. It is the second most powerful nuclear power on earth. I am the leader of the United States. I love my country. He loves his country,” Trump said. As in the past, Trump said there was no collusion between his campaign and Russia. “There was zero coordination. It’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard,” he said. The Republican president said Democrats had used the accusations to justify Clinton’s loss in November, saying: “The White House is functioning beautifully despite the hoax made up by the Democrats.” Although he and Putin were able to forge a ceasefire agreement in part of Syria, Trump said their interests collided over other issues. He said his U.S. military buildup and drive to increase U.S. energy production were in direct conflict with Putin, whose nation is dependent on energy exports. Their differences made him wonder whether Putin really had supported him last year, as many news reports have suggested. “It’s really the one question I wish I would have asked Putin: Were you actually supporting me?” ",1
2774,Highlights of Reuters interview with Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Here are highlights of the Reuters Oval Office interview with U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday. ON WHETHER HE WAS AWARE HIS SON DONALD TRUMP JR. WAS MEETING WITH A RUSSIAN LAWYER “No. That I didn’t know. Until a couple of days ago, when I heard about this. No I didn’t know about that.” ON WHETHER HE WISHED HE HAD KNOWN HIS SON WAS HAVING THE MEETING “Look - that campaign ... I actually always thought I’d win, to be honest with you, because I’ve been winning my whole life, to be honest with you, but we started a campaign as a non-politician, and many people were skeptical. Some weren’t, some people who know me weren’t ... but many were skeptical. And it was a wild time. And we would meet with many people.” “That same meeting: a person comes in, sits, leaves, quickly. It was a 20-minute meeting, I guess, from what I’m hearing. Many people, and many political pros, said everybody would do that. If you got a call and said, ‘Listen I have information on Hillary and the DNC,’ or whatever it was they said, most people are going to take that meeting, I think.” “I think many people would have held that meeting.” “And you have to understand, when that took place, this was before Russia fever. There was no Russia fever back then, that was at the beginning of the campaign, more or less. There was no Russia fever.” “Most of the phony politicians who are Democrats who I watched over the last couple of days – most of those phonies that act holier-than-thou, if the same thing happened to them, they would have taken that meeting in a heartbeat.” “First question - first 20, 25 minutes - I said, ‘Did you do it?’ He said, ‘No, I did not, absolutely not.’ I then asked him a second time, in a totally different way. He said, ‘Absolutely not.’” “Somebody did say if he did do it, you wouldn’t have found out about it. Which is a very interesting point.” “Look: Something happened and we have to find out what it is, because we can’t allow a thing like that to happen to our election process. So something happened, and we have to find out what it is.” “We have to find out and get to the bottom of what’s going on, because we can’t have even the slightest suspicion about our election process.” “Now, everybody agrees that there was no impact on the votes in this election, which is very important to say, but we have to make sure that nothing could ever happen to our election process.” “Do I feel I can trust anybody, OK? I’m a very suspicious person. I am not a person that goes around trusting lots of people. But he’s the leader of Russia. It is the second most powerful nuclear power on earth. I am the leader of the United States. I love my country. He loves his country. He’s for Russia. President Xi – I had a long meeting with him too, 2-1/2 hours, great relationship. He’s for China, I’m for the United States. They’re for their countries. But I do things the way I do things, and it’s just worked out.” “But we had a very productive meeting. Including the fact that I think we have a good shot at piece by piece getting Syria to stop fighting. Ultimately Ukraine. And other things, including the destruction of terrorists as we know them.” “So I’m sitting with Putin, and we had a very good - we were there two hours and 15 minutes - we had a very good meeting. One of the things brought up was a ceasefire. I said, ‘We’ve got to solve this problem in Syria. And Ukraine by the way.’ And what happened is we sat down and we worked out a ceasefire, which is by the way, as of 20 minutes ago, totally holding, and that’s four days. Four days doesn’t sound like a lot, but they’ve never had a ceasefire that lasted at all. That’s because Putin told them, as opposed to somebody that nobody ever heard of. Putin and I agreed to it, and we have a four-day ceasefire. That means many lives have already been saved because of four days. But it’s going to go on for a while, and things are going to go better.” “I was very tough with President Putin. We have a very important relationship. It’s going to be a relationship where lots of lives could be saved, like as an example with the ceasefire, which nobody else could have gotten but me.” “I campaigned on strong military, strong borders, and low oil prices.” “Look what I’ve done – oil prices have been driven down. We’re sending LNG to Poland, massive shipments to Poland. That’s not what Putin wants. And for the military, we’ve got $56 billion more of equipment than anybody ever thought of, in the last budget. Putin doesn’t want that – so why would Putin want me?” “It’s really the one question I wish I would have asked Putin: Were you actually supporting me?” “I’m very big on energy, and that’s not good for Russia, because Russia makes its money with energy. That drives the price of energy down. I also am very strong on the military, very, very strong on the military. I’m also very strong on cyber.” “I would bet that inwardly Putin would have been against me.” “The mood in the White House is fantastic.” “We have done more in five months than practically any president in history.” “If you look at Iraq and if you look at Syria and you see the progress we’ve made with ISIS, it’s been almost complete.” “The White House is functioning beautifully. The stock market has hit a new high. Job numbers are the best they’ve been in 16 years. We have a Supreme Court judge already confirmed. Energy is doing levels that we’ve never done before. Our military is doing well. We’re knocking the hell out of ISIS, which Obama wasn’t. There’s not a thing that we’re not doing well in. The White House is functioning beautifully, despite the hoax made up by the Democrats.” “The problem is, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t do anything. This isn’t a question of defense. I didn’t do anything. I had no relationship to Russia. So I said, what can the legal team do?” “The only frustration is that this Russia story is a hoax made up by the Democrats as an excuse for losing an election that they should have won because it’s almost impossible for a Republican to win the Electoral College.” “There was zero coordination. It’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. There’s no coordination, this was a hoax, this was made up by the Democrats.” “This is the greatest con job in history, where a party sits down the day after they got their ass kicked, and they say, ‘Huh, what’s our excuse?’” “It just continues and continues, and honestly it’s a disgrace, and it’s very bad for our country. And the Russians must be laughing, because this narrative is so bad for us as a country.”     ",1
2775,U.S. agency that could challenge Trump Jr. stalled by partisan politics,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. agency that could bring civil charges against Donald Trump, Jr. if it found he violated campaign finance laws by meeting with a Russian who purportedly had damaging information on Hillary Clinton is often gridlocked by partisan politics and can take years to mete out punishment, legal experts said on Wednesday.  Some Democratic lawmakers want the Federal Election Commission to charge Trump Jr. based on emails in which he eagerly agreed to meet with a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer with damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Clinton.  They argue that his enthusiasm was akin to seeking something of “value” from a foreigner, which is prohibited under U.S. campaign laws.  Democrat U.S. Representative Grace Meng wrote to the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday asking it to take up a complaint against Trump Jr. that was filed this week by government watchdog group Common Cause.  The group asked the agency to investigate and said there was “a troubling pattern of President Trump, members of his family and key advisors acting as if they are above the law.”      Judith Ingram, a spokeswoman for the Federal Election Committee, said any complaints it received would be handled confidentially and she declined further comment.    Larry Noble, a former general counsel for the Federal Election Commission who now is senior director of the Campaign Legal Center said he thinks complaints about Trump Jr. have merit and that the agency should investigate. Noble said if the commission rejected or ignored the complaints, outside groups could sue it to try to force an investigation.  The Department of Justice could file criminal charges if there was evidence of wrongdoing by Trump Jr., but such decisions would be left to special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating  possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign.     The Federal Election Commission consists of six commissioners, traditionally three Republicans and three Democrats, but vacancies have left just one Democrat, an independent and three Republicans.  To begin an investigation against Trump Jr., four of the commissioners would need to consent. If any of the Republicans declined to consent the group would be gridlocked. Former Federal Election Commission Chair Ann Ravel has been a vocal critic of the agency, writing in a report earlier this year that it was “deadlocked” by partisan division. She cited the agency’s refusal to investigate secretly owned shell corporations contributing millions to political groups known as Super PACS, thereby making it impossible to determine the source of the cash. She noted that in 2006 commissioners were deadlocked in  2.9 percent of substantive votes in Matters Under Review that were closed that year. In 2016, the commissioners deadlocked in 30 percent of all substantive votes taken in such matters. In 2006, she wrote, the Commission assessed more than $5.5 million in civil monetary penalties for Matters Under Review. In 2016, it imposed a total of $595,425 in civil monetary penalties for Matters Under Review.  In an opinion piece for The New York Times in February, she wrote, “What we are left with is an agency mandated to ensure transparency and disclosure that is actually working to keep the public in the dark.” Paul S. Ryan, a lawyer with Common Cause who filed the complaint against Trump Jr., acknowledged that the agency’s enforcement power is “very weak.”     “Our best hope ... is going to be Robert Mueller’s investigation,” he said. ",1
2776,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 12) - Hillary Clinton, Trump Jr., Bastille Day","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad! [0619 EDT] - Remember, when you hear the words “sources say” from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. [0632 EDT] - ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed. [0805 EDT] - @WashTimes states “Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.” [0812 EDT] - Why aren’t the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful! [0927 EDT]  - The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V. [0939 EDT] - ""After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture."" bit.ly/2uiXGI2 [1620 EDT] - Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI. [1835 EDT] - Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA [1906 EDT] - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA bit.ly/2ugaYbl [1912 EDT]  - Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border & save lives. Now the full House & Senate must act 45.wh.gov/5L8g1q [1924 EDT]  - The 3 bills passed today by the House are important steps forward to end the horrific crime of human trafficking: 45.wh.gov/GKbrVi  [1733 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2777,U.S. Senate confirms businessman Hagerty as ambassador to Japan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed private equity executive William Hagerty on Thursday as President Donald Trump’s ambassador to Japan, filling a post considered especially crucial in light of neighboring North Korea’s recent missile tests. The vote was 86 to 12 in the 100-member Senate.  Hagerty, founder of the private equity firm Hagerty Peterson, spent several years in Japan with the Boston Consulting Group and later served in the White House under former President George H.W. Bush. Trump’s choice of Hagerty was taken as a sign of the interest in economic ties to Japan by the Republican president, a real estate developer and reality television star, who had never held public office when he was elected in November. North Korea has been worrying and frustrating neighboring countries and U.S. officials with a series of missile tests, more so since Pyongyang last week test-launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile. Trump has been criticized for being slow to name ambassadors to important U.S. allies like Japan, especially in light of the crisis. There is still no new U.S. ambassador to South Korea. Hagerty succeeds Caroline Kennedy, an attorney and daughter of the late U.S. President John F. Kennedy, who held the position from 2013 until Trump took office in January 2017. ",1
2778,Trump says 'something could happen' on climate accord,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump held the door open to a reversal of his decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord on Thursday, but did not say what he would need in return to persuade him to do so. Trump, who has made few friends in Europe with his rejection of the 2015 Paris agreement and his “America First” trade stance, met with French President Emmanuel Macron as both leaders sought common ground to reset an awkward relationship. “Something could happen with respect to the Paris accords, let’s see what happens,” Trump told a news conference. “If it happens, that will be wonderful, and if it doesn’t, that’ll be OK too.” Trump has said the Paris accord is soft on leading polluters like China and India, putting U.S. industry at risk. “I respect the wish to preserve jobs, I think that’s compatible with the Paris accord,” Macron said at the joint conference. “There is no sudden and unexpected change today, otherwise we would have announced it, but there is the shared intention to continue discussing these issues,” the French president added.  Trump and Macron’s relationship got off to a bumpy start, but both have an incentive to improve relations - Macron hopes to elevate France’s role in global affairs, and Trump, seemingly isolated among world leaders, needs a friend overseas. Trump came to France beset by allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, with emails released on Tuesday suggesting his eldest son welcomed an offer of Russian help against his father’s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Weeks after Macron hosted Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Palace of Versailles, Trump will bask in the trappings of the Bastille Day military parade on Friday and commemorations of the entry 100 years ago of U.S. troops into World War One.  Macron welcomed Trump with a warm handshake and smiles, a contrast to the clenched-jaw greeting they shared at their first encounter in May. “Emmanuel, nice to see you. This is so beautiful,” the U.S. president told Macron as they met at the Hotel des Invalides where Napoleon Bonaparte and other French war heroes are buried. For the 39-year-old Macron, France’s youngest leader since Napoleon two centuries ago, the visit is a chance to use soft diplomacy to win Trump’s confidence and set about influencing U.S. foreign policy, which European leaders say lacks direction. Macron views it as counter-productive to isolate the United States on the world stage, and said he and Trump had asked diplomats to draw up in the coming weeks a concrete initiative aimed at preparing the future of Syria. “On the Iraq-Syria situation, we have agreed to continue working together, in particular on the building of a roadmap for the post-war period,” Macron said. Trump said work was underway to negotiate a ceasefire in a second region of Syria. On Friday, Trump will be guest of honor at France’s July 14 celebrations, a year after a Tunisian man loyal to Islamic State ploughed a truck through revelers on a seafront promenade in Nice, killing more than 80. During the U.S. election campaign, Trump said a wave of militant attacks showed “France is no longer France”, and reprimanded the then-Socialist government for allegedly bowing its head to jihadists. In bringing Trump to Paris, Macron has stolen a march on Britain’s embattled Prime Minister Theresa May. London’s offer of a state visit for Trump met fierce domestic criticism and warnings that he would be greeted by mass protests. An Elabe poll showed that 59 percent of French people approved of Macron’s decision to invite Trump. ",1
2779,Trump Jr. Russia emails prompt new government watchdog complaint,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Government watchdogs filed a complaint against Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort on Thursday with the federal agency that oversees elections, arguing the three violated the law by meeting with a Russian who was offering purportedly damaging information on Hillary Clinton.  The complaint with the Federal Election Commission was signed by Common Cause, the Campaign Legal Center, Democracy 21 and two campaign lawyers involved with those groups. It identified as respondents the Trump campaign and Trump Jr. Common Cause filed a complaint earlier this week with the agency. Thursday’s complaint added three attendees at the meeting: Manafort, who was Trump’s campaign manager at the time, Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law, and Rob Goldstone, who arranged the meeting. The complaint takes advantage of information disclosed in email exchanges with Trump, Jr., son of President Donald Trump, that detailed how and why the meeting in 2016 was arranged.  The Federal Election Commission is the only federal agency that can bring civil charges for violations of the campaign finance law. However, because the panel requires bipartisan agreement to move forward on any actions, critics have expressed concern that the agency was unlikely to take action.  Democrat U.S. Representative Grace Meng wrote to the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday asking it to take up Common Cause’s first complaint against Trump Jr. The organizations said in Thursday’s complaint that the emails provided evidence that Trump Jr. violated the law by asking a foreign national for something of value, which they argue the law would define as “including the fruits of paid research, hacking, or similar investigatory activity.”  “The evidence is clear that Don Jr. knew that the offer of opposition campaign research came from the Russian government, and the law is clear that giving such valuable research for free would have been a contribution to the Trump campaign,” said Brendan Fischer of the Campaign Legal Center. The complaint said that Manafort and Kushner, by attending the meeting knowing the subject matter, are also at fault.   Donald Trump, Jr. and the White House have insisted there was no wrong doing. Democratic lawmakers want the Federal Election Commission to bring civil charges against Donald Trump, Jr., saying the meeting violated the law.  The Department of Justice could bring criminal charges.  ",1
2780,Massive copper mine tests Trump's push to slash regulation,"SUPERIOR, Arizona (Reuters) - Rio Tinto’s proposed Resolution Copper Mine in Arizona would tunnel 7,000 feet underground, where rocks radiate heat from the earth’s molten core. It would suck up enough water to supply a city and leave a crater a mile and a half wide and 1,000 feet deep. Planned for more than a decade, the project would be a prototype for a looming era of more invasive U.S. mines as companies run out of easy-to-reach deposits, geologists say. It is also the project President Donald Trump’s Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, had in mind as he began crafting a “hit list” of regulations that should be killed to speed industrial permitting. “A company shouldn’t have to be hundreds of millions of dollars into risk money without knowing whether there is a real chance it is going to get approved,” Ross told Reuters in a May 9 interview, referring to the mine. The massive project - which would be among the world’s largest copper mines - underscores the dangers of weakening America’s rigorous permitting process at a time mining endeavors are becoming increasingly complex and environmentally risky. And Ross’s citation of Resolution as a poster child for suffocating regulation reflects how far the Trump administration is willing to go to advance economic growth. Sorting out the mine’s potentially negative impacts is anything but simple, and many local residents, along with Native American and environmental groups, say Resolution is exactly the kind of development that cries out for intense public scrutiny - no matter how long it takes. “The companies have to mitigate their risks - mitigate what people are losing,” said Mila Besich-Lira, the mayor of Superior, the town closest to the project. A federal government review of the project has drawn about 130,000 comments from concerned constituents - more than 10 times the number who gave input on the smaller Rosemont Copper Mine nearby. The Resolution mine would also give the region a big economic boost, employing 1,400 people and injecting $20 billion into public coffers, Rio Tinto (RIO.L) estimates. It could supply the United States with a quarter of its copper, putting this small town at the epicenter of the global metals market. Trump has vowed sweep away regulations he says cost America trillions of dollars with no public benefit. The regulatory review by Ross, due for release as soon as this month, is one of several parallel efforts to slash red tape. Trump has also started dismantling Obama-era climate change regulations through executive orders, for example, and directed agencies to kill two rules for every one they create. In the meantime, Congress could set the tone. A Republican bill introduced early this year - and supported by Rio Tinto - would set a two-and-a-half-year deadline on mine permitting, a standard similar to that seen in Australia and Canada.  Rio Tinto - along with the Australian mining company BHP Billiton (BLT.L), which owns a 45 percent stake in Resolution - says it has spent 16 years and $1.3 billion on the project, including a decade acquiring acreage in the Tonto National Forest overlying the copper deposit. It is now four years into the federal regulatory review to approve new mines, a process that can take seven to 10 years. Victoria Peacey, a senior manager for environmental permitting at Rio Tinto, said the mine up probably won’t begin operating for another decade. Rio Tinto acknowledges the vast scope and sensitivity of its plans. “There are mines this deep; there are mines this hot; and there are mines this big; but there are no other mines this deep, this hot and this big all together,” said Carl Hehnke, a geologist for Resolution. Resolution will take copper from a zone where temperatures run 180 degrees Fahrenheit. With help from remotely controlled machines, miners will set off explosions to shatter sections of the deposit.  The ore will be milled with a combination of sulfuric acid and as much as 6.5 billion gallons of water a year - enough to supply more than half the homes in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe. It would eventually render more than 2,400 acres of what is now the Tonto National Forest off limits to visitors.  Under the forest, in a process called “block cave mining,” Rio Tinto will excavate material from underground, making the material above sink and creating the expected one-and-a-half-mile-wide crater.  That area will include a site considered sacred to the San Carlos Apache Tribe, which has been holding annual protests against the project. If Resolution’s copper deposit had been discovered under private land – and not a national forest – Rio Tinto might have been spared the federal review and faced only state regulators. Instead, the U.S. Forest Service is leading the study, which will consider jobs, recreation, public health and wildlife. Despite its substantial economic benefits to the nearby town of Superior, where many homes and businesses are boarded up, residents still have their concerns. “What am I going to tell my great-grandkids - how this place was totally destroyed?” said Anna Jeffries, a Superior resident, during an April 2016 public meeting with Forest Service officials at Superior High School.  Mining industry lobbyists counter that they are only seeking an efficient and reasonable approval process. “We are not talking in any way, shape or form about any environmental rollbacks here,” said Katie Sweeney, general counsel for the National Mining Association, a trade group. “We’re talking about bureaucracy.” The NMA wants to see deadlines for permitting, along with rules requiring agencies to conduct studies simultaneously rather than consecutively. The NMA and Rio Tinto back the bill - introduced in January by Republican Congressman Mark Amodei of Nevada - that would give regulators the two-and-a-half year deadline to approve or reject mining projects. Mining companies in Canada and Australia applaud similar time limits in those countries, but a May 2016 report by a government watchdog in the Canadian province of British Columbia found Canada’s mine regulation had “major gaps in resources, planning and tools” that led to “inadequate” inspections and “increasing environmental risks.” Commerce Secretary Ross told Reuters in a June 23 phone message he believed the U.S. Forest Service was doing “a good job in terms of Rio Tinto.” But he added, “The rest of the process has been so abysmal that Rio Tinto actually testified before the U.S. Congress [about] how bad the process was.” Ross and his spokesman did not respond to additional questions seeking examples of problems that occurred between Resolution and permit-issuing agencies. But his office said he was referring to Congressional testimony given by Rio Tinto’s Managing Director for Copper and Diamonds, Nigel Steward, in March. Steward called the U.S. permitting process “inefficient” and said it “presents a major barrier to the domestic sector’s ability to perform to its full potential.” Rio Tinto is advocating for more certainty in permitting timelines and improved coordination among agencies involved - along with more money for agencies “to ensure that experienced and highly skilled people are devoted to complex technical aspects of permitting,” said Todd Malan, Rio Tinto’s vice president for external affairs and communications for the Americas. While the company supports permitting deadlines, at least one Rio Tinto official acknowledges that it would be hard to address the issues raised by the Resolution mine in less than years. “I’m not necessarily saying time frames would not be helpful, but three years? ... That’s a tight time frame,” said Peacey. While uncertain permitting timeframes raise financial risks for Rio Tinto, she said, the sometimes lengthy process also protects the public. “Those are people’s rights,” she said. (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped word “to” in paragraph 9)  ",1
2781,Republican Grassley to ask Trump Jr to testify to Senate panel: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, a Republican, planned to send a letter on Thursday to Donald Trump Jr to ask him to testify before his committee in a public session, CNN reported.  Trump Jr, son of Republican President Donald Trump,  disclosed this week that he had a meeting with a Russia lawyer who sought to provide damaging information on Democratic rival Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign. ",1
2782,Senate Republican leaders release revised version of healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leaders released a new draft of their healthcare bill on Thursday that retains key taxes on the wealthy and allows insurers to offer plans that do not comply with Obamacare regulations that mandate they cover certain health services.  The bill also keeps Obamacare’s limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry, includes an additional $45 billion for the opioid epidemic and includes an additional $70 billion to help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses. It also left the Medicaid overhaul in the initial bill largely unchanged, which drew opposition from moderate Republicans concerned it would throw many of their most vulnerable residents off their health insurance.  ",1
2783,U.S. House will delay break if Senate passes health bill: House speaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said he would delay his chamber’s August break in order to push forward final healthcare overhaul legislation if the Senate succeeds in passing their version before the scheduled summer recess. Senate Leader Mitch McConnell has already said he plans to delay senators typical month-long recess by two weeks in order to try and pass a bill, and on Thursday released Senate Republican leadership’s latest proposal to unwind Obamacare.  ",1
2784,"Cruz says consumer choice, health savings accounts in Senate bill","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Ted Cruz said on Thursday his proposal for allowing insurance companies to offer policies with less coverage than under Obamacare – if they also offer the higher-quality coverage – will be included in the new Senate healthcare bill. “It is also very significant that the bill includes my amendment to allow individuals to use health savings accounts to pay for premiums. It’s a big deal for lowering premiums, as is the consumer freedom amendment,” Cruz told reporters before  closed meeting of Senate Republicans. Several other Republican senators entered the meeting saying they did not yet know what would be included in the retooled bill. ",1
2785,New Senate healthcare plan keeps Obamacare-era taxes on wealthy: Senate source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The revised U.S. Senate healthcare plan will keep in place two Obamacare taxes on the wealthy and retain its limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry, a Senate source told Reuters on Thursday.  The taxes on the wealthy - a 3.8 percent net investment tax and a 0.9 percent payroll tax that helps finance Medicare - apply to individuals with incomes above $200,000 and married couples making more than $250,000.  ",1
2786,Kid Rock hints online he will run for U.S. Senate,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Recording star Kid Rock, an outspoken supporter of Republican President Donald Trump, hinted in website and social media messages on Wednesday that he intends to run for the U.S. Senate in 2018, promising a “major announcement” to come soon. The 46-year-old Michigan native drew attention on Twitter and his Facebook page to a “Kid Rock ‘18 for U.S. Senate” website. It featured a photo of the goateed singer-songwriter wearing a leather jacket, dark glasses and white fedora, seated in a plush, star-spangled chair beside a stuffed deer above the tagline: “Are you scared?” The site also displays images of a T-shirt, baseball cap and bumper sticker emblazoned with the campaign logo, “Kid Rock for US Senate” and a box of alternating slogans, including, “In Rock We Trust,” “Party to the People” and “You Never Met a Politician Quite Like Me.” “I have a ton of emails and texts asking me if this website is real ... The answer is an absolute YES,” he said on his verified Twitter account. “Stay tuned, I will have a major announcement in the near future.” Reached by email, the musician’s spokesman, Kirt Webster, referred only to Rock’s Facebook page, which bore the same message. His music label, Warner Bros Records, also posted a website offering sales of Kid Rock for U.S. Senate merchandise. Born Robert James Ritchie in the Detroit suburb of Romeo, Michigan, he rose to fame in 1998 as his debut album “Devil Without a Cause” sold some 14 million copies. He gained additional celebrity through his courtship of actress Pamela Anderson and their brief marriage in the 2000s. While no mention was made in Wednesday’s online postings about Rock’s political affiliation or in which state he would run, he presumably would seek to challenge Michigan’s Democratic incumbent senator, Debbie Stabenow, who is up for re-election in 2018. The Capitol Hill-based newspaper Roll Call reported that Rock’s name surfaced as a possible candidate earlier this month during a state Republican Party convention in Michigan, which Trump carried in the 2016 presidential race, though no official decisions were announced. Stabenow seemed to shrug off the prospect of a political challenge from Rock, saying in a Twitter post: “I know we both share a love of music. I concede he’s better at playing guitar and I’ll keep doing what I do best: fighting for Michigan.” According to Roll Call, Rock endorsed Republican Mitt Romney for president in 2012 and initially supported Ben Carson for the Republican nomination in 2016 but switched to Trump when the former reality-TV star became the party’s nominee. Afterward, Rock released a line of pro-Trump merchandise, including a T-shirt that read “God Guns & Trump.”   In April, Kid Rock joined fellow rocker and conservative activist Ted Nugent and former Alaska Governor and onetime Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin for a White House visit and dinner with Trump. Kid Rock would not be the first showbiz figure to make a leap into politics. Besides Trump, he would follow the likes of singer Sonny Bono, who served as a U.S. congressman from California during the 1990s; pro-wrestler and actor Jesse “The Body” Ventura, elected Minnesota governor in 1998; and comedian Al Franken, now serving his second U.S. Senate term from Minnesota. ",1
2787,Conservative groups urge lawmakers to gut climate programs in U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A coalition of 14 conservative groups urged U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday to support an amendment to the House of Representatives’ annual defense bill that would prevent the Pentagon from implementing climate-change and green energy policies meant to save taxpayers money and protect the planet. In a letter to the lawmakers, the groups said many climate programs “are likely to undermine military readiness by diverting scarce resources.” The programs in question were initiated by former President Barack Obama’s 2015 executive order requiring the military to meet green energy and greenhouse gas emissions targets. The conservative groups are trying to gather support for Republican Representative Warren Davidson’s amendment to the House version of the National Defense Authorization Act that would stop the military from implementing the policies. The groups include the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian advocacy group; Americans for Prosperity, a group funded by the conservative Koch brothers; and Americans for Limited Government. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has long been supportive of programs that reduce troops’ petroleum dependence. In written testimony to a Senate panel after his confirmation hearing in January, Mattis said “climate change can be a driver of instability” and is “a challenge that requires a broader, whole-of-government response.” The House bill includes language from Democratic Representative Jim Langevin that would require the Pentagon to report to Congress on military bases that are most vulnerable from rising seas and other effects of climate change. It is uncertain whether Davidson’s or Langevin’s measures would be in the final House bill. The House is due to vote this week on its version of the defense bill and the Senate version will follow later this year.      Myron Ebell, the head of global warming and international environmental policy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, who also led President Donald Trump’s transition team for the Environmental Protection Agency, said in an interview that the Defense Department “needs to concentrate on its core mission and not waste a lot of time with irrelevant distractions that gain them some political cover.”  When asked about Mattis’ position on climate, Ebell said he had heard generals say for years that climate change is a risk and “I’ve never listened to one who seemed to have the slightest clue as to what he was talking about.” The Defense Department, the largest U.S. consumer of energy, is planning to forge ahead with a decade-long effort to convert operations to green energy. ",1
2788,Trump's Fed nominee has history of benefiting from bailouts,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s pick to lead bank supervision at the Federal Reserve benefited from the government bailing out or rescuing two banks during the 2008 financial crisis, but that may not prevent his confirmation by a U.S. Senate controlled by a business-friendly Republican party, policy analysts told Reuters in recent days. Randal Quarles, a former Wall Street lawyer and U.S. Treasury official who now runs an investment firm, was part of a team that invested in troubled or failed banks while he was an executive at private-equity firm Carlyle Group LP (CG.O). Those investments earned hundreds of millions of dollars for Carlyle, profits that would not have been possible without government support. A spokesman for Quarles did not respond to a request for comment. A spokesman for Carlyle declined to comment. Democrats including Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown have said they intend to scrutinize Quarles’ ties to Wall Street during his confirmation hearing. Senator Elizabeth Warren described him as “straight off the Wall Street assembly line” in announcing her opposition in a statement. But both the White House and Congress are controlled by Republicans, who have the ability to approve Trump’s nominees with a simple majority after Senate rules were changed in 2013. Under previous rules, the party in power would have needed at least 60 votes. Quarles is viewed by many policy analysts as a business-friendly pick who benefits from having experience in the federal government and his business ties are unlikely to be viewed by senior senators his Wall Street ties as a handicap.  “Profiting in the markets isn’t a scarlet letter in this Congress,” said Isaac Boltansky, director of policy research at Compass Point Trading & Research LLC, in Washington. Before launching The Cynosure Group in 2014, Quarles was a partner and managing director at Carlyle. While there, he played a key role in making a $75 million investment in Boston Private Financial Holdings Inc (BPFH.O), and was also part of a group that decided to jointly acquire failed lender BankUnited Inc (BKU.N) from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp (FDIC), alongside private equity peers Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), Centerbridge Partners LP and WL Ross & Co, as well as banker John Kanas. Months after Carlyle’s equity infusion, Boston Private received a $150 million bailout from the Treasury Department, which it later repaid. Those taxpayer funds helped the firm weather the financial crisis, and allowed Carlyle to sell off its stake over time for a total of $150 million, effectively doubling its money, according to a Reuters review of share sales the firm disclosed in regulatory filings. The FDIC had absorbed BankUnited’s losses at an estimated cost of $4.9 billion before selling healthier assets to the private equity consortium for $945 million. BankUnited later went public, with Carlyle selling shares worth around $428 million in portions through 2014, according to Reuters’ analysis of its disclosures. The tallies do not account for dividends or other undisclosed costs. Carlyle would not provide precise numbers for returns on those investments. Involvement with taxpayer bailouts helped sink the earlier nomination of General Electric Co (GE.N) executive David Nason for the Federal Reserve supervisory position. Nason withdrew from vetting after Republicans criticized him for having structured the bailout program inside the Treasury Department during the Bush administration. But Wilbur Ross, whose WL Ross & Co was part of the consortium that invested in BankUnited alongside Carlyle, successfully became U.S. Commerce Secretary. Quarles’ history on Wall Street may be a talking point during his confirmation hearings, but it is unlikely to bring down his nomination, lobbyists and financial regulatory lawyers said. “At the end of the day, it’s really a ‘nothingburger,’” said Bob Kurucza, a partner in Goodwin Procter’s financial industry and investment management practice. ",1
2789,Online ads offer legal option for U.S. election meddling,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The laws that prohibit foreign nationals from spending money to influence U.S. elections do not prevent them from lawfully buying some kinds of political ads on Facebook and other online networks, campaign finance lawyers said. The omission of online ads could be a potential hurdle for those investigating alleged Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election, according to the campaign finance lawyers, who are not involved in the probes. Since 1974, the United States has barred foreign nationals from giving money to campaigns and it later barred them from donating to political parties. The laws also prohibit foreign nationals from coordinating with a campaign and from buying an ad that explicitly calls for the election or defeat of a candidate. At issue are laws concerning a category of ads known as “electioneering communications” that address where a candidate stands on an issue, that spread news stories about a candidate or that attack a candidate without directly calling for his or her defeat. Foreign nationals cannot spend money on electioneering communications but the term under U.S. law applies only to communications made by broadcast, cable or satellite - with no mention of the internet. A related law does bar foreign nationals from expressly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate in any advertising medium. But as long as online ads do not call on people to vote for a specific candidate, “they are not prohibited as a campaign finance matter,” said Jan Baran, a Washington lawyer who frequently represents Republican candidates. U.S. Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed in May to investigate alleged Russian interference as well as potential collusion between Moscow and associates of President Donald Trump. The Russian government says it did not meddle and Trump has denied collusion.  Facebook (FB.O), which has become a leading platform for online political ads, has said that it has not found any evidence that Russian agents were buying ads.  Facebook said in April, however, that it had become a battleground for governments seeking to manipulate public opinion in other countries and outlined new measures to combat what it called “information operations.”  Trump’s election campaign spent some $70 million on highly targeted Facebook advertising last year, Brad Parscale, the digital director of the campaign, told Reuters this year. The absence of rules governing online advertising ties the hands of the U.S. Federal Election Commission, said Ann Ravel, a former Democratic appointee to the commission. “The law seems to totally exempt it and therefore it is not possible either to reasonably determine who is behind those ads, do an investigation to find out or penalize for that activity,” Ravel said. Other laws could come into play in an investigation. The U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act restricts publicity paid for by a foreign government such as Russia. ",1
2790,Democrats introduce new bill on Russia and Iran sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives introduced a new version of a Russia and Iran sanctions bill on Wednesday, hoping to send a message to President Donald Trump to maintain a strong line against Moscow. Seeking to force Republican House leaders to allow a vote, Democrats on the House Foreign Affairs Committee introduced legislation unchanged from what passed the Senate by 98-2 on June 15 but has been stalled ever since. While the new bill is identical to what the Senate passed, it will be labeled as House legislation to avoid a procedural issue that prompted House Republican leaders to send the measure back to the Senate. However, there was no sign of support from Trump’s fellow Republicans, who control majorities in both the House and the Senate and control what legislation comes up for a vote. AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, dismissed the Democrats’ action as “grandstanding.” The measure was introduced by House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Representatives Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, and Eliot Engel, the ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Democrats have accused House Republicans of stalling the sanctions package because of Trump administration concern about provisions setting up a process for Congress to approve any  effort by the president to ease sanctions on Russia. Trump’s attempts to mend relations with Russia have been hindered by allegations that Moscow interfered in the 2016 U.S. election and colluded with Trump’s campaign. Russia denies meddling and Trump says there was no collusion.     The issue has become even more heated since emails released Tuesday showed that Donald Trump Jr, the president’s eldest son, eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic rival in the 2016 presidential election. Lawmakers and aides said news of that meeting, and the failure to disclose it, added new urgency to the push to pass the Russia package. “DILLY-DALLYING” House Republican leaders said they had not taken up the original Senate bill because it violated a constitutional requirement that all legislation affecting government revenues originate in the House, known as a “blue slip” issue. Democrats and some Republicans who backed the bill scoffed, saying the problem could have been quickly remedied. “Dilly-dallying around about the blue slip issue was just a ridiculous waste of time. We could have fixed it in five minutes,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters. The Senate changed the bill to address that issue, but also tweaked it in a way that Democrats said weakened a provision requiring Congress to approve any effort by the president to ease sanctions on Russia. The new bill introduced on Wednesday would eliminate that change to allow House Democrats, as well as Republicans, to force a vote on a resolution of disapproval of any effort to ease Russia sanctions. “I don’t believe that having the president’s party in a position to protect him from any oversight is good policy for our country,” Hoyer told reporters. Ryan told a news conference he wants to move a strong bill regarding sanctions on Russia as quickly as possible but that the legislation still faced procedural and policy hurdles. The U.S. energy industry has been lobbying against the bill and some Republican House members, particularly from oil-producing states, have said they might want changes. The Russia sanctions legislation was written as an amendment to a bill imposing new sanctions on Iran over issues including its ballistic missile program. Besides establishing the review process, it puts into law sanctions previously imposed on Moscow via presidential executive order and introduces new sanctions. ",1
2791,"Trump on Putin: 'we get along very, very well' - CBN interview","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday his lengthy meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G20 summit was a good sign and showed the two countries can work together on issues like the ceasefire in Syria where they share interests. In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network, Trump said: “I think we get along very, very well. We are a tremendously powerful nuclear power, and so are they. It doesn’t make sense not to have some kind of relationship.” The U.S. leader also took a dig at his Democratic campaign rival Hillary Clinton, saying Putin would have been much happier with her as president because she wouldn’t have spent as much on the U.S. military as he plans to. ",1
2792,Trump Jr.'s Russia emails could trigger probe under election law,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump Jr.’s meeting with a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who had incriminating information about Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton that could help his father’s presidential campaign could lead investigators to probe whether he violated U.S. election law, experts said.  Trump Jr. met the woman, lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, on June 9, 2016, after an email exchange with an intermediary.  The emails, tweeted by Trump Jr. on Tuesday, could provide material for Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s probe into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 presidential election.  In one of the emails dated June 3, 2016, Trump Jr. wrote: “If it’s what you say I love it.” He released the tweets after the New York Times said it planned to write about their contents and sought his comment. Trump Jr. said in his tweets that nothing came of the meeting. Veselnitskaya told NBC News early on Tuesday she was not affiliated with the Russian government and had passed no information.  “In retrospect, I probably would have done things a little differently,” Trump Jr. said in an interview on Fox News. “For me, this was opposition research.” Collusion itself is not an actual crime under the U.S. criminal code, so prosecutors would look to see if Trump Jr.’s conduct ran afoul of a specific law, legal experts said. Moscow has denied interference in the U.S. election, and President Donald Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia. Alan Futerfas, Trump Jr.’s lawyer, did not respond to a request for comment. A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment.  One law that might come into play is the Federal Election Campaign Act, which makes it illegal for a foreign national to contribute to a U.S. political campaign. The campaign is also prohibited from soliciting such contributions. A contribution does not have to be monetary in nature, according to Paul S. Ryan, an attorney with watchdog group Common Cause. He said incriminating information about Clinton could be considered a contribution under the act. Ryan said Trump Jr.’s “enthusiastic response” to the offer for information and particularly his proposal in his email to have a follow-up call the next week constituted “solicitation.”  “That to me is an indication, a concession by Donald Trump Jr. that he wants and is requesting this information,” Ryan said.  Joshua Douglas, a professor at the University of Kentucky College of Law, said Trump Jr.’s emails made it “more plausible” that there could be a criminal case against him. James Gardner, an election law expert at the University of Buffalo Law School, said the election law was intended to target donations of cash or goods and services. He said he did not believe Trump Jr. would have violated the law if he solicited damaging information about Clinton.  A federal law known as the general conspiracy statute that makes it illegal to conspire to commit a crime against or defraud the United States could also come into play if, for example, Trump Jr. tried to help Russians hack into U.S. computer networks. There was no indication that Trump Jr. did such a thing. Andrew Wright, a professor at Savannah Law School who was  associate counsel in the White House Counsel’s Office under former Democratic President Barack Obama, said he thought Trump Jr.’s agreeing to meet with someone to discuss an illegal act would be enough to trigger a conspiracy charge.  “It’s a very powerful tool,” he said.  ",1
2793,U.S. judge unlikely to remove block on Trump sanctuary city order,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday said he was “very much inclined” to maintain a court order that blocks President Donald Trump’s administration from carrying out a policy designed to threaten federal funds to so-called sanctuary cities. At a hearing in San Francisco federal court, U.S. District Judge William Orrick III said a recent memo from the Justice Department that appeared to narrow the scope of Trump’s executive order on sanctuary cities did not remove the need for an injunction. Trump issued the order in January directing that funding be slashed to all jurisdictions that refuse to comply with a statute that requires local governments to share information with immigration authorities. Sanctuary cities generally offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants and often do not use municipal funds or resources to enforce of federal immigration laws. Dozens of local governments and cities, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, have joined the growing “sanctuary” movement. The Trump administration contends that local authorities endanger public safety when they decline to hand over for deportation illegal immigrants arrested for crimes. The Republican president’s moves to crack down on immigration have galvanized legal advocacy groups, along with Democratic city and state governments, to oppose them in court.  After Trump issued the sanctuary cities executive order earlier this year, Santa Clara County - which includes the city of San Jose and several smaller Silicon Valley communities - sued, saying it was unconstitutional. San Francisco filed a similar lawsuit. In a ruling in April, Orrick said Trump’s order targeted broad categories of federal funding for sanctuary governments and that plaintiffs challenging the order were likely to succeed in proving it unconstitutional. Attorney General Jeff Sessions then issued a memo which formally endorsed a narrower interpretation of Trump’s order, saying that the only funds the government intended to withhold were certain grants tied to law enforcement programs. In court on Wednesday, Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brett Shumate said the Sessions memo meant less than a million dollars were now at risk for Santa Clara County and San Francisco, so the injunction was no longer needed. But Orrick said an injunction was still necessary because Trump could always order Sessions to issue new, broader guidance. “The attorney general still has the ability to change that memo,” Orrick said. The judge said he would also likely reject a Justice Department request to dismiss other claims by Santa Clara and San Francisco.       ",1
2794,"Trump's FBI pick vows independence, says Russia probe no 'witch hunt'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s pick to head the FBI, Christopher Wray, on Wednesday said he would refuse to pledge loyalty to Trump, rejected his description of the probe into Russian election meddling as a “witch hunt,” and vowed to quit if asked by the president to do something unlawful. Wray, nominated by Trump on June 7 to replace the fired James Comey as Federal Bureau of Investigation director, sought to stake out independence from the president and protect the agency from partisan political influence. Wray even said it would be “highly unlikely” he would agree to meet Trump in a one-on-one situation, as Comey reluctantly did. Wray, who seemed headed for U.S. Senate approval to fill the 10-year post, testified during a 4 1/2-hour hour Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing amid an uproar in Washington over 2016 emails released on Tuesday involving the president’s son, Donald Trump Jr. The emails showed the Republican president’s son agreeing last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father. Wray deflected specific questions from Republican Senator Lindsey Graham about the president’s son’s emails, saying he had not read them. But Wray said, “Any threats or effort to interfere with our election from any nation-state or any non-state actor is the kind of thing the FBI would want to know.” Trump’s son did not notify the FBI and wrote “I love it” about the Russian’s offer of information on Clinton. Trump fired Comey on May 9, igniting a political firestorm, and later cited the “Russia thing” as his reason. The Justice Department eight days later named Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential race to help Trump win and potential collusion between Moscow and Trump associates. The Russia matter has dogged Trump’s first six months in office. Wray said he had no reason to doubt the U.S. intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia interfered in part by hacking and releasing emails damaging to Clinton, a claim Moscow denies. Wray worked at the Justice Department under Republican former President George W. Bush when Comey was deputy attorney general and Mueller was FBI director. Wray also represented New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in a political scandal. Trump has called the Russia probe a “witch hunt.” “I do not consider Director Mueller to be on a witch hunt,” Wray told Graham. Wray said he was “very committed” to supporting Mueller’s investigation, calling him a “consummate straight shooter and somebody I have enormous respect for.” Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein asked Wray to inform the committee “if you learn about any machinations to tamper with” Mueller’s probe. “Understood,” Wray responded. Wray said no one at the White House had asked that he pledge loyalty to Trump, as Comey said the president demanded of him on Jan. 26. Wray said he would not give such an assurance if asked. “My loyalty is to the Constitution, to the rule of law and to the mission of the FBI. And no one asked me for any kind of loyalty oath at any point during this process, and I sure as heck didn’t offer one,” Wray said. Comey previously told the same committee Trump pressed him in a one-on-one session to drop the FBI investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia. Comey said he felt he was fired in a bid by Trump to undercut the Russia probe. Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy asked Wray, “If the president asks you to do something unlawful or unethical, what do you say?” “First, I would try to talk him out of it. And if that failed, I would resign,” Wray replied. The allegation involving Trump pressing Comey on Feb. 14 over the Flynn probe raised questions about whether Trump’s behavior amounted to obstruction of justice, a potential issue in any potential future effort in Congress to impeach the president and remove him from office. Wray sought to differentiate himself from Comey. Wray was asked about Comey’s July 2016 news conference announcing that no criminal charges were planned against Clinton over her use of a private email server to handle classified information but faulting her conduct. “I can’t imagine a situation where as FBI director I would be giving a press conference on an uncharged individual, much less talk in detail about it,” Wray testified. Graham questioned Wray about a January report by the U.S. news organization Politico that a Ukrainian-American operative who was consulting for the Democratic National Committee had met with Ukrainian embassy officials in Washington in a bid to help Clinton and expose links between Trump, top campaign aide Paul Manafort and Russia. Wray said it would be wrong for Ukraine to meddle in the election and “I’d be happy to dig into it.” ",1
2795,Trump expected to nominate Senate Democratic aide to be CFTC commissioner: WSJ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Senate Democratic aide Russ Behnam to be a commissioner on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Behnam’s nomination, which must be confirmed by the Senate, could come as early as this week, the Journal reported. Behnam is senior counsel to Senator Debbie Stabenow, the top Democrat on the Senate Agriculture Committee.  ",1
2796,"In Trump's Ohio bastion, supporters dismiss uproar over Donald Jr.","LITTLE HOCKING, Ohio (Reuters) - While revelations that Donald Trump Jr. welcomed Russian help in last year’s presidential election roil Washington, asking about it along southern Ohio’s Appalachian Highway can draw some pretty strange looks. In the mostly rural, heavily Baptist and predominately Trump-supporting terrain, the collective reaction ranges from   ignorance about the Russia investigation, to a belief that some media want to destroy Republican President Donald Trump and his  family, to complete disinterest.  Many of the 20 people interviewed in several Ohio towns were dismissive of the barrage of headlines about a June 2016 meeting between Trump’s eldest son Donald Jr. and a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic election rival Hillary Clinton. The revelation was made when Trump Jr. released a series of emails on Tuesday amid investigations of U.S. intelligence agency conclusions that Moscow sought to help Trump win. Russia has denied allegations of interfering in the election and Trump has denied his campaign colluded with Russian officials, sometimes dismissing the notion as “fake news.” In Little Hocking, Ohio, Lisa Walker, 54, runs a small thrift shop. Wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the American flag, she says her husband has expressed fears that somebody is going to try and assassinate Trump. She and her husband voted for Trump. She has followed the revelations about the younger Trump on the news. She sees the Russia investigation as proof that “people are out to get Trump. I would hope they have better things to do than play games and attack Trump.” Similarly, in Jackson and Piketon, Ohio, Donald Trump Jr.’s troubles appeared to strengthen support for his father and Trump family members who many in the area see as embattled victims. In Hillsboro, the county seat of Highland County, the editor of the Hillsboro Times Gazette, Gary Abernathy, says many people in the county believe the media is trying to destroy Trump. “It just plays into the belief here that the media is fixated on all things Russia,” said Abernathy, whose newspaper was one of only six in the United States to have endorsed Trump for president during the election campaign. “I don’t mind Donald Trump being treated critically or aggressively, but not in a way that is an effort to drag him down. Donald Trump Jr. had one 20 minute meeting with a lawyer from Russia and it’s wall-to-wall coverage.” Trump won Highland County with more than 76 percent of the vote, 12 points more than the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney won, part of a surge in votes for Trump in many Midwestern rural counties that was a significant factor in his victory. Donald Jr.’s meeting stirred more questions and reporting about possible collusion or whether any U.S. laws were broken. Under the U.S. Federal Election Campaign Act, it is illegal for a foreign national to contribute to a U.S. political campaign. Before the latest disclosures, Americans overall were  sharply divided on what to make of reports about Trump and Russia. According to a Reuters/Ipsos poll in June, 50 percent agreed “that President Trump or someone from his campaign worked with Russia to influence the 2016 election” while 33 percent disagreed and the remainder were unsure. Republicans, however, mostly expressed the opposite view: 66 percent said they disagreed that Trump or his campaign worked with Russia while 20 percent agreed and the rest were unsure. In the Bob Evans diner in Jackson, three workers from Walmart were sitting down for lunch. They were Trump supporters. Asked about the Russia investigation, they stared back blankly. “I have never heard anything about it,” said Chastity Banks. Neither had her two colleagues. ",1
2797,U.S. House Freedom Caucus wants tax reform plan before budget deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The conservative House Freedom Caucus threatened on Wednesday to block a fiscal 2018 budget resolution vital to tax reform, unless Republican leaders release a plan that slashes U.S. corporate taxes and doubles the standard deduction for individuals.    The demand from the hardline group could escalate infighting that has prevented Republicans in the House of Representatives from agreeing on a spending blueprint for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1. With about three dozen members, the Freedom Caucus can stymie any legislation in the Republican-controlled House.  Passing a budget resolution is vital to the success of a  Republican tax overhaul effort because it would allow a bill to pass the 100-seat Senate with only a simple majority. Otherwise, the legislation would require 60 votes in a chamber where Republicans have only 52 seats. The Freedom Caucus also repeated a call for the House to remain in session during August, saying lawmakers should also address healthcare and an increase in the federal debt ceiling rather than head home to their districts. Budget negotiations have bogged down over the group’s efforts to include more than $200 billion of cuts to mandatory spending programs over a decade in any budget resolution, a move opposed by Republican moderates.  President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress have promised to deliver a tax reform package this year. But the House budget squabble and hurdles facing healthcare legislation in the Senate have begun to worry business lobbyists about the prospects for success. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce sent a letter on Wednesday to Senate Republicans calling for tax cuts and other policy changes it said would make businesses more competitive at home and abroad.   “If a budget is put forth today, at $200 billion in mandatory spending and without decisions on tax reform, there would not be enough votes to pass it in the House,” the Freedom Caucus chairman, Representative Mark Meadows, told a news conference. In comments that paralleled a White House plan released in April, Meadows said tax reform should set a 16 percent corporate tax rate and double the standard deduction for individuals who do not itemize. Trump has called for a 15 percent corporate tax rate, versus the current 35 percent rate.  Freedom Caucus members also want House Republican leaders to abandon an unpopular border adjustment proposal that would tax imports.   Top Trump administration officials and Republican leaders in Congress are trying to agree on a framework for tax reform, and the White House has said a plan could be set by the end of July. But there have been no tangible signs of progress in the closed-door discussions, while lobbyists and some congressional aides say the end-of-July deadline could be too ambitious. ",1
2798,Maine Democratic lawmaker blasted for threatening post about Trump," (Editors note: Attention to language in 2nd paragraph that some readers may find offensive) BOSTON (Reuters) - A Democratic state lawmaker in Maine called President Donald Trump “a joke” and made a threatening remark about him in a Facebook post that drew a sharp condemnation by the head of the state’s Republican party. “Trump was installed by the Russians, because they wanted to undermine American democracy and embarrass our country. Mission accomplished. Trump is a joke,” Representative Scott Hamann wrote in a comment posted to a friend’s Facebook page on Tuesday. “Trump is a half-term president, at most, especially if I ever get within 10 feet of that pussy.”     The chair of the state Republican party, Demi Kouzounas, called on the Democratic speaker of the Maine House of Representatives to take action after Hamann posted his lengthy message about Trump late on Tuesday.     “Perhaps the most alarming aspect of this tirade is an implied death threat against our president,” Kouzounas said in a statement. “The best way I can describe these comments is simple: Unhinged, dangerous.” Hamann, a third-term representative, said in a statement that he regretted his words. “While the tone of the post was born out of frustration with the vile language currently surrounding politics, I should not have responded with the same language,” he said. “This is not language I typically use, it does not reflect my personal values.” A spokeswoman for the Democratic speaker of the House, Sara Gideon, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
2799,Blumenthal asks antitrust pick to discuss White House role in AT&T deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Richard Blumenthal, a member of the Judiciary Committee, said on Wednesday that he asked President Donald Trump’s top antitrust pick to meet to discuss any contact he has had with the White House regarding AT&T’s (T.N) plan to merge with Time Warner (TWX.N). Blumenthal told reporters on Capitol Hill that he requested the meeting with Makan Delrahim in the wake of a New York Times report that White House advisers battling television news station CNN mulled using a government review of AT&T’s merger plans as leverage. Delrahim was nominated to be the assistant attorney general for antitrust at the Justice Department and is awaiting Senate confirmation. The department’s Antitrust Division will decide whether the deal is legal under U.S. law. “(The White House) is ethically and morally barred from intervening,” said Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat. “The mere threat of it is a very serious potential violation of ethics.” On Tuesday, Bob Quinn, a spokesman for AT&T, declined to discuss the report. Quinn said that AT&T believes it can complete regulatory reviews and close the deal by the end of the year. Blumenthal also said that he had written to the CEOs of AT&T and Time Warner about the report. Blumenthal’s remarks echo those of Senator Amy Klobuchar, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee’s antitrust panel, who said last week in a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions that “any political interference in antitrust enforcement is unacceptable.” Trump himself has not commented publicly on the deal since the election but during his campaign he said it was an example of a “power structure” that was rigged against him and “too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” Blumenthal said that Delrahim had not yet responded to the request. The Justice Department declined comment. ",1
2800,Trump says son is 'innocent' over emails about Russian campaign help,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday defended his eldest son as “innocent” following emails that showed Donald Trump Jr. welcomed Russian help against his father’s rival in the 2016 presidential election, deepening the controversy over purported Russian meddling. Trump Jr. released a series of emails on Tuesday that revealed he had eagerly agreed to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father. Trump Jr., in a Fox News television interview Tuesday, said: “In retrospect, I probably would have done things a little differently.”  The president, after initially releasing a statement calling his son “high-quality,” on Wednesday praised the TV appearance and again condemned news coverage and investigations into his campaign’s alleged links to Russia. “He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Christopher Wray, Trump’s nominee to lead the Federal Bureau of Investigation, told a U.S. Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday he did not consider special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian meddling to be a “witch hunt.” The emails offered the most concrete evidence to date that Trump campaign officials embraced an offer of Russian help to win the election, a subject that has cast a cloud over Trump’s presidency and spurred multiple investigations. The emails do not appear to provide evidence of illegal activity, but legal experts say Trump Jr. could run into trouble if investigators find he aided a criminal action, such as hacking into Democratic computer networks, or violated campaign-finance laws by accepting gifts from foreign entities.   U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded Moscow sought to help Trump win the election, in part by releasing private emails from Democratic Party officials.            The Justice Department and Congress are both investigating alleged Russian interference in the election and possible collusion with Trump’s campaign.  Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia     and Moscow has denied meddling.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday it was preposterous that Trump’s eldest son was under attack for meeting the Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya. “I learned with surprise that a Russian lawyer, a woman, is being blamed and Trump’s son is being blamed for meeting. For me, this is wild,” Lavrov told a news conference in Brussels.          The allegations that Russia tried to help Trump win the election has cast a cloud over his presidency. White House aides say the president keenly watches cable TV news, which he often mentions in his tweets. Trump denied that on Wednesday, saying the White House was focused on getting healthcare and tax reforms through Congress. “The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.,” Trump wrote on Twitter.  One of the president’s personal attorneys, Jay Sekulow, in a series of TV interviews on Wednesday said Trump Jr.’s meeting with Veselnitskaya was not a violation of the law and that the president was unaware of the meeting and the emails until recently.  “There’s no illegality,” he told NBC’s “Today” program.      Trump Jr. said that Paul Manafort, Trump’s campaign manager at the time, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, now a top White House adviser, also attended the meeting with Veselnitskaya, who has denied having Kremlin ties. ",1
2801,U.S. Senate Judiciary chairman to call ex-Trump aide Manafort to testify,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said on Wednesday he intends to call former Paul Manafort, former campaign manager for President Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential bid, to testify before the panel, an Iowa newspaper reported. Grassley, an Iowa Republican, said Manafort would be subpoenaed if necessary and could be questioned on anything including his presence in a June 2016 meeting in New York involving the president’s son, Donald Trump Jr., and a Russian lawyer, the Des Moines Register said. “We’re working very close on this and we’ve already agreed that we’re going to bring Manafort before our committee,” the paper quoted Grassley as saying in a call with reporters, describing his cooperation with Senator Dianne Feinstein, the ranking Democrat on the committee. ",1
2802,Trump's pick to head U.S. bank regulator withdraws,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - James Clinger, picked by President Donald Trump in June to head the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, announced on Wednesday he was withdrawing his name from consideration. He has asked to be removed as the president’s pick to head the U.S. bank regulator, citing family-related issues.  “It is ... with a sense of regret that I have asked the White House to withdraw my nomination. I did so after concluding that the family-related obligations that prompted me to leave government service earlier this year - which have grown more challenging in the interim - are incompatible with the demands of leading an important federal agency like the FDIC,” Clinger said in a statement. Clinger, who spent two decades as a Republican staff member of the House Financial Services Committee, was nominated for the post in June. His withdrawal is a setback for the Trump administration, as the president has said his top priorities include easing rules on the banking sector to spur economic growth. The FDIC chairman plays a key role in supervising banks as well as determining if large financial institutions have credible “living wills,” detailing how they could be taken apart in a financial crisis. Martin Gruenberg, the current FDIC chairman who was appointed by President Obama, plans to serve until his term expires in November. Before leaving the committee in November, Clinger had served as the committee’s chief Republican counsel since 2007, and his time as a staffer to the panel going back to 1995. He spent two years serving as a deputy assistant attorney general at the Justice Department from 2005 to 2007. Shortly after Clinger was nominated, a senior administration official touted his extensive experience with banking policy in a briefing call with reporters, while describing him as a pragmatic and well-informed policymaker. ",1
2803,Russia's Lavrov: show me at least one fact Moscow meddled in U.S. election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday he wanted to be shown at least one fact proving Moscow’s meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. “I don’t know anything about this fact. It’s amazing that serious people are making a mountain out of a molehill,” Lavrov told a news conference during a visit to Belgium. His comments were broadcast live by Russian state Rossiya 24 TV channel. Lavrov was reacting to reports that U.S. President Donald Trump’s eldest son was blamed for meeting a Russian lawyer that emails show might have had damaging information about Hillary Clinton last year.     ",1
2804,Kremlin 'has nothing to do' with Russian lawyer who contacted Trump's team,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin has never been in touch with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya who met a group of U.S. President Donald Trump’s associates last year, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. “We have already said we are absolutely unaware of this story, we have never been in contact with this lawyer ... She has nothing to do whatsoever with us,” Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father, according to emails released on Tuesday.  ",1
2805,Lavrov says wild that Trump Jr. blamed for meeting Russian lawyer,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday it was preposterous that U.S. President Donald Trump’s eldest son was blamed for meeting a Russian lawyer who emails suggest might have had damaging information about Hillary Clinton last year. Hitting back against accusations of Russian meddling in the 206 U.S. elections, Lavrov asked to be shown “at least one fact” proving Moscow tried to interfere with the democratic process.  “I learned with surprise that a Russian lawyer, a woman, is being blamed and Trump’s son is being blamed for meeting. For me, this is wild,” Lavrov told a joint news conference with his Belgian counterpart in Brussels.     “Because when any person speaks to a lawyer, what problem or threat could there be? I didn’t know about this, I learned about it from television.” The emails released by Donald Trump Jr. on Tuesday are seen by Trump critics as the most concrete evidence yet that Trump campaign officials welcomed Russian help to win the election. But Lavrov dismissed the media interest in the email release, saying: “It’s amazing that serious people are making a mountain out of a molehill.” ",1
2806,U.S. House Democrats will introduce new version of Senate Russia bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats on the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee plan to introduce in the House on Wednesday a Russia sanctions bill identical to one that passed the Senate last month but has not come up for a vote in the House. “It’s identical to the Senate-passed bill,” a Democratic committee aide said, but since it will be labeled as a House bill it would avoid a procedural issue that prompted House Republican leaders to send the measure back to the Senate.  ",1
2807,Trump Jr. emails suggest he welcomed Russian help against Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father, according to emails released on Tuesday. The emails, released by Donald Trump Jr., are the most concrete evidence yet that Trump campaign officials welcomed Russian help to win the election, a subject that has cast a cloud over Trump’s presidency and spurred investigations by the Justice Department and Congress. The messages show that the younger Trump was open to the prospect of “very high level and sensitive information” from a Russian attorney that a go-between described as “part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump” ahead of a meeting on June 9, 2016.  ""If it's what you say I love it,"" Trump Jr. responded. He released the messages on Twitter after the New York Times said it planned to write about them and sought comment from him. (bit.ly/2uapeCK and bit.ly/2ua9hwg)     In an interview with Fox News, Trump Jr. said that Trump’s campaign manager at the time, Paul Manafort, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, now a top White House adviser, also attended the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who denies having Kremlin ties. He said Veselnitskaya did not provide any damaging information about Clinton at the meeting and instead sought to discuss Russian sanctions. “In retrospect, I probably would have done things a little differently,” he said. “For me, this was opposition research.” Nevertheless, the correspondence between him and Rob Goldstone, a publicist who arranged the meeting, could provide fodder for U.S. investigators probing whether Trump’s campaign colluded with the Kremlin. “The crown prosecutor of Russia ... offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,” Goldstone wrote Trump Jr. on June 3. Russia does not have a “crown prosecutor” - the equivalent title is prosecutor general. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow sought to help Trump win the election, in part by releasing private emails from Democratic Party officials. “The conversation will now turn to whether President Trump was personally involved or not. But the question of the campaign’s involvement appears settled now,” Cornell Law School professor Jens David Ohlin said in an interview. “The answer is yes.”  Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. Trump Jr. said he did not tell his father about the meeting. He said he may have since had contact with other Russians. “I’ve probably met with other people from Russia, but certainly not in the context of actual formalized meetings or anything,” he said on Fox News. The news jarred financial markets as investors worried it presented a fresh distraction from the administration’s economic agenda. Stocks and the dollar fell, while U.S. Treasury securities gained ground. Stocks later retraced most of their losses after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pledged to keep lawmakers in Washington longer than scheduled to push through a bill to overhaul healthcare. Along with his younger brother Eric, Trump Jr. oversees the Trump Organization, his father’s real-estate and business empire, and does not have a formal role in the White House. “My son is a high-quality person and I applaud his transparency,” Trump said in a statement. The White House referred questions to lawyers for Trump and his son. The emails do not appear to provide evidence of illegal activity, but legal experts say Trump Jr. could run into trouble if investigators find he aided a criminal action, such as hacking into Democratic computer networks, or violated campaign-finance laws by accepting gifts from foreign entities. He is likely to face scrutiny from both congressional committees investigating the matter.  The Senate Intelligence Committee plans to call on him to testify and to provide documents, according to a Senate source, while the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee wants to interview him and everybody else involved in the meeting, said the panel’s top Democrat, Representative Adam Schiff. “The American people need to know that our president is acting on their behalf and not acting because he has a fear that the Russians could disclose things that would harm him or his family,” Schiff told reporters. On Fox News, Trump Jr. said he was “more than happy to cooperate with everyone.” Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, a Republican, asked the Trump administration how Veselnitskaya was able to enter the United States even though her authorization had expired. CNN reported that Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is heading a criminal investigation at the Justice Department, also planned to look into the meeting. Vice President Mike Pence, who has said the campaign had no contacts with Russia, said through a spokesman he was not aware of the meeting, held before he became Trump’s running mate later that summer. Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican who is at times harshly critical of Trump, told reporters: “This is very problematic. We cannot allow foreign governments to reach out to anybody’s campaign and say: ‘We’d like to help you.’” ",1
2808,"Trump calls son 'high-quality person,' applauds his transparency","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump called his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., a “high-quality person” on Tuesday after disclosures about the latter’s meeting last year with a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have information incriminating Trump’s Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. “My son is a high-quality person and I applaud his transparency,” Trump said in a brief statement read to reporters by White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. Sanders told reporters that all other questions on the matter should be referred to either his son’s lawyer or the president’s outside counsel. Earlier on Tuesday, Donald Trump Jr. posted on Twitter a chain of emails between himself and Rob Goldstone, a publicist who helped to arrange the June 9, 2016, meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, who says she is a private lawyer and denies having Kremlin ties. “If it’s what you say I love it especially later in the summer,” Trump Jr. replied in the email exchange after Goldstone said the information offered was “part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump.” The disclosures could provide ammunition for U.S. investigators probing whether there was collusion between the Kremlin and Trump’s Republican presidential campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow sought to hurt Clinton and help Trump in the 2016 presidential election. Sanders said Trump was “frustrated” by the focus on Russia. “The president is, I would say, frustrated with the process of the fact that this continues to be an issue, and he would love for us to be focused on things like ... the economy, on healthcare, on tax reform, on infrastructure,” Sanders said. Asked about the fact that the words “perjury” and “treason” were now being used in the public conversation about the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russians, Sanders said, “I think those new words are ridiculous.” ",1
2809,Senate Judiciary committee wants Donald Trump Jr.'s testimony,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said on Tuesday she wanted Donald Trump Jr. to testify before the panel, in a public setting, as soon as possible. The committee is one of several investigating the Trump campaign, Russia and the 2016 U.S. election.  Separately, its chairman, Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, said at a hearing on Tuesday he had sent more than two dozen letters seeking information, placed holds on nominations in the Senate to press for that information and had been meeting with staff from Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s office. ",1
2810,Senate Judiciary chairman asks how Russian lawyer who met Trump Jr. entered U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, chairman of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, asked the U.S. administration on Tuesday how the Russian lawyer who met President Donald Trump’s son in New York in June 2016 was allowed to enter the United States. Grassley, in a letter to Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said U.S. permission for the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, to travel to the United States had been set to expire on Jan. 7, 2016, and her request for an extension had been denied, Grassley’s office said in a statement. ",1
2811,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 11) - Mississippi crash, Olympics, Mosul","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can’t win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct [0659 EDT] - Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned! [0746 EDT] - Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all! [0809 EDT] - Big wins against ISIS! [0823 EDT] - My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country! [2024 EDT] - Statement on the Liberation of Mosul: ""We will continue to seek the total destruction of ISIS."" 45.wh.gov/NVfHoe [0907 EDT] - #ICYMI yesterday I announced key additions to my administration: bit.ly/2ubr6eq [1737 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2812,"MSNBC host leaving the Republican party, becoming an independent","(Reuters) - Co-host of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” and former Republican U.S. congressman Joe Scarborough said on Tuesday that he is leaving the Republican party and becoming an independent during an appearance on a late-night talk show. Scarborough and his co-host, Mika Brzezinski, appeared on “Late Show with Stephen Colbert” where he explained that his decision stemmed from his opposition to Republican President Donald Trump and his party’s unwillingness to speak out against the president and his policies.  “My party has betrayed their core values,” he told Colbert. “Time and time and time again they turned the other way. They are doing the same thing now. It’s actually disgusting.” Scarborough and Brzezinski, who are engaged, were embroiled in public argument with the Republican president two weeks ago. After Trump levied personal attacks against Brzezinski in a series of messages on social network Twitter, the pair responded with a searing opinion piece in the Washington Post that questioned his mental health. Trump beat Democrat Hillary Clinton last November in the most divisive presidential election in modern U.S. politics, in which a gulf between Republicans and Democrats has widened and  hardened over ideological positions on social and economic issues.  ",1
2813,"Among Trump associates, concern and frustration over Donald Jr. crisis","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fresh off one foreign trip and preparing for another, Donald Trump was enjoying a period of relative calm - until the White House was rocked by a fresh controversy over contacts between the president’s campaign and Russia. For Trump, who has been swept up all year in crises of his own making, this time the target was his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., whose meeting with a Russian lawyer last year led to accusations that the president’s son entertained working with Russians to spread negative information about Democrat Hillary Clinton.  Among Trump’s wide-ranging group of outside advisers and former campaign officials, Donald Jr.’s meeting with the lawyer on the expectation of gaining access to negative information on Clinton was seen as problematic, a demonstration of the son’s political inexperience, but not illegal. “You can’t shrug this off even though you know he’s very likely going to be okay,” said an outside Trump adviser, who asked to remain unidentified. “This is the president’s namesake and you have to circle the wagons in defense of the president’s son.” “There’s no question in my mind that every person in the White House has some level of concern about this. Otherwise it’s malpractice,” the adviser said. Inside the White House, the mood was one of heavy acceptance that another political problem had emerged but also of caution as to its significance for a wider probe into Russia’s meddling in the election and whether there was collusion with the Trump campaign. Benumbed by previous crises from the firing of then-FBI Director James Comey to the appointment of a special prosecutor, White House officials showed no signs of panic and said they were trying to advance the president’s agenda. The new incident erupted as Trump seemingly enjoyed a rare moment of calm. His trip to Warsaw and Hamburg last week went fairly smoothly, although critics accused him of not being tough enough in his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. On Wednesday, he is to depart to Paris for talks with French President Emmanuel Macron and to participate in flag-waving Bastille Day ceremonies. Trump himself was described by the White House as frustrated by yet another distraction involving the Russia investigation. “He knows that he didn’t do anything and he really wants to focus on the good things that are happening and the things he was elected to do, and he doesn’t like it when things get in the way,” a senior White House official said. The president offered a restrained reaction, not resorting to Twitter to launch a tirade against his critics, but issuing a brief statement praising his “high-quality person” who showed “transparency” by releasing the email chain with the lawyer on Tuesday.  There was a sense among former campaign advisers that Donald Trump Jr. had shown his political naivete by agreeing to the meeting. They noted that it took place at a time when Trump had a barebones staff and that his family members, initially reluctant to getting involved in his campaign, were searching to carve out space for themselves. “Besides proving that he was gullible and he got snookered, it’s still not a smoking gun,” said one former campaign adviser. Among even Republicans, there was dismay at the turn of events. Conservative author Quin Hillyer wrote in a blog post that Trump should step down for cozying up to Russia. (The blog link is here)  “The American people absolutely cannot trust Trump’s objectivity about Russian intentions and Russian actions,” Hillyer wrote. “This is an utterly untenable situation. For the good of the country, Trump must lance the boil, and resign.” The outside Trump adviser said the Trump Jr. case “unfortunately supports the narrative” advanced by Trump’s Democratic opponents and propagated by what Trump world feels is a left-leaning news media. “Donald Jr. is the nicest of nice guys, genuinely authentic,” the adviser said. “A lot of us are disappointed that if it had to be somebody, why did it have to be Don Jr.?” ",1
2814,Senate may vote on revised healthcare bill next week,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans said Tuesday they will seek to bring their healthcare overhaul to the Senate floor next week after a lengthy intraparty struggle, but it remained unclear whether they had the votes to pass the measure or even what form it would finally take.  With his reputation as a master strategist on the line, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell laid out a timetable for Senate consideration of legislation to fulfill President Donald Trump’s campaign promise to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. In a departure from Republican orthodoxy on tax-cutting, the legislation likely will retain some of the taxes that were imposed on the wealthy under Obamacare, Senate sources said. But it was unknown whether a revised version of the bill to be announced on Thursday morning can satisfy both moderates and hard-line conservatives in the Republican majority who voiced opposition to a draft unveiled last month on very different grounds. With Trump urging the Senate to act before taking the August break, McConnell pushed back the Senate’s planned August recess by two weeks to allow senators more time to tackle the measure that would repeal key parts of Obamacare, as well as pursue other legislative priorities. McConnell’s announcement drove a turn-around in stock prices in afternoon trading on Wall Street after an earlier sell-off, on hopes that a shortened recess could mean progress on the stalled Republican legislative agenda.  A dark mood lingered among some Republicans over the healthcare subject, with party leaders appearing to act because of the need to dispense with healthcare and turn to other issues, among them increasing the U.S. debt ceiling. “I think we’ve narrowed down now to where we know where the decision points are, and we just have to make those decisions,” Senator John Thune, a junior member of the Republican leadership, told reporters. Leaders were still trying to “figure out how we get to 50” votes, he said. Republicans, who hold 52 seats in the 100-seat Senate, would need 50 votes to pass the bill, with Vice President Mike Pence providing the tie-breaking vote. “I am very pessimistic” about the prospects for Republican healthcare legislation, Chuck Grassley, a senior senator, told Fox News on Tuesday. Another Republican senator, Lindsey Graham, was working on his own healthcare proposal and will unveil it this week, a Graham aide said. McConnell said the plan was to vote on the healthcare bill next week, and said he hoped to have a fresh analysis of the bill from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office at the start of the week. He did not reveal any of the planned changes to the draft, on which he postponed action last month after it failed to gather enough support. But Senate sources said it is likely that two Obamacare taxes on the wealthy will be kept in place - a 3.8 percent net investment tax and a 0.9 percent payroll tax that helps finance Medicare - which would appeal to moderates who have balked at the prospect of cutting taxes for the wealthy while reducing benefits for the poor. “Obviously that’s the direction I think that a lot of our members want to move, is to keep some of those (taxes) in place and be able to use those revenues to put it into other places in the bill,” Thune said, while stressing that no decisions were final. Republicans could also retain Obamacare’s limit on corporate tax deductions for executive pay in the health insurance industry, one Senate source said. It was unclear whether the bill would include a proposal by conservative Republican Ted Cruz that would allow insurers to offer basic low-cost healthcare plans that do not comply with Obamacare regulations. Cruz argues it would help to lower premiums, but critics say it would allow insurers to offer skimpier plans that may not cover essential health benefits while also charging more for more comprehensive, Obamacare-compliant plans. The Senate Republican healthcare bill unveiled last month would phase out the Obamacare expansion of Medicaid health insurance for the poor and disabled, sharply cut federal Medicaid spending beginning in 2025, repeal many of Obamacare’s taxes, end a penalty on individuals who do not obtain insurance and overhaul Obamacare’s subsidies to help people buy insurance with tax credits. Democrats are united in opposition to the bill and at least 10 Republicans have said they oppose the existing draft. The House of Representatives passed its own version in May. Moderate Republicans are uneasy about the millions of people forecast to lose their medical insurance under the draft legislation, and hard-line conservatives say it leaves too much of Obamacare intact. Democrats call the Republican legislation a giveaway to the rich that would hurt the most vulnerable Americans. ",1
2815,EPA chief wants scientists to debate climate on TV,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is in the early stages of launching a debate about climate change that could air on television – challenging scientists to prove the widespread view that global warming is a serious threat, the head of the agency said. The move comes as the administration of President Donald Trump seeks to roll back a slew of Obama-era regulations limiting carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels, and begins a withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement - a global pact to stem planetary warming through emissions cuts. “There are lots of questions that have not been asked and answered (about climate change),” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told Reuters in an interview late on Monday.  “Who better to do that than a group of scientists... getting together and having a robust discussion for all the world to see,” he added without explaining how the scientists would be chosen. Asked if he thought the debate should be televised, Pruitt said: “I think so. I think so. I mean, I don’t know yet, but you want this to be open to the world. You want this to be on full display. I think the American people would be very interested in consuming that. I think they deserve it.” Pruitt, one of the most controversial figures in the Trump administration, has repeatedly expressed doubts about climate change – one of the main points of contention in his narrow confirmation by the Senate.  While acknowledging the planet is warming, Pruitt says he questions the gravity of the problem and the need for regulations that require companies to take costly measures to reduce their carbon footprint. “It is a question about how much we contribute to it. How do we measure that with precision? And by the way, are we on an unsustainable path? And is it causing an existential threat?” he said in the interview. Since taking up his role at EPA, he has emerged as one of the more prolific Trump cabinet appointees, taking steps to undo more than two dozen regulations, and influencing Trump’s decision to pull the United States from the Paris climate change deal, agreed by nearly 200 countries in 2015. Pruitt rejected global criticism of the United States for pulling out of the climate deal, which Trump has said would have cost America trillions of dollars without benefit. “We have nothing to be apologetic about,” Pruitt said. “It was absolutely a decision of courage and fortitude and truly represented an America First strategy with respect to how we are leading on this issue.” Pruitt said the United States had already cut its carbon output to the lowest levels in nearly 25 years without mandates, thanks mainly to increased use of natural gas - which burns cleaner than coal. Pruitt said his desire for the agency to host an ongoing climate change debate was inspired by two articles published in April – one in the Wall Street Journal by theoretical physicist Steve Koonin, who served as undersecretary of energy under Obama – and one by conservative columnist Brett Stephens in the New York Times.  Koonin’s article made the case that climate science should use the “red team-blue team” methodology used by the national security community to test assumptions. Stephens’ article criticized claims of complete certainty in climate science, saying that it “traduces the spirit of science.” Pruitt said scientists should not scoff at the idea of participating in these debates. “If you’re going to win and if you’re so certain about it, come and do your deal. They shouldn’t be scared of the debate and discussion,” he said. Pruitt said debate is not necessarily aimed at undermining the 2009 “endangerment finding,” the scientific determination that carbon dioxide harms human health that formed the basis for the Democratic Obama administration’s regulation of greenhouse gases. He said there may be a legal basis to challenge the finding but would prefer Congress weigh in on the matter. In the interview, Pruitt added that he intended to deal “very aggressively” with automakers that use devices to cheat emissions tests, and would also seek to boost accountability for companies to clean up polluted sites under the Superfund program.  He said EPA was also not ready to decide yet on a change proposed by Trump’s special adviser Carl Icahn to the U.S. biofuels program, that would shift the burden of blending biofuels like ethanol into gasoline away from refiners to companies further down the supply chain. ",1
2816,Transcript of Reuters interview with EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt,"(Reuters) - U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt gave Reuters a wide-ranging interview on Monday at his office in Washington, discussing issues from climate science to automobile emissions.  The following is a full transcript of the interview: REUTERS: You have said the EPA will focus on a “Back to Basics” approach under your leadership. What does this mean for how EPA enforces polluters? You have been critical of the idea of regulation by enforcement. PRUITT: I think what I’m speaking about there is a consent decree approach to enforcement, where you use judicial proceedings to actually engage in regulation. Enforcement should be about existing regulations that you’re actually enforcing against someone who may be violating that, very much in the prosecutorial manner. As attorney general [in Oklahoma], I lived that. There was a grand jury that I led. Being a prosecutor, I understand very much the importance of prioritization, of enforcing the rule of law, of addressing bad actors. That’s something we are going to do in a meaningful way across the broad spectrum of cases, whether it is in the office of air or the superfund area, or otherwise. REUTERS: Do you want to see states play a bigger role in enforcing polluters, even though some have less of a capacity to do so – financially and personnel wise? PRUITT: I think the state’s role is really, when you look at this office working with states it should be how do we assist, how do we engage in compliance and assistance with states. The office [at EPA that deals with enforcement] is called OECA, the Office of Enforcement, Compliance and Assistance, so those are the tools we have in the tool box to achieve better outcomes. So what we ought to be doing is working proactively with state DEQs [Departments of Environmental Quality] to get their state implementation plans [for federal regulations] timely submitted, provide assistance and technical support, drive a draft of state implementation plans and then actually work with them on how to achieve through those plans better outcomes and air and water quality. As far as enforcement is concerned we will actually work with states. We actually did that recently with Colorado, there was an oil and gas company that was emitting some 3,000 tons, is that what it was, it was quite a bit, of… it was an ozone case. In any event, we joined with Colorado in that prosecution. So sometimes states will do it, sometimes we will join with them. The importance is, in my view, that with respect to achieving good environmental outcomes, you need to use all of the tools in the toolbox to achieve that – compliance, assistance and enforcement – and use that enforcement in a meaningful impactful way to ensure that actions are addressed in a timely way. REUTERS: Some of the pending settlements that are out there – Harley-Davidson for example – where do they stand? And would you look at some of these previous settlements that were reached during the last days of the Obama administration and revisit them? PRUITT: Well, I’m not familiar with… I don’t know the latest on the Harley Davidson case… My review predominantly has been with respect to the consent decrees that were being used to engage in regulation. There is a distinction there. I want to make sure I’m saying that clearly. In one instance with respect to enforcement you have a regulation that has already been adopted and a standard that has to be met and a company that is not meeting the standard that was set by regulation. That is enforcement. This is what OECA should be working with the states to address. The part that has not been handled well over the past several years is the part where you have the EPA sued by third party, not an enforcement mechanism, but sued by an NGO, and that NGO is asking the court to compel this agency to take certain steps, either through change in statute or time lines set by statute and then the agency will acquiesce through a consent decree changing the very statutory framework. That is regulation through litigation and that is inconsistent with the authority in my view of this agency. That has nothing to do with enforcement. REUTERS: What are some examples that are egregious? PRUITT: There is a host of consent decrees that I’ve inherited that we are evaluating on a case by case basis to see what authority we have to address those. But again, that is not enforcement that is completely under the banner of regulation by litigation. Let me say to you that it is important because Congress has said that as you engage in rulemaking you follow the administrative procedures act, which is you propose a rule, you take comment, you respond to that comment on the record, you make an informed decision and then you finalize the rule. The reason that is important is that is how you build consensus. That is how you hear from people at the state level. That is how you hear from states. That is how you hear from industry. All these various voices are heard in that process and you make a more robust and informed decision. And the merits of the rule, I think, are received better that way. And when you do it through one case, through litigation, and it is passed on to the rest of the country, voices are subverted in that process and it is not good decision-making.  REUTERS: With the cheat devises used by automakers to skirt EPA vehicle emission standards, did you think that some of those penalties were too harsh? PRUITT: Look, what VW and Fiat… you’ve got this Fiat case that is on the horizon as well. The emails and the communications that I’m aware of: it was strategic and intentional and should be dealt with very aggressively. They knew very, very well what they did. I wouldn’t call what was done too light at all. I’m fact, I would tell you that as we look forward… what VW did was very, very troublesome and we need to make sure it doesn’t happen again. REUTERS: Will you model EPA enforcement after what you did in Oklahoma as attorney general? PRUITT: It is a completely different role that I had as attorney general. In fact, as I said during my confirmation process, the AG is not the enforcement arm at the state level with respect to permitting. That is DEQ. The environmental unit that we set up in the previous administration was not set up to address enforcement. It was actually set up to address a nuisance claim that was filed against a company on poultry waste that we dealt with in other ways with the state of Arkansas. Long and short of it, the role that I have here is very different from the role. As it turned out we were not the front-line enforcer. It was the DEQ and the state regulatory bodies. Now we did provide assistance to them through general counsel, and they provided support and input to them. But as far as a standalone enforcement arm, that was handled by the individual agencies in the state of Oklahoma. Which is different than here [at EPA]. We have a robust, very important role of enforcement here. We are coordinating with the regions, making sure there is consistency across the regions…I tried to explain it during the confirmation hearing. Look at Superfund. People don’t usually equate that with enforcement. Under the CERCLA statute [the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980] we have joint and several liability with respect to potential responsible parties, and a large percentage of our portfolio at the Superfund is through responsible parties, private funding. I think the agency has not done the best job historically at holding those private parties accountable for the amount of waste and remediation that needs to take place. We have tremendous authority. I’m going to have a very thoughtful and meaningful enforcement response to Superfund to make sure that we are achieving good outcomes for citizens across the country with respect to that entire portfolio of 1,336 or so sites. Again, that is not often thought about in terms of enforcement. We think about air, we think about permitting, but we don’t often think about remediation under CERCLA and I think we have got a lot of room for improvement and opportunity to get accountability in that area. I’ve got a report on my desk that spent thirty or so days. I’m doing the task force recommendations right now, on how to better achieve accountability from enforcement across the board. REUTERS: But the administration’s proposed budget for FY2018 proposes severe budget cuts across the board, including to Superfund … PRUITT: But there aren’t. There aren’t budget cuts across the board. We have a Continuing Resolution until the end of April that funded us around $8 billion or so, and Congress is going through that process with respect to what the funding levels are going to be on Superfund. So the fact that we have a proposed budget… Congress is having that discussion and there haven’t been any budget cuts taking place at this point and we’re working with Congress to make sure that there is adequate funding to address both the enforcement side and the Superfund side. REUTERS: When you saw the president’s budget proposal which called for a 31 percent cut to the EPA budget, did it worry you? PRUITT: I think there are certain parts of the agency that there is room for true legitimate cuts, and there are other parts of the agency where that is not the case - as it is in every department. But to take something like Superfund and say that whatever the proposed budget was means that we can’t do what we need to do as far as our reform and accountability is just simply not accurate. Most of the challenges I’ve seen from the Superfund program have been related to attitude management leadership and less about money. But as I told Congress during the budget and nomination process, if I determine that we need more moneys there, we’ll ask Congress, because that’s the priority. Enforcement and Superfund are included in that category. When you’re funding [inaudible] million dollars you’ve got room to cut. But I can tell you this, the core mission of the agency – improving air and water quality, addressing remediation as far as the superfund sites – those types of priorities … REUTERS: There have been reports about the EPA launching what has been called a red team-blue team review of climate change science. Can you tell us more about this?  Will this lead to a re-evaluation of the 2009 endangerment finding that carbon dioxide endangers human health? PRUITT: I’m thinking about it. Steve Koonin, professor at NYU, did a very exciting piece in the Wall Street Journal called Red Team Blue Team. I scheduled time with Steve in my office the week that article came out. I didn’t know it was coming out… So Steve and I were meeting about some other things, and we didn’t really focus on that, but I took the opportunity to talk to him about it and … we’re considering it. I think the American people deserve and honest, open, transparent discussion. What do we know? What don’t we know? Does it pose an existential threat, what can be done about it? etc… There are lots of questions that have not been asked and answered. Who better to do that than a group of scientists? Red team scientists and blue team scientists getting together and having a robust discussion about that for all the world to see. So, I’m not a scientist, I’m an attorney. That does beg the question because there is a follow-up question to that, which is what can be done about it [climate change] that is statutory and legal? But as I’ve shared with senators in the confirmation process, Congress has never responded to this issue. If you ask people that amended the Clean Air Act in 1990, including [former Michigan Democratic] Congressman Dingle, he is endlessly quoted as saying that if you try to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act of 1990 that it would create “a glorious mess.” So the Clean Air Act was truly set up to address local and regional air pollutants. So, you hear often about the regulation of GHG and CO2, but there has to be a determination of what can be done. What are the tools in the toolbox? If the tools are not in the toolbox to address this issue, I can’t, and this agency can’t, just simply make it up. We can’t re-imagine authority. The past administration tried to do that with its Clean Power Plan. It was extraordinary what the Supreme Court did [in its 2014 ruling on the Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA case. The court backed the EPA’s ability to regulate greenhouse gases from mobile and stationary sources but threw out its “tailoring rule,” which revised the statutory thresholds for requiring federal air permits for greenhouse gases.]  It said a lot. It said the authority the previous administration was trying to say that they had in regulating carbon dioxide wasn’t there. So there are two parts to this question: what do we know/what don’t we know? And two, what is the response…the statutory response? The red team blue team is intended to be a response that provides answers to the American people… the American people deserve, in my view, an open transparent honest discussion about this issue…. So we are contemplating being a part of that process. REUTERS: The consensus has been overwhelming that climate change has been caused by human beings… PRUITT: That’s not the question.  It is not a question about whether the climate is warming. It is not a question about whether human activity contributes to it. It is a question about how much we contribute to it? How do we measure that with precision? And by the way, are we on an unsustainable path? And what harm...is it causing an existential threat? There is another great piece in the New York Times by Brett Stephens, I think it was, that talked about the climate of complete certainty. His whole premise is that there is a basis of consensus we know but the politicians have done what? Created an elasticity approach. They’ve stretched it so far that it’s reached a point where the credibility is being strained. That article, along with the red-team blue-team, I think those book-end this approach where we have a discussion about that. Some of the blue team scientists – they say oh we are not going to participate in that. Why not? Why don’t you want to participate? It’s like the New York Yankees according to them. It’s like the New York Yankees playing a Little League team. If you’re going to win and if you’re so certain about it, come and do your deal. They shouldn’t be scared of the debate and discussion. That’s what science is all about. That’s what scientific debate is about. Let’s get red team scientists in. Let’s get blue team scientists in. Let’s let them question one another. That would be exciting to see. REUTERS: But what would it look like? PRUITT: It’s in its formative stages. The idea is a good idea because it’s an idea that advances science. It advances discussion. It advances transparency. It advances for the American people to consume and participate through this debate because there is not consensus on this issue. How do we know that? There has been no policy response. That’s why we haven’t seen Congress act because there has been such a question. It’s not a question about whether warming is happening or whether we are contributing to it. That’s not what we are debating. It’s how much? To what degree? The precision of measurement. Does it pose a meaningful threat? Is it unsustainable? There is a host of questions that will be asked and answered during the process. It’s exciting.  REUTERS: But how would this be brought to the public? Would you put it on television? PRUITT: “I think so. I think so. I mean, I don’t know yet, but you want this to be open to the world. You want this to be on full display. I think the American people would be very interested in consuming that. I think they deserve it.” REUTERS: How do you guarantee the objectivity of scientists? Make sure there are no conflicts of interest? PRUITT: That’s why the red team blue team matters. Steve modeled this after national security and defense [exercises] - they kind of check one another. There is a consumption, an evaluation and interpretation. They will check one another.   REUTERS: Congress hasn’t legislated on the endangerment finding. Will this scientific review lead to a review of the endangerment finding? PRUITT: You have the 2007 Massachusetts vs. EPA ruling which most people misinterpret. Mass vs. EPA didn’t say to the EPA that you must regulate CO2. What Mass vs. EPA said is that you must make a decision whether you regulate or not. You can’t just simply not make a decision. That was whole thing about Mass vs. EPA. And then what happened in post script. What happened post script was in 2009 with the endangerment finding but that was for mobile sources. That’s another thing that important. The endangerment funding was focused on mobile sources –cars – and section 111 [of the Clean Air Act]– what the [Obama administration] Clean Power Plan dealt with – was stationary sources. And they are separate requirements under section 111 of the Clean Air Act. There are a lot of process/ legal-related issues here that the previous administration didn’t comply with. But the endangerment finding is only on the mobile side. When I say Congress hasn’t responded, you’ve had a court case and an endangerment finding and then you’ve had an agency engage in regulatory response – by the way using tools currently in the Clean Air Act – and failed twice. They tried to respond to the endangerment finding by regulating under section 111 and failed and failed with the UARG decision (with the tailoring rule). So the question is begged – what are the tools in the toolbox? I talked about that in my confirmation hearing. I’ve talked about that with individual senators. It’s something that Congress has to ask and answer. We have no authority except that which Congress gives us. We can’t just simply make it up. The previous administration made it up with WOTUS [the Waters of the United States act]. They re-imagined authority in defining the Waters of the United States to include things that included dry creek beds and puddles. It just went too far and the sixth circuit struck that down or put a stay in place and did the same with CO2. This Supreme Court has been very, very clear that this agency, like any other agency in the federal government, can’t simply re-imagine authority and a large authority beyond the statutory text. The scientific review – the red team blue team discussion – is intended to have an open transparent debate about something that is a policy issue that is extremely important in this country that is not taking place. The endangerment finding in 2009 was based on IPCC [United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change] information not on the science of this agency. The red team blue team is intended to provide that type of vehicle, mechanism, to have an open debate, discussion. REUTERS: So you might take a look at the endangerment finding? PRUITT: That’s not what this is about. What this is about is exactly what I described. REUTERS: Let’s move on to the California waiver, which allows California to set its own more stringent emissions standards for vehicles. Is that something the EPA will review or change? PRUITT: It’s not under review right now. REUTERS: Will you review it in the future? PRUITT: The governor of California and I have traded correspondence with respect to California’s role – very important. Congress has recognized it. They were regulating air quality before the Clean Air Act was adopted in 1972, which is why the California waiver exists. We’ve reached out to the California governor as part of our CAFE midterm review in 2018. I’m hopeful that the state of California, the governor there, will respond with reciprocity and we are working through that process. REUTERS: Are there any meetings taking place now with automakers? PRUITT: I don’t know what conversations have taken place between automakers and California. The president and I were in Detroit announcing that the midterm review was going to take place when it should have taken place which is April of 2018, which is 16 months early, which occurred January this year. We restored process there and order there. We’re going through the process now and we’ve reached out to California and believe that it is important to have a holistic discussion with California and we’re optimistic that they will respond with reciprocity. REUTERS: On the Renewable Fuel Standard- How seriously is the EPA taking the proposal by Trump advisor and billionaire investor Carl Icahn to move the point of obligation? PRUITT: As you know, 18,000 comments were submitted. That was actually the process that began late in the last administration. We are still reviewing those comments. But the RFS is something – look, it’s a statute that Congress has passed. And Congress – I take seriously the importance of enforcing a statute that Congress has passed and there are some challenges to that statute as you know. there are targets that have been put in prescriptively in the statute such as billions of gallons of cellulosic being blended into the fuel supply when I think the last numbers we had as far as produced numbers are around 190 million that’s actually production. That’s a problem and it makes it tough administering the statute. I think whatever waiver authority we use we use it judiciously. Tied to production and actual market demand. Our job is to fulfill the objectives as best as possible of the statute and we’re going to do that. The RVOs [renewable volume obligations] were supposed to be published every year in November. The past administration didn’t do that timely.  We are. We are going to have those out in November. We’re on path to do that which is very good for people across the country to know what is expected of them. That’s going to be done timely. We just released our proposed volume numbers and the preamble and in the language of the RVOs we talked about production demand market realities with respect to those advanced fuels. We are seeking to do our job there in a very meaningful way. There is a lot of discussion on Capitol Hill about the statute and perhaps a bipartisan approach to update the statute because it actually expires in 2022 and so there’s a lot of discussion about trying to update the statute. It’s well received here and I encourage Congress to continue that. REUTERS: What is your strategy with your legal defense of your moves to undo the Obama era rules? The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals last week denied your bid to delay the Obama administration’s regulations on methane. PRUITT: There are various authorities. That (methane case) was a case about our authority to stay certain rules. That’s distinct from withdrawing rules. On WOTUS [the Waters of the United States rule] we’ve actually proposed a withdrawal. I signed that on June 27 on energy dominance week. I think that our section 307 stay that we used there was because we were up against the compliance time and try to use authority that we thought was well established. We are going to respond to that accordingly. But going forward… I think it was a case focused on the facts of that particular case. I don’t think it says anything to us with respect to authority we have to stay under section 705 of the administrative procedures act or section 307 of the Clean Air Act. Those are well established procedures we have. We will use them accordingly as necessary. That’s what we are doing on the Clean Power Plan. We have a proposed rule to withdraw the CPP. What comes next is yet to be determined but what we do know with regards to that particular rule is that SCOTUS has issued a stay against it which means there is a likelihood of success on the merits as far as it being inconsistent with statutory authority and so it’s not wise of this agency to use resources to advance the defense of a rule that maybe deficient. We are going to withdraw that and see what our authority is- the tools in the toolbox on that particular issue. REUTERS: On Paris and climate change, polls show younger people are more supportive of U.S leadership on climate change. How do you explain your decision to a younger generation? PRUITT: That’s not what Paris was about.  I get what you’re saying but here’s the deal though. It was not about whether the U.S. is going to continue leading on reducing our CO2 footprint because Paris didn’t actually do that. Paris was a bumper sticker. Go back and read the articles about the criticism that was levied on the environmental left. They were very critical and dismissive of the Paris agreement. You know why? Because China didn’t have to do anything until 2030 and India conditioned all of their obligations upon receiving two and a half trillion dollars of aid. Russia, India and China contributed 0 dollars to the Green Climate Fund. People have short memories there. We are already at pre 94 levels and we exited Kyoto in 2001 and from 2000 to 2014 we reduced our CO2 foot print by 18 plus percent. That’s better than others across the globe. When people really want action and meaningful outcomes with regards to this, we are doing it.  We are at pre-1994 levels. Paris was not in my view – it shouldn’t be symbolic or optical with respect to whether progress or no progress is being made in CO2 reduction. REUTERS: What do you think about the argument some major fossil fuel companies like Exxon and Cloud Peak Energy (coal company) made that it is better for the US to remain in the Paris agreement because it gives them a competitive advantage? I don’t understand that argument. I just simply don’t understand that argument because if they are saying that the technology that is being developed domestically that we are not going to be able to export and other countries will be interested in? Where is the evidence of that? China is still building coal facilities to the tune of almost one a day. They had 800 planned and they have scaled that back. India is going to continue burning coal.  What we ought to be doing is exporting technology and innovation to help them do it cleaner. It is not the job of this agency and it shouldn’t be the job of any regulatory body to force or pick winners and losers in the energy mix. We need fuel diversity as far as the generation of electricity because you can only get so much natural gas through the pipelines. So if there is an attack on your infrastructure with regards to the pipes and how natural gas is delivered to generate electricity, what do you do? You have to have a solid amount of hydrocarbons – coal stored on site – that allows you to address peak demand. If GDP growth is going to continue at 3 percent, then you’ve got to have [fuel] diversity- it’s energy security across the board. It’s unwise in business to have one client or two clients. It’s unwise in electricity to have one source or two sources. In Oklahoma – 18 percent of our electricity is wind generated. This is an all of the above approach and EPA should not get in the business of foisting upon the markets decisions to say don’t burn fossil fuels. The past administration was unapologetic. That’s not what regulation should be about. Now Paris? Paris was a bad business deal for this country at the end of the day. It put us at an economic disadvantage. The US has never been about agreeing to targets. In this case, 26 - 28 percent [**the U.S. pledge for emissions reductions under the Paris agreement] in this instance. Every rule that the previous administration adopted…Their entire climate action plan – fell 40 percent short. It was failed from the very beginning. So why did they go to Paris and agree to 26-28 percent targets? Because it provided exposure domestically. Third party groups – NGOs – could sue this agency and say you need to do more under section 115 of the Clean Air Act [a section of the CAA that enables the United States to work cooperatively with other nations to address trans-boundary air pollution].  So there was legal exposure and we were already leading the world with respect to CO2 reduction. To interpret the president – who said by the way engagement, renegotiate or another agreement – but the Paris agreement is bad for this country and doesn’t achieve good environmental outcomes. We have nothing to be apologetic about with regards to what we are already going. It was absolutely a decision of courage and fortitude and truly represented an America First strategy with respect to how we are leading on this issue. Germany is burning more coal. REUTERS: Didn’t the US position on Paris isolate the United States at G20? PRUITT: The past administration was all about words. This administration is all about action. Look at the actions this country has taken. We have reduced our greenhouse gas levels to pre 1994 levels primarily through technology and innovation, not through government mandate. We have nothing to be apologetic about with the rest of the world. And if we really want to do something about reducing the CO2 footprint, then hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling need to be exported to China and India and Europe because that has created the greatest reduction in CO2. And nuclear. Why is Germany going away from nuclear? They are abolishing their nuclear portfolio and increasing what? Their CO2 emissions. Why doesn’t anyone talk to chancellor Merkel about that? REUTERS: Do you ever talk to your kids about climate change? Do they agree with you? PRUITT: My kids are wonderfully talented individuals and their world view is wonderful. They look at these issues in a smart way and I think they would probably echo the things that I have shared. ",1
2817,Trump-Russia revelations raise hopes for U.S. sanctions bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump’s son and a Russian attorney, and the failure to disclose it, add new urgency to the push to pass a Russian sanctions bill that has been stalled in Congress, lawmakers and aides said on Tuesday. “What happened with Donald Trump Jr. just underscores how Russia was operating,” said Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Cardin said the bill should have been passed because of Russian interference in last year’s U.S. elections, occupation of parts of Ukraine and Georgia and support of the Syrian government. The Senate backed the sanctions legislation by 98-2 on June 15 but it has been stuck in the House of Representatives, amid partisan squabbling between Republicans and Democrats. Trump’s relationship with Russia has been in particularly sharp focus this month because he had his first meeting last week with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Some Democrats had accused Trump’s fellow Republicans of stalling the sanctions package at least until after that meeting, to please the president. Republicans denied that. House Republican leaders initially rejected the bill for procedural reasons, prompting the Senate to tweak it. But Democrats then objected to a change by the Senate that they said weakened the bill by making it more difficult for the House to vote on any change in sanctions policy by Trump. AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for House Speaker Paul Ryan, said Democrats still were objecting to moving the bill in its current form. But both Republican and Democratic House aides said talks between the two parties were continuing and there was a decent chance for a quick compromise, more so because of the latest revelations about Trump’s eldest son. Donald Trump Jr. eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he believed was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House nominee Hillary Clinton, as part of Moscow’s official support for his father, according to emails released on Tuesday. “It certainly does not help the administration at this point,” a senior Republican House aide said. Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 House Democrat, predicted that the matter would be cleared up quickly and brought to the floor for a vote this week. The Russia package, written as an amendment to an Iran sanctions bill, puts into law sanctions previously established through presidential executive order, including some on Russian energy projects and debt financing. It also imposes sanctions on Russians convicted of human rights abuses or cyber attacks and would allow new sanctions on Russian mining, metals, shipping and railways. Trump administration officials have been meeting with lawmakers to argue against some parts of the bill, including the requirement that Trump obtain Congress’ permission before easing any sanctions. They also objected to the fact that many of the sanctions are mandatory, meaning Trump could not waive them for national security reasons. “This is more about foreign policy and having the flexibility to negotiate with other countries,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a daily briefing. But many of Trump’s fellow Republicans said they wanted to move ahead nonetheless to send a strong message to Russia. “Any administration would prefer to conduct foreign policy 100 percent without involvement by Congress. That’s just the way life is,” said Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, will introduce his own Russia sanctions legislation in the House if the Senate bill remains stalled, a source familiar with his thinking said. Royce’s thinking was first reported by Politico. ",1
2818,Trump administration limits government use of Kaspersky Lab software,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Tuesday removed Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab from two lists of approved vendors used by government agencies to purchase technology equipment, amid concerns the cyber security firm’s products could be used by the Kremlin to gain entry into U.S. networks. The delisting represents the most concrete action taken against Kaspersky following months of mounting suspicion among intelligence officials and lawmakers that the company may be too closely connected to hostile Russian intelligence agencies accused of cyber attacks on the United States. Kaspersky products have been removed from the U.S. General Services Administration’s list of vendors for contracts that cover information technology services and digital photographic equipment, an agency spokeswoman said in a statement. The action was taken “after review and careful consideration,” the spokeswoman said, adding that GSA’s priorities “are to ensure the integrity and security of U.S. government systems and networks.” Government agencies will still be able to use Kaspersky products purchased separate from the GSA contract process. Kaspersky’s anti-virus software is popular in the United States and around the world, and the firm has been a leading player in the cyber security market for decades.  In a statement, Kaspersky Lab said it had not received any updates from GSA or any other U.S. government agency regarding its vendor status. “Kaspersky Lab has no ties to any government, and the company has never helped, nor will help, any government in the world with its cyberespionage efforts,” the company said. It added that it had been “caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight where each side is attempting to use the company as a pawn in their political game.”  The delisting was done the same day that ABC News reported the Trump administration was considering implementing a broader ban that would block agencies from using Kaspersky software. Last month the Senate Armed Services Committee passed a defense spending policy bill that would ban Kaspersky products from use in the military. The move came a day after the FBI interviewed several of the company’s U.S. employees at their private homes as part of a counterintelligence investigation into its operations. In May senior U.S. intelligence officials said in testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee that they were reviewing government use of software from Kaspersky Lab. Lawmakers raised concerns that Moscow might use the firm’s products to attack American computer networks, a particularly sensitive issue given allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia hacked and leaked emails of Democratic Party political groups to interfere in the 2016 presidential election campaign. Russia denies the allegations. ",1
2819,Trump seen replacing Yellen at Fed with NEC's Cohn: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is increasingly unlikely to nominate Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen next year for a second term, and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn is the leading candidate to succeed her, Politico reported on Tuesday, citing four people close to the process. Politico said sources in the White House, the Treasury Department and on Capitol Hill said that if Cohn decides he wants the job, he is likely to get it. “It’s Gary’s if he wants it, and I think he wants it,” Politico quoted one Republican whom it said was close to the selection process as saying. A few Senate Republicans may express reservations about Cohn but he would probably receive widespread support, a senior congressional Republican aide said, according to Politico.  In response to a query from Reuters, White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom said: “Gary is focused on his responsibilities at the NEC.”  Cohn, a Democrat and former Goldman Sachs president, did not work on Trump’s campaign and only got to know him after the November election. Yellen took over from Ben Bernanke as Fed chair in February 2014 with the U.S. economic recovery from the 2008 financial crisis still on shaky ground. She has made no secret she puts a priority on growth in jobs and wages and a broad recovery in U.S. household wealth. Yellen begins two days of congressional testimony on Wednesday on the Fed’s semi-annual report on the state of the U.S. economy. Under her leadership the Fed has pared the massive stimulus it put in place to counteract the 2007-2009 financial crisis and begun raising interest rates. Later this year Yellen expects to begin trimming the Fed’s $4.5 trillion balance sheet in a gradual and predictable manner.  “I do think the Fed’s trying to set a course toward normalization that won’t be knocked out by a new Fed chair,” said Eric Stein, co-director of global income at Eaton Vance. Still, Cohn would be a very different kind of leader than Yellen or her immediate predecessor, Ben Bernanke, both of whom hold doctorates in economics.  Cohn began his career at Goldman as a commodities trader in 1990.  “He has more knowledge of financial markets than almost any Fed chair would have and less of a monetary policy background,” Stein said.  During last year’s election campaign, Trump accused Yellen of accepting orders from then-President Barack Obama to keep interest rates low for political reasons, and he said he would replace her as Fed chair because she is not a Republican Party member. But in an interview with The Wall Street Journal in April, Trump said Yellen was “not toast” and that he respected her. A Fed spokeswoman had no comment on the Politico story.  Yellen has said she plans to serve out her full four-year term as chair, which runs through Feb. 3.  Cohn would join several other Goldman alumni around the Fed policymaking table, including New York Fed President William Dudley, Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari and Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan.        ",1
2820,Republicans strike back at new U.S. ban on forced arbitration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans lawmakers on Tuesday started trying to kill a brand-new U.S. rule prohibiting banks and credit card companies from requiring customers who open new accounts to sign an agreement that they will not join a group lawsuit in the event of a dispute. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Monday finalized the new rule banning “mandatory arbitration clauses” requiring consumers to forego class-action suits and instead settle disputes in negotiations overseen by arbitrators frequently hired by companies. The rule immediately ran into fierce opposition by Wall Street and Republicans who control both Congress and the White House. They have long criticized the consumer agency, which is run by a Democrat, Richard Cordray. Senator Tom Cotton, a member of the Banking Committee, has already announced he is drafting a resolution to kill the rule. His fellow Republican Senator Pat Toomey, chair of the subcommittee on financial institutions and consumer protection, said he is considering a similar step.  Republican lawmakers plan to eliminate the rule, using a law that allows Congress to undo new regulations with simple majority votes in both chambers and a signature from the president. Analysts and consumer advocates have said the agency’s rule may survive the Congressional challenge. Still, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is contemplating a legal challenge and Trump administration officials are also looking at ways to kill the rule. Isaac Boltansky, a policy analyst for the investment firm Compass Point Research & Trading, said the rule has a slightly better than 50 percent chance of surviving in Congress. Joe Valenti, who tracks the issue for the liberal-leaning Center for American Progress, said the House of Representatives was unified against the rule, which opponents have argued benefits class-action lawyers, not consumers. “It comes down to the Senate,” said Valenti, noting that the rule would survive if only three Republicans in that chamber switched sides. That is possible, said Ed Mierzwinksi, the consumer program director for the U.S. Public Interest Research Groups. He noted that Senate Republicans have struggled to gather enough votes for majorities and the calendar is swollen with pressing legislation and confirmation hearings. In addition, Mierzwinksi said, senators may be leery of appearing to side with Wall Street against consumers. He noted that Wells Fargo & Co used clauses in its account-opening agreements to block customers from suing over its phantom account scandal. Supporters of the rule say mandatory arbitration denies citizens their day in court and is rigged in favor of big firms. They say litigants banding together in a class-action lawsuit have a better chance of getting companies to answer publicly for illegal activities and that fears of such a suit can discourage law breaking. The consumer protection agency wrote the rule after conducting a lengthy, multi-year study of the issue. Opponents of the rule say the study is flawed and that arbitration is cheaper and faster than class-action lawsuits and produces better awards for consumers. The Chamber is exploring a prompt legal challenge to the rule, said Matt Webb, senior vice president for its legal reform institute. Another possible challenge could come from the acting comptroller of the currency, Keith Noreika. He is laying groundwork to invoke an untested provision of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law that allows the council of the country’s top financial regulators to nullify a consumer agency rule if they decide it threatens the safety and soundness of the banking system. Rohit Chopra, senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America and former CFPB assistant director, said a lawsuit will probably fail because the law says the agency can restrict arbitration as long as it hews to its study.  He said the Dodd-Frank provision that the comptroller’s office is looking at was meant to keep risks to the financial system at bay.  “To suggest that this rule would cause a financial crisis is ridiculous on its face,” he said. ",1
2821,Senate panel sets hearing for Trump tax nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday set a July 18 confirmation hearing for David Kautter, President Donald Trump’s nominee for a top tax policy job at the U.S. Treasury. If approved by the panel and confirmed by the full Senate, Kautter would become assistant Treasury secretary for tax policy, a position seen as crucial to implementing the tax reform legislation that Trump and his Republican allies in Congress have promised to unveil later this year. Kautter, a former Senate legislative aide, was most recently a tax partner at the firm RSM, which provides tax and audit services. He was also director of American University’s Kogod Tax Center and had a long career at the audit and consulting firm Ernst & Young LLP.   “This hearing will provide members with the opportunity to learn first-hand how Mr. Kautter will work with Congress to advance pro-growth tax reform,” Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said in a statement.  ",1
2822,Prosecutors argue against prison time for New Jersey 'Bridgegate' mastermind,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The mastermind of the “Bridgegate” lane closure scandal that helped torpedo New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s presidential bid should not be sentenced to prison due to his cooperation, U.S. prosecutors said in a court document filed on Tuesday. David Wildstein, who helped the government convict two former Christie associates after he pleaded guilty in 2015, is set to be sentenced in federal court in Newark on Wednesday. Wildstein, 55, admitted overseeing a scheme to shut down access lanes at the busy George Washington Bridge in 2013 to create massive traffic gridlock as punishment for a local Democratic mayor who refused to endorse Christie’s reelection campaign. U.S. prosecutors charged Wildstein, former Christie deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and a former executive of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Bill Baroni, with concocting the plot. The Port Authority supervises operations for the George Washington Bridge, which connects Manhattan and New Jersey and is one of the world’s busiest crossings.     Christie, who has denied any involvement, was not charged. But the fallout dogged his bid for the Republican nomination for president in 2016 and has contributed to his current record-low approval rating of 15 percent in New Jersey. Wildstein pleaded guilty to conspiracy in 2015 and agreed to cooperate with authorities, eventually appearing as the star witness at Kelly and Baroni’s trial for eight days of testimony. “Put simply, were it not for Wildstein’s decision to cooperate and disclose the true nature of the lane reductions, there likely would have been no prosecutions related to the bridge scheme,” U.S. prosecutors wrote in arguing that Wildstein should receive probation but no prison time. Kelly and Baroni were sentenced to 1-1/2 and two years in prison, respectively. Wildstein testified at trial that he and Baroni joked with Christie about the traffic jams caused by the lane closures as they were occurring, an assertion that Christie and Baroni both denied. He also told jurors that he and Baroni used the Port Authority as a “goody bag” to dole out favors to local officials in exchange for support for Christie’s re-election. In a court submission made public on Tuesday, Wildstein’s lawyer also requested probation, noting that Wildstein voluntarily met with investigators at the start of their probe. “Mr. Wildstein remains alone in taking responsibility for his role in the George Washington Bridge lane realignment issue, even though others were clearly involved,” Alan Zegas wrote. ",1
2823,House intel committee wants Trump Jr. to appear before panel: top Democrat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House Intelligence Committee wants Donald Trump Jr. to appear before the panel to answer questions about his meeting last year with a Russian lawyer who he believed had information damaging to Hillary Clinton, the committee’s top Democrat said on Tuesday. Representative Adam Schiff told reporters the committee also wants to interview everyone connected to the June 2016 meeting, which included Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner and former campaign manager Paul Manafort. ",1
2824,"Trump, France's Macron to discuss Syria and terrorism during Paris visit","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss Syria and counterterrorism when he meets with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris later this week, a White House official said on Tuesday. Trump was invited to France to celebrate July 14 Bastille Day festivities. During his trip, Trump and Macron will also hold a bilateral meeting and participate in a joint news conference.  “I would characterize the relationship between the two of them as being very positive,” the White House official said. “There are some issues where we see the world a little bit differently, but many issues where we see the world more or less the same.” ",1
2825,"Senior U.S., Russian diplomats to meet in Washington next week","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon will meet with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov in Washington next week, the State Department spokeswoman said on Tuesday. The meeting is set for Monday. Russia canceled an earlier meeting between the two senior diplomats last month after the United States added 38 individuals and organizations to its list of those sanctioned over Russian activities in Ukraine. “We’re pleased to have the meeting on the books,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters on Tuesday. ",1
2826,Senate to vote on healthcare bill next week: Republican leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that the Senate would vote on a bill to roll back Obamacare next week and then move on to other legislative business. “We’re going to do health care next week,” McConnell told reporters after a Senate Republican luncheon, adding that he hoped to have a fresh analysis of the legislation from the Congressional Budget Office at the beginning of next week. ",1
2827,Healthcare disagreements roil U.S. Senate Republicans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican senators returned to Washington on Monday following a 10-day holiday recess still at odds with one another over legislation President Donald Trump wants passed to repeal major portions of Obamacare. With only three weeks left before a summer recess scheduled to stretch until Sept. 5, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell appeared determined to keep trying to find agreement on a partisan, all-Republican bill. If he cannot, he will be faced with giving up on a seven-year Republican promise to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare - and possibly turning to Democrats for help in fixing problems with U.S. health insurance markets. The Republican legislation would phase out the Obamacare expansion of Medicaid health insurance for the poor and disabled, sharply cut federal Medicaid spending beginning in 2025, repeal most of Obamacare’s taxes, end a penalty on Americans who do not obtain insurance and overhaul Obamacare’s subsidies to help people buy insurance with tax credits. Democrats call the Republican legislation a giveaway to the rich that would hurt millions of the most vulnerable Americans. Since the start of 2017, when they took control of the White House, Republicans who also control Congress have been struggling over how to replace former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislation - which they see as  government intrusion - with less comprehensive federal healthcare provisions. Conservative Republican Senator Ted Cruz favors offering a choice of cheaper healthcare plans that would not have to meet minimum standards established by Obamacare, such as coverage for maternity care and prescription drugs. Moderate Republican Senator Susan Collins dismissed that approach on Monday, telling reporters: “I believe that it would cause further destabilization of the individual (insurance) market, it would erode protections for people with pre-existing conditions” and cause premiums to rise. Earlier on Monday, Trump used Twitter to prod Republican senators to pass a bill, and senior lawmakers, including the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, said legislation could advance to votes next week in the deeply divided chamber.  “I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!” tweeted Trump, who made repealing and replacing Obamacare a central pledge of his 2016 campaign. The Republican-controlled House of Representatives approved its healthcare bill in May, knowing the Senate would amend it. Republican Senator John Hoeven of North Dakota told reporters he was worried about how rural hospitals would be treated in the Senate bill, which is being assembled in secret. He said lawmakers were awaiting an assessment of a retooled Senate bill from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office before making decisions. Senior Republican Orrin Hatch said he did not yet know whether the minimum 50 Republican senators would come together on a bill, with Vice President Mike Pence casting the potential tiebreaking vote. Democratic leader Chuck Schumer wrote to McConnell urging a bipartisan effort to stabilize the health insurance market, noting that McConnell had been quoted recently as saying Congress would need to shore up that market if lawmakers fail to repeal Obamacare. The U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services issued data on Monday showing a 38 percent decrease in applications by insurers to sell health plans in the Obamacare individual market in 2018 compared with this year. Scores of protesters voiced opposition to the legislation outside Republican National Committee headquarters and at the offices of some Republican lawmakers, chanting slogans including “Trumpcare kills” and “Healthcare is a human right.”  U.S. Capitol Police said 80 people were arrested. (For a graphic on who's covered under Medicaid, click bit.ly/2u3O2Mu) ",1
2828,U.S. Senate Republican leader delays Senate's August recess,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday announced a delay in the Senate’s planned August recess until the third week of the month to provide more time to work on legislation and approve nominees. “In order to provide more time to complete action on important legislative items and process nominees that have been stalled by a lack of cooperation from our friends across the aisle, the Senate will delay the start of the August recess until the third week of August,” McConnell said in a statement. ",1
2829,Senate intel panel to seek testimony from Trump Jr.: Senate source,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Senate’s intelligence committee is seeking documents from Donald Trump Jr. and intends to call on him to testify before lawmakers, a Senate source told Reuters on Tuesday after Trump Jr. released an email chain citing Russian support for his father before last year’s U.S. election. The source said there is no date set yet to hear testimony from U.S. President Donald Trump’s eldest son, and that the committee is in the process of sending Trump Jr. its request for information.  ",1
2830,Trump Jr. emails suggest he welcomed Russian help against Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father, according to emails released on Tuesday. The emails, released by Donald Trump Jr., are the most concrete evidence yet that Trump campaign officials welcomed Russian help to win the election, a subject that has cast a cloud over Trump’s presidency and spurred investigations by the Justice Department and Congress. The messages show that the younger Trump was open to the prospect of “very high level and sensitive information” from a Russian attorney that a go-between described as “part of Russia and its government’s support for Mr. Trump” ahead of a meeting on June 9, 2016.  ""If it's what you say I love it,"" Trump Jr. responded. He released the messages on Twitter after the New York Times said it planned to write about them and sought comment from him. (bit.ly/2uapeCK and bit.ly/2ua9hwg)     In an interview with Fox News, Trump Jr. said that Trump’s campaign manager at the time, Paul Manafort, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, now a top White House adviser, also attended the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who denies having Kremlin ties. He said Veselnitskaya did not provide any damaging information about Clinton at the meeting and instead sought to discuss Russian sanctions. “In retrospect, I probably would have done things a little differently,” he said. “For me, this was opposition research.” Nevertheless, the correspondence between him and Rob Goldstone, a publicist who arranged the meeting, could provide fodder for U.S. investigators probing whether Trump’s campaign colluded with the Kremlin. “The crown prosecutor of Russia ... offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father,” Goldstone wrote Trump Jr. on June 3. Russia does not have a “crown prosecutor” - the equivalent title is prosecutor general. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow sought to help Trump win the election, in part by releasing private emails from Democratic Party officials. “The conversation will now turn to whether President Trump was personally involved or not. But the question of the campaign’s involvement appears settled now,” Cornell Law School professor Jens David Ohlin said in an interview. “The answer is yes.”  Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. Trump Jr. said he did not tell his father about the meeting. He said he may have since had contact with other Russians. “I’ve probably met with other people from Russia, but certainly not in the context of actual formalized meetings or anything,” he said on Fox News. The news jarred financial markets as investors worried it presented a fresh distraction from the administration’s economic agenda. Stocks and the dollar fell, while U.S. Treasury securities gained ground. Stocks later retraced most of their losses after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pledged to keep lawmakers in Washington longer than scheduled to push through a bill to overhaul healthcare. Along with his younger brother Eric, Trump Jr. oversees the Trump Organization, his father’s real-estate and business empire, and does not have a formal role in the White House. “My son is a high-quality person and I applaud his transparency,” Trump said in a statement. The White House referred questions to lawyers for Trump and his son. The emails do not appear to provide evidence of illegal activity, but legal experts say Trump Jr. could run into trouble if investigators find he aided a criminal action, such as hacking into Democratic computer networks, or violated campaign-finance laws by accepting gifts from foreign entities. He is likely to face scrutiny from both congressional committees investigating the matter.  The Senate Intelligence Committee plans to call on him to testify and to provide documents, according to a Senate source, while the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee wants to interview him and everybody else involved in the meeting, said the panel’s top Democrat, Representative Adam Schiff. “The American people need to know that our president is acting on their behalf and not acting because he has a fear that the Russians could disclose things that would harm him or his family,” Schiff told reporters. On Fox News, Trump Jr. said he was “more than happy to cooperate with everyone.” Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley, a Republican, asked the Trump administration how Veselnitskaya was able to enter the United States even though her authorization had expired. CNN reported that Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is heading a criminal investigation at the Justice Department, also planned to look into the meeting. Vice President Mike Pence, who has said the campaign had no contacts with Russia, said through a spokesman he was not aware of the meeting, held before he became Trump’s running mate later that summer. Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican who is at times harshly critical of Trump, told reporters: “This is very problematic. We cannot allow foreign governments to reach out to anybody’s campaign and say: ‘We’d like to help you.’” ",1
2831,Trump Jr. was told of Russian effort to help father's campaign: NY Times,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump Jr. was told in an email before meeting a Russian lawyer who he thought had material damaging to Hillary Clinton that it was part of a Russian government bid to aid his father’s presidential campaign, the New York Times said on Monday. Citing three people with knowledge of the email, the paper said publicist Rob Goldstone indicated in the message to U.S. President Donald Trump’s eldest son that the Russian government was the source of the potentially damaging information. Trump Jr did not indicate in a statement on Sunday that he had been told the lawyer might be a proxy for the Kremlin. The email is likely to be of interest to investigators examining whether any Trump associates colluded with the Russian government to sway last year’s election, the Times said. Trump Jr. hired a lawyer on Monday to represent him in the Russia-related investigations as prominent Republicans voiced concern about the meeting between the president’s son and a Russian. Allegations of the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia have cast a shadow over the Republican president’s first months in office and sparked investigations by congressional committees and a federal special counsel, Robert Mueller, into whether Russia interfered in the election and colluded with the Trump campaign.  Moscow denies interfering and Trump, who became president on Jan. 20, says there was no collusion. “It’s a very serious development,” Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC of the Times report. “It all warrants thorough investigation. Everyone who was in that meeting ought to come before our committee.” Trump Jr. hired New York lawyer Alan Futerfas, who specializes in criminal defense and whose clients have included alleged organized crime figures, a Russian computer hacker and white-collar criminals. “I look forward to assisting Donald Jr. and, quite frankly, there is nothing to all of the media buzz about the June 9th, 2016 meeting,” Futerfas told Reuters. “That will be proven to be the case.” Futerfas would not say when he was retained or whether he played any part in the statements Trump Jr. made during the weekend about his June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower in New York with a Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, during the presidential election campaign. Trump Jr. said he agreed to meet Veselnitskaya, described by the New York Times as having links to the Kremlin, after being promised damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.     Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Trump’s then-campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, also attended, the Times said. It called the encounter the first confirmed private meeting of members of Donald Trump’s inner circle with a Russian national during the campaign. A Republican member of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, Susan Collins, called on Trump Jr. to testify before the panel, which is looking into accusations of Russian meddling in the election. “Our intelligence committee needs to interview him and others who attended the meeting,” she told reporters at the U.S. Capitol. Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the intelligence panel, said it “absolutely” wanted to speak to Trump Jr. about the meeting. Warner said he and the Republican committee chairman, Richard Burr, would decide later whether to ask Trump Jr. to testify in public or in a classified setting. Burr would not say if the committee would talk to Trump Jr., but he told reporters the panel would look into the purpose of the meeting, who set it up and how the process unfolded before making a decision on who to interview. “The committee will see everybody we think has value,” Burr said. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said there was nothing inappropriate about the meeting with lawyer Veselnitskaya. “Don Junior took a very short meeting from which there was absolutely no follow-up,” Sanders told reporters. In Moscow, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Monday the Kremlin did not know the identity of the Russian lawyer. “No, we don’t know who it is and, certainly, we cannot track down all movements of all Russian lawyers both within Russia and abroad,” Peskov said.                    Goldstone said he arranged the meeting at the request of singer and businessman Emin Agalarov, a Moscow-based client of his. He told Trump Jr. the meeting was with a Russian lawyer who apparently claimed to have information regarding illegal campaign contributions to the Democratic National Committee.  ",1
2832,White House plays down Trump son's meeting with Russian lawyer last year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There was nothing inappropriate about a meeting President Donald Trump’s son had with a Russian attorney during the presidential campaign last year, the White House said on Monday, adding it was short and produced “absolutely no follow-up.” “The only thing I see inappropriate about the meeting was the people that leaked the information on the meeting after it was voluntarily disclosed,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a briefing, adding that it was routine during political campaigns for people to call offering information. “Don Junior took a very short meeting from which there was absolutely no follow-up,” Sanders said. ",1
2833,Senate intel committee Democrat wants to speak with Trump's son,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate intelligence committee’s top Democrat said on Monday he “absolutely” wants to speak to President Donald Trump’s son about a meeting he had during the campaign last year with a Russian attorney who has close ties to the Russian government. Senator Mark Warner told reporters he “absolutely, absolutely” wanted to speak to Donald Trump Jr., as well as anyone else who might have been involved with the meeting, including the singer-songwriter who asked a publicist to set it up. ",1
2834,Factbox: Donald Trump Jr.'s lawyer has experience with the mob and music,"(Reuters) - Alan Futerfas, the lawyer Donald Trump Jr. has hired to represent him in connection with Russia-related probes, has over 25 years experience in handling government investigations and criminal cases. John Moscow, a former assistant district attorney in Manhattan, described Futerfas as a “top-flight lawyer” who is both “high-powered and low-key.” Here are some facts about Futerfas: He became a top mob defense lawyer early on Miami-born Futerfas joined the law firm of veteran criminal defense lawyer Gerald Shargel after graduating from Yeshiva University’s Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York in 1987, and quickly became a partner. He left to form his own firm in 1994. In one of his biggest cases from that period, Futerfas won a new trial in 1997 for mob captain Anthony Russo after it was revealed that a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent may have  leaked information to fuel an organized crime war in the early 1990s. He expanded into white-collar cases Futerfas encountered Moscow in the early 2000s case against former Tyco International chief executive L. Dennis Kozlowski. Futerfas represented Christine Berry, Kozlowski’s art consultant, in the sales tax avoidance investigation that led to the larger case over Kozlowski’s corporate “looting.” In 2010, he represented hedge fund group HFV Management in connection with a wide-ranging probe by the New York attorney general’s office into corruption in the state’s pension fund.   He has also handled cybercrime cases Futerfas is defending Ziv Orenstein, one of three Israelis charged by federal prosecutors with hacking into JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and the Wall Street Journal (NWSA.O), among other rtargets, as part of a massive “pump and dump” scheme. Orenstein pleaded not guilty.  Another client of Futerfas was Nikita Kuzmin, a Russian national who agreed last year to pay $6.9 million for creating computer malware that made users’ bank accounts vulnerable to cyber criminals. He worked one summer for a longtime lawyer to Donald Trump In the summer of 1985, while he was in law school, Futerfas worked for lawyer Jay Goldberg, who went on to become Trump’s divorce lawyer.  Futerfas said he did not come to Trump Jr. through Goldberg. He studied at Juilliard Futerfas earned his undergraduate degree from the prestigious performing arts school. He still plays bass trombone for the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony.  (Corrects paragraph 5 to “may have leaked” instead of “deliberately leaked”) ",1
2835,House panel to unveil self-driving car legislation soon: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Republicans expect to introduce bills later this week that would bar states from setting their own rules for self-driving cars and take other steps to remove obstacles to putting such vehicles on the road, a spokeswoman said. The legislative action comes as major automakers are joining forces with auto suppliers and other groups to prod Congress into action. Last month, a U.S. House of Representatives Energy and Commerce subcommittee held a hearing on a Republican draft package of 14 bills that would allow U.S. regulators to exempt up to 100,000 vehicles a year per manufacturer from federal motor vehicle safety rules that prevent the sale of self-driving vehicles without human controls. Blair Ellis, a spokeswoman for the committee, said on Monday it was likely that legislation would be introduced this week and a formal hearing on the bills would occur next week.  Republican U.S. Representative Robert Latta said last month he hoped to win committee approval of a bipartisan legislative package by the end of July. The draft measures would bar states from setting self-driving rules and prevent the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration from pre-approving self-driving car technologies. Democrats say the NHTSA must play a more aggressive role in mandating self-driving car safety. The Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a group representing General Motors Co (GM.N), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and others, and the Association of Global Automakers, representing major foreign automakers including Honda Motor Co (7267.T) and Hyundai Motor Corp (005380.KS), are forming the Coalition for Future Mobility to press Congress to act. The group, which includes the Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Association, National Federation of the Blind and Securing America’s Future Energy, a group of corporate officials and retired military leaders, plans to begin airing radio ads on Tuesday portraying the legislation as “liberating innovation for self-driving vehicles.” GM, Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) and others have been lobbying Congress to pre-empt rules under consideration in California and other states that could limit self-driving vehicle deployment. The administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama last year unveiled voluntary guidelines on self-driving cars. President Donald Trump’s transportation secretary, Elaine Chao, has said she plans to quickly update those.   ",1
2836,Seattle lawmakers pass tax on highest earners; mayor eager to be sued,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - Seattle’s city council unanimously passed a pioneering income tax on the city’s highest earners on Monday, a measure that has become a clarion call for Democrats there even though it is likely to face a swift legal challenge over violating state law. The measure created a 2.25 percent tax rate on individuals earning above $250,000 and married couples jointly earning above $500,000. The tax will add roughly $140 million in new annual revenue and affect fewer than 20,000 residents in the city of more than 660,000, supporters say. The proposal has become a rallying cry for Democrats and activists in the liberal-leaning city who used local opposition to Republican President Donald Trump to advance long sought-after local policies. Washington is one of seven U.S. states without a tax on personal income, and no city in the state has an income tax. Supporters of the Seattle proposal, including Mayor Ed Murray, say the current tax code unfairly burdens poor and middle class residents because it relies on “regressive” taxes, such as taxes on property and sales transactions. Proponents say new revenue is needed to offset any potential drop in federal funding under the Trump administration. “Our goal is to replace our regressive tax system with a new formula for fairness, while ensuring Seattle stands up to President Trump’s austere budget that cuts transportation, affordable housing, healthcare, and social services,” Murray said by e-mail after the city council’s 9-0 vote. Earlier on Monday, Murray told a cheering crowd at a rally outside city hall he would sign the measure into law on Friday and welcomed a legal challenge. The campaign for the new tax on Seattle’s richest was launched earlier this year by Trump Proof Seattle, a coalition of community activists and residents. Proceeds from the tax could be used to pay for transit services and affordable housing, Murray said. The city has been grappling with soaring housing prices in recent years, fueled in part by the growth of online retailer Amazon.com, which is headquartered in downtown Seattle. Voters in Olympia, the state capital, rejected a similar tax on its highest earners last year. In 2010, Washington state voters rejected a state income tax at the ballot box. Jason Mercier, a director at the conservative Washington Policy Center, said Seattle’s tax conflicts with state law and court decisions. He said he expects the city to face a swift legal challenge after Murray signs the measure into law. “There’s something fundamentally wrong with elected officials passing a tax they know is against state law and the constitution with the hope of being sued and having a judge overturn prior decisions,” Mercier said.  State law blocks a county or city from levying a tax on “net” income, although net income is not defined in the statute. The Washington state Supreme Court has found that income is treated as property under the constitution and therefore has to be taxed uniformly and at no more than 1 percent of its value, Mercier said. ",1
2837,Trump Jr. told Russian government behind effort to help father's campaign: NY Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump Jr. was told prior to meeting a Russian lawyer whom he believed had information damaging to Hillary Clinton that the material was part of a Russian government effort to help his father’s presidential campaign, the New York Times reported on Monday, citing three people with knowledge of the email. Publicist Rob Goldstone, who helped broker the June 2016 meeting, sent the email to President Donald Trump’s eldest son, the Times said. Goldstone’s message indicates that the Russian government was the source of the potentially damaging information, according to the Times.  ",1
2838,Trump to nominate Quarles to be Fed's top banking regulator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump plans to nominate former Treasury official Randal Quarles to be the Federal Reserve’s top banking regulator, the White House said on Monday. If confirmed by the Senate, Quarles would be the first vice chair of supervision at the Fed, a role created after the 2008 financial crisis but never filled during the Obama administration. Quarles is viewed as an industry-friendly figure who will likely listen to banks that have complained about the impact of regulations implemented since the financial meltdown. His nomination has been widely expected since April. Former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo effectively ran banking supervision until he stepped down in February, overseeing a strict implementation of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law and administering rigorous “stress tests” annually to banks on how prepared they are to withstand unexpected shocks. Quarles currently runs a private investment firm that he founded, the Cynosure Group, from Salt Lake City, Utah. He was previously a partner at private equity firm the Carlyle Group. He was also under secretary for domestic finance at the Treasury under President George W. Bush and was the U.S. executive director of the International Monetary Fund. In an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal in March 2016, Quarles and Lawrence Goodman, another former U.S. Treasury official, argued against breaking up big banks because it would risk damaging the wider economy. He has also talked about refining Obama-era financial rules, introduced after the financial crisis. Quarles will be a central figure in pushing the Trump administration’s plans to loosen the leash put on Wall Street banks following the crisis.  Trump laid out his plans last month but he needs officials at key regulatory posts to carry out his agenda. He has gradually been nominating heads of financial agencies, but only Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton have been approved by Congress. Other agencies are either awaiting presidential picks or are operating under “acting” chiefs. Others have leaders appointed by Trump’s Democratic predecessor, President Barack Obama. ",1
2839,FBI director nominee Wray earned $9.2 million in law practice last year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s nominee to head the FBI earned $9.2 million last year as a partner in an international law firm, where he worked for clients ranging from Credit Suisse Group and Wells Fargo to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Disclosure forms produced for the Office of Government Ethics show Christopher Wray is also expected to receive millions more in payments when he leaves the King & Spalding law firm on his confirmation as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The forms and a letter from Assistant Attorney General Lee Lofthus, a designated ethics official for the Justice Department, were made public ahead of Wray’s confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday. Wray would succeed James Comey, whom Trump fired in May. Lofthus said in his letter that Wray would not receive a bonus, severance or contingency fees on leaving his firm but would receive a refund of his money in the firm’s capital account and a final partnership share distribution, unless he decided to forfeit it. To satisfy ethics concerns, Wray will not participate for one year in FBI matters that involve companies or people represented by his former law firm, Lofthus said in his letter. He also will not participate in matters involving his former clients for a year, unless he obtains a prior authorization. Wray’s financial disclosure forms show he provided legal services to a number of large international corporations, including Johnson & Johnson, Huntington Ingalls Industries, Georgia-Pacific and SunTrust Banks He also provided legal services to Christie during the “Bridgegate” scandal in which two of the Republican governor’s former associates were convicted of plotting to close down access lanes at the George Washington Bridge for nearly a week in 2013 in an act of political retribution. If he is confirmed, Wray will have 90 days to dispose of millions of dollars worth of stock he owns in firms ranging from Apple Inc and American Airlines to Wal-Mart and Exxon Mobil, Lofthus said.  Wray served at the U.S. Justice Department from 2003 to 2005 under Republican President George W. Bush as an assistant attorney general in charge of its criminal division and oversaw the department’s Enron task force. ",1
2840,Republican senator dismisses procedural claims on Russia sanctions bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Monday that if the House of Representatives does not pass a Russian sanctions bill, it is because members do not want to impose new sanctions, not because of a procedural issue cited by Republican leaders in the House.  “There is no issue, except do they want to pass a Russia sanctions bill or not,” Senator Bob Corker told reporters at the U.S. Senate. The Senate passed the sanctions measure by 98-2 on June 15, but it has been stalled in the House, where President Donald Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a larger majority than in the Senate. House Republican leaders insisted the delay was purely because the bill violated a constitutional requirement that legislation affecting government revenues must originate in the House, not the Senate. They also blamed Democrats for holding it up. Democrats, and some Republicans, scoffed. They said the bill could have been fixed and passed in the House in a matter of minutes. Trump administration officials said they disagree with provisions in the bill requiring the president to get Congress’ permission before easing any sanctions, and the fact that many of the new sanctions are mandatory, so that the president cannot opt to waive them for national security reasons. Some Republicans have also echoed concerns raised by U.S. energy firms and European governments that the legislation could complicate investment in Russian energy projects, and potentially cost industry jobs. Corker said the bill was written to allow the Trump administration to address energy-related issues. And he said any White House would prefer to conduct foreign policy without Congress, but the administration had not asked him to kill the bill. “No one has called me and said, ‘We don’t want this legislation to pass.’ That has never occurred,” Corker said. Lawmakers and aides said administration officials had held meetings in Congress in the past few weeks to express their concerns about the measure. The Senate passed the bill a second time by unanimous consent on June 29, with a “fix” to address the procedural issue, but it has still not been taken up by the House. House Republicans said on Monday that the Senate change had not satisfied the procedural concern and that the Senate would have to change it and vote again. ",1
2841,Trump to nominate financier Lewis Eisenberg to be ambassador to Italy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump plans to nominate financier Lewis Eisenberg to be ambassador to Italy, the White House said on Monday. Eisenberg is a co-founder and managing partner of Ironhill Investments and was chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey for six years, the White House said in a statement. He will need Senate confirmation to take up his post. ",1
2842,New rule requires U.S. banks to allow consumer class actions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. banks and credit card companies could be prevented from blocking customers from banding together to sue them under a rule released by the country’s consumer finance agency on Monday. In releasing the rule, which goes into full effect in eight months, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fired the first shot in a likely brutal political battle between Republicans and Democrats over regulators’ reach into banks’ workings and customer rights. Banks blasted the rule, which bars financial firms from forcing customers to agree to settle disputes only through arbitration as a condition of opening new accounts, but consumer advocates said it will make sure wronged customers have their day in court. “Mandatory arbitration” clauses that block customers from filing or joining a class-action lawsuit appear in contracts for a wide variety of products. The rule was proposed last year under former President Barack Obama, a Democrat who appointed the current director of the CFPB, Richard Cordray. Republicans now control both Congress and the White House, and are already looking into stopping it in its tracks. Just before the CFPB unveiled the final rule, Acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika wrote Cordray to raise “safety and soundness” concerns with a draft version he had read and asked the CFPB to share data it used in crafting the rule, according to a copy of the letter obtained by Reuters.  The CFPB did not share the final rule with him ahead of the announcement, according to an Office of the Comptroller of the Currency spokesman. In the letter, Noreika, appointed by Republican President Donald Trump, cited a section of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that allows his office to set aside possibly unsafe CFPB rules. Eliminating mandatory arbitration “could result in less effective consumer protection and remedies, while simply enriching class-action lawyers,” he wrote, adding the rule “may potentially decrease the products and services offered to consumers, while increasing their costs.” In the final rule, the bureau requires financial companies to give customers the option of arbitration or of banding together to sue in class actions. Companies must also provide redacted records of claims and awards reached through arbitration, which the CFPB will post on its website beginning in July 2019. Rule critics say class actions are costly, suck up time and result in lower awards for consumers. In recent months, they have worked to undo regulations barring the fine print from contracts for nursing-homes and for-profit colleges. Supporters say Americans have the right to take complaints to court, and group lawsuits are effective in publicly correcting bad corporate behavior. They say arbitrations are secretive and rigged in favor of companies. California may soon allow state residents to sue financial institutions after clauses inserted into Wells Fargo account-opening agreements blocked customers from suing over the bank’s creation of unauthorized accounts in their names. Calling the new CFPB rule “anti-consumer,” the Republican chair of the House Financial Services Committee, Representative Jeb Hensarling said Congress should reject it under the Congressional Review Act (CRA), which gives lawmakers power to kill newly minted regulations. The Consumer Bankers Association has already begun lobbying lawmakers to use the CRA on the rule, said its president Richard Hunt.  Cordray, too, told reporters on a call he expects Congress to look into nullifying the rule but questioned the level of support for the move. Congress has already banned mandatory arbitration clauses for mortgages and contracts involving members of the military, he said.     Meanwhile, one of Washington’s most powerful lobby groups and CFPB critics, the Chamber of Commerce, said it will “consider every approach to address our concerns,” which many interpreted as a threat to sue. ",1
2843,Pennsylvania governor to let state budget become law,"(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf said on Monday he would allow an unbalanced budget of just under $32 billion to become law at midnight after state lawmakers failed to agree on a plan to close a $2 billion deficit. Wolf had 10 days from June 30th to either sign or veto the legislation. He chose to let it become law automatically at midnight without his signature. The legislature approved the spending part of the budget June 30th, beating a July 1 deadline by just hours. However, Republicans, who dominate both houses of the legislature, were unable to agree on a way to close the budget gap. “In the coming days, it is my hope that the General Assembly will come together to pass a responsible solution to balance our books,” Wolf, a Democrat said in a statement. “There are many options available to balance the budget in the long-term.” The fiscal 2018 budget is about $450 million larger than last year. The budget shortfall is due in large part to revenue collections this fiscal year which were $1.6 billion below expectations. In order to close the gap, the state is considering borrowing $1 billion, to be repaid with money U.S. states still receive every year from their 1998 legal settlement with tobacco companies for health expenses. Republicans have also discussed a wide expansion in casino gambling, and discussed but rejected placing as many as 40,000 video gambling devices around the state. Democrats want a severance tax on oil and gas production that would feed the general fund. That idea has failed to pass in previous years. “Every year our Commonwealth borrows money and uses accounting gimmicks to meet our obligations, digging us deeper and deeper into a hole,” said Democratic Senator Daylin Leach. “We need new sustainable revenue just to keep the lights on and avoid yet another credit downgrade,” he said. On July 6, S&P Global put Pennsylvania’s AA-minus credit rating on watch for potential downgrade due to budget concerns. ",1
2844,"Fresh from budget deal, Illinois awaits fate of credit ratings","CHICAGO (Reuters) - A decision on whether Illinois becomes the first U.S. state whose bond ratings tip into junk was not imminent on Monday as credit rating agencies said they were still reviewing the state’s newly enacted budget and tax package. Analysts at the three major rating agencies, which rate Illinois one or two notches above junk, declined to comment on the timing of their decisions.  With the help of some Republican votes, the Democratic-controlled Illinois Legislature last Thursday overrode Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s vetoes and enacted a $36 billion fiscal 2018 budget and a $5 billion income tax increase. The action ended an unprecedented two-year budget impasse that ballooned the state’s unpaid bill backlog to about $15 billion. Illinois State Treasurer Michael Frerichs, a Democrat, on Monday unveiled a five-step plan to avoid a junk rating that included Rauner taking steps to issue up to $6 billion of bonds the legislature authorized to begin paying off bills. He also recommended the governor visit credit rating agencies to assure them he intends to implement the budget package. A junk rating would make future bond sales more difficult and expensive. Eleni Demertzis, Rauner’s spokeswoman, did not answer questions about the borrowing but underscored the governor’s dissatisfaction with the budget. “Even with the tax increase, this budget remains $2 billion out of balance for fiscal year 2018,” she said. “The best thing we can do is to work collaboratively to pass truly balanced budgets that pay down our debt, reform our pension system, and make the changes necessary to drive economic growth in our state.” Moody’s cited the budget’s “substantial implementation risk” when the state’s Baa3 rating was placed on review last week for a possible downgrade to junk. Analyst Ted Hampton said risks include revenue and cost-saving assumptions built in to the budget for the fiscal year that began July 1.  Hampton and S&P analyst Gabriel Petek said they expected Rauner to implement the budget as required by law. John Humphrey, co-head of credit research at Gurtin Municipal Bond Management, said optimism that Illinois finally has a budget should be tempered against the state’s strained finances and how much execution risk remains. “I think Moody’s has been pretty clear that they view the state’s political dysfunction combined with continued unaddressed long-term liabilities, and unfavorable baseline revenue performance as casting some degree of skepticism on the state’s ability to manage out of the very fragile financial situation they are in,” he said.   ",1
2845,Trump's election panel puts hold on voter data request,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s commission to investigate possible election fraud on Monday put a freeze on its effort to collect sensitive voter data from states in the face of growing legal challenges. In an email, the panel’s designated officer, Andrew Kossack, asked state elections officers to “hold on submitting any data,” the commission said in court filings.  Several state elections officials confirmed receiving a letter from the panel stating that it would provide further instructions after a federal judge had ruled on a complaint filed by a watchdog group, the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), which is seeking a temporary restraining order. Earlier on Monday, the American Civil Liberties Union sued the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, alleging violations of federal law requiring transparent government. The bipartisan panel, led by Vice President Mike Pence and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, asked the 50 U.S. states for a host of voter data, including birth dates and the last four digits of voters’ Social Security numbers.  Most U.S. states have rejected full compliance, which many called unnecessary and a violation of privacy.  “This has been a misadventure from the get-go,” Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin, who had refused to give the commission any data, said by phone. In Wisconsin, elections officials halted plans to inform the commission how it could purchase for $12,500 its public voter data, not including Social Security numbers or birth dates.  “We’re just putting everything on hold,” said Reid Magney, spokesman for the Wisconsin Elections Commission. Arkansas, however, had already sent in a limited batch of publicly available data, according to the office of Secretary of State Mark Martin, In a court document, the government said it would not download the information from Arkansas and would instead delete it. Representatives for the White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.         The commission last week said it would meet on July 19 in Washington near the White House. On Monday, critics cheered the move and expressed hope the commission would permanently abandon efforts to collect voter data. “The commission has effectively conceded,” EPIC President Marc Rotenberg said by phone. State officials from both parties and election experts widely agree that voter fraud is rare. Civil rights groups called the commission a voter suppression tactic by Trump.  The Republican president created the panel in May following his claim, without evidence, that millions of people voted illegally in the 2016 election. ",1
2846,State Dept. OKs possible sale of $1 billion in military vehicles to Britain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to Britain of Joint Light Tactical Vehicles and accessories with an estimated worth of $1.035 billion, the Pentagon said on Monday. Britain has requested a possible sale of up to 2,747 of the vehicles, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a statement. The principal contractor of this sale will be Oshkosh Corp unit Oshkosh Defense LLC, it said. ",1
2847,U.S. Senate intelligence panel wants to speak to Donald Trump Jr. - NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee wants to speak with Donald Trump Jr., President Donald Trump’s eldest son, about a meeting he held with a Russian lawyer during his father’s  campaign, NBC News reported on Monday, citing a committee source. Donald Trump Jr. tweeted earlier on Monday that he would be “Happy to work with the committee to pass on what I know.” Trump Jr. has said he agreed to meet the lawyer, whom the New York Times described as having links to the Kremlin, after being promised damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. ",1
2848,Senate's Schumer urges stabilizing health insurance market,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he had written to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urging bipartisan effort to stabilize the U.S. health insurance market. Schumer noted that McConnell had been quoted recently as saying Congress will need to shore up that market if lawmakers fail to repeal Obamacare. ,1
2849,Exclusive: Donald Trump Jr. hires N.Y. lawyer for Russia probes,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump Jr., the president’s son, has hired New York lawyer Alan Futerfas to represent him in connection with Russia-related investigations, the lawyer and Trump Jr.’s office said on Monday. Futerfas, a sole practitioner who specializes in criminal defense, would not say when he was retained or whether he had any input into the statements Trump Jr. made over the weekend about a meeting with a Russian lawyer. ",1
2850,Trump's son says 'happy' to work with Senate intelligence panel on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son Donald Trump Jr. said on Monday he would be happy to share what he knows with the Senate Intelligence Committee if it decides to look into a meeting he had with a Russian lawyer during his father’s campaign. “Happy to work with the committee to pass on what I know,” he said on Twitter, after a Republican member of the committee said the panel should interview him. ",1
2851,Senate's No. 2 Republican eyes healthcare vote next week: The Hill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate’s No. 2 Republican said on Monday that he hoped a vote could be held next week on a bill to roll back Obamacare and that a revised Republican healthcare plan could be released later this week, The Hill reported. “We’re just trying to get a good picture of what the alternatives are, and hopefully next week we’ll be prepared to take the bill up and vote on it,” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn told reporters, according to the publication. Cornyn said Republicans were still waiting to hear back from the Congressional Budget Office on some proposed changes to their initial draft bill, The Hill said. ",1
2852,"PR specialist says set up meeting between Trump's son, Russian lawyer at a client's request","(Reuters) - The public relations specialist who arranged a meeting last year between President Donald Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., and a Russian attorney said on Monday he did so at the request of singer-songwriter-businessman Emin Agalarov, a Moscow-based client of his. Public relations specialist Rob Goldstone said in a statement that Agalarov asked him to help facilitate a meeting between Trump’s son and Russian lawyer Natalya Veselnitskaya, who he said had apparently claimed to have information regarding illegal campaign contributions to the Democratic National Committee. Goldstone said Veselnitskaya opened the meeting with the younger Trump with a few remarks on campaign funding before switching to the issue of a ban on U.S. adoption of Russian children, at which point Trump halted the meeting. “Nothing came of that meeting and there was no follow up between the parties,” Goldstone said. ",1
2853,Trump backtracks on cyber unit with Russia after harsh criticism,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday backtracked on his push for a cyber security unit with Russia, tweeting that he did not think it could happen, hours after his proposal was harshly criticized by Republicans who said Moscow could not be trusted. Trump said on Twitter early on Sunday that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed on Friday forming “an impenetrable Cyber Security unit” to address issues like the risk of cyber meddling in elections. The idea appeared to be a political non-starter. It was immediately scorned by several of Trump’s fellow Republicans, who questioned why the United States would work with Russia after Moscow’s alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. “It’s not the dumbest idea I have ever heard but it’s pretty close,” Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told NBC’s “Meet the Press” program.  Ash Carter, who was U.S. defense secretary until the end of former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration in January, told CNN flatly: “This is like the guy who robbed your house proposing a working group on burglary.” Trump’s advisers, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, had recently sought to explain Trump’s cyber push. Mnuchin said on Saturday that Trump and Putin had agreed to create “a cyber unit to make sure that there was absolutely no interference whatsoever, that they would work on cyber security together.” But Trump returned to Twitter on Sunday to play down the idea, which arose at his talks with Putin at a summit of the Group of 20 nations in Hamburg, Germany.  “The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn’t mean I think it can happen. It can’t,”  Trump said on Twitter.  He then noted that an agreement with Russia for a ceasefire in Syria “can & did” happen. Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona acknowledged Trump’s desire to move forward with Russia, but added: “There has to be a price to pay.” “There has been no penalty,” McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, told CBS’ “Face the Nation” program according to a CBS transcript. “Vladimir Putin ... got away with literally trying to change the outcome ... of our election.” Trump argued for a rapprochement with Moscow in his campaign but has been unable to deliver because his administration has been dogged by investigations into the allegations of Russian interference in the election and ties with his campaign. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating the matter, including whether there may have been any collusion on the part of Trump campaign officials, as are congressional committees including both the House of Representatives and Senate intelligence panels. Those probes are focused almost exclusively on Moscow’s actions, lawmakers and intelligence officials say, and no evidence has surfaced publicly implicating other countries despite Trump’s suggestion that others could have been involved. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told CNN’s “State of the Union” program that Russia could not be a credible partner in a cyber security unit. “If that’s our best election defense, we might as well just mail our ballot boxes to Moscow,” Schiff added. Separately, U.S. government officials said a recent hack into business systems of U.S. nuclear power and other energy companies was carried out by Russian government hackers, the Washington Post reported on Saturday. Trump said he “strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it.” He added: “We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!” In Trump’s first attempt at ending the six-year Syrian civil war, the United States, Russia and Jordan on Friday reached a ceasefire and “de-escalation agreement” for southwestern Syria. The ceasefire was holding hours after it took effect on Sunday, a monitor and two rebel officials said.     Any joint U.S.-Russia cyber initiative would have been a different matter. Depending how much it veered into military or espionage operations, it could have faced major legal hurdles. Language in the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act prohibits the Pentagon, which includes the National Security Agency and the U.S. military’s Cyber Command, from using any funds for bilateral military cooperation with Russia. Michael McFaul, a former U.S. ambassador to Russia, also noted restrictions on sharing information with Russia that would clearly prohibit offering Moscow a sense of U.S. cyber capabilities. Russia would be similarly adverse to revealing its capabilities to the United States, he noted. “It just will not happen,” McFaul told Reuters.  ",1
2854,Russia confirms Putin-Trump talk on joint cyber unit,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia confirmed on Monday that Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin had discussed forming a joint Russian-U.S. group on cyber security, an idea that has provoked uproar in Washington, but said it was only a tentative proposal.  Trump said on Twitter early on Sunday the two leaders discussed forming “an impenetrable Cyber Security unit” when they met at the Hamburg G20 summit.  The idea was greeted with incredulity by some senior  Republicans who said Moscow could not be trusted - and the U.S. president later in the day tweeted that he did not think it could happen. “The heads of state did talk about such a possibility,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters on Monday. “Nothing was promised to each other,” he added. “What is positive, they stated their readiness to work in this direction.” The conversation had been “about the possibility of forming such a group”, he said. “Whether it will be created or not, time will show.” Svetlana Lukash, a Russian official who was at the Hamburg summit, told a news conference earlier on Monday Putin and Trump’s discussion of cyber security had taken up 40 minutes of their meeting, which lasted more than two hours.    “President Putin proposed creating a working group,” she said. “This does not mean it should start working immediately, virtually tomorrow.” She added: “The main thing is, this matter was discussed, the United States is ready to consider cooperation in this sphere, and then we will see. “Maybe this will be a working group, maybe this will be cooperation on the floor of the United Nations. But in any case, our two countries will need to discuss these questions. This is namely what the presidents agreed upon.” She said of the landmark talks between the two men in Hamburg: “Nobody, except the participants of that meeting, knows how that proposal was formulated and how President Trump reacted.”  Some media reports may have prematurely assumed that the creation of a joint commission on cyber security was already decided, she said. “That was a proposal. Probably, he (Trump) is not ready yet for this specific initiative at this stage,” Lukash said. Trump’s administration has been dogged by investigations into allegations of Russian interference in last year’s U.S. election and ties with his campaign. Peskov also told reporters on Monday the Kremlin did not know the identity of the Russian lawyer who allegedly met Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., Trump’s election campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, last year. The New York Times said on Sunday that Trump’s associates met with the Kremlin-linked lawyer after being promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton. The newspaper identified the lawyer as Natalia Veselnitskaya. It said the meeting had taken place in Trump Tower on June 9, 2016, two weeks after Trump won the Republican nomination. “No, we don’t know who it is and, certainly, we cannot track down all movements of all Russian lawyers both within Russia and abroad,” Peskov said. ",1
2855,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 9) - G20, Putin, Syria","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done! [0715 EDT] - I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I’ve already given my opinion..... [0731 EDT] - ...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia! [0737 EDT] - Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded.. [0750 EDT] - ...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don’t.... [0757 EDT] - ...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election? [0806 EDT] - Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved! [0831 EDT] - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! [0857 EDT] - For years, even as a “civilian,” I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance! [1607 EDT] - Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good! [1609 EDT]   - The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn’t mean I think it can happen. It can’t-but a ceasefire can,& did! [2045 EDT]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2856,Kremlin: Putin and Trump made no promises on cyber group,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump made no promises to each other to form a joint group on cyber security, but they stated their readiness to work in this direction, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday. The Kremlin also does not know the Russian lawyer who allegedly met Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., Trump’s campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, last year, two weeks after Trump won the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidency, Peskov told a conference call with reporters. The allegation that Trump’s associates met with the Kremlin-linked lawyer after being promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton, was made in an article by the New York Times. ",1
2857,Trump's son met Russian lawyer after promise of information on Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., agreed to meet with a Kremlin-linked lawyer during the 2016 election campaign after being promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton, the New York Times reported on Sunday, citing three advisers to the White House. Trump’s then-campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, also attended the meeting at Trump Tower on June 9, 2016, two weeks after Trump won the Republican nomination, the Times reported.   In a statement quoted by the Times and later made available to Reuters and other media outlets, Donald Trump Jr.  acknowledged meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.       “After pleasantries were exchanged, the woman stated that she had information that individuals connected to Russia were funding the Democratic National Committee and supporting Ms. Clinton,” the statement said. Clinton was the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee.  “Her statements were vague, ambiguous and made no sense. No details or supporting information was provided or even offered. It quickly became clear that she had no meaningful information.” Trump Jr. said Veselnitskaya then turned the conversation to the adoption of Russian children and a U.S. law blackisting Russians linked to alleged human-rights abuses. President Trump was “not aware of and did not attend” the meeting, Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump’s legal team, said in an emailed statement. Trump Jr. said he was asked to attend the meeting “with an individual who I was told might have information helpful to the campaign” at the request of an acquaintance he knew from the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.  “I asked Jared and Paul to attend, but told them nothing of the substance,” he said.  “The meeting lasted approximately 20 to 30 minutes,” he said. “As it ended, my acquaintance apologized for taking up our time. That was the end of it and there was no further contact or follow-up of any kind. My father knew nothing of the meeting or these events.”  The New York Times report said Trump Jr. was promised damaging information about Clinton before agreeing to meet with the lawyer. It cited three advisers to the White House briefed on the meeting and two others with knowledge of it. The Times first reported on the meeting on Saturday, after which Trump Jr. issued a statement confirming that it took place, but made no mention of the Clinton aspect. Representatives for Manafort and Kushner did not respond to requests for comment. Allegations of the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia have cast a shadow over Donald Trump’s first five months in office. A federal special counsel and several congressional committees are investigating possible contacts between the campaign and Russian representatives as part of a larger probe into allegations that Moscow meddled in the election. The June meeting was the first confirmed private meeting between members of the president’s inner circle and a Russian national, the Times reported, citing confidential government records and interviews with people familiar with the documents. The revelations come after President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed the allegations of election meddling during the summit of leaders from the Group of 20 major economies in Hamburg, Germany. The Kremlin has denied U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusion that Moscow tried to tilt the election in Trump’s favor, using such means as hacking into the emails of senior Democrats.  Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion. ",1
2858,Big financial woes linger in Illinois' new budget,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ first budget after two years is filled with partial outlines to address its debt-ridden pension system and unpaid bill backlog — signs that political fighting and the fiscal mess in the nation’s fifth-largest state are far from over. At least 15 House and Senate Republicans broke with first-term Republican Governor Bruce Rauner on Thursday and joined with Democrats to override Rauner’s vetoes of the state’s first budget package in more than two years.  The $36 billion spending plan relies on a $5 billion tax increase that permanently hikes the flat personal income tax rate to 4.95 percent, up 32 percent from its prior 3.75 percent rate. To address the state’s nearly $15 billion in unpaid bills, Illinois depends heavily on borrowing. Lawmakers approved $6 billion of 12-year bonds to raise money for repayments. But State Representative Greg Harris, the House Democrats’ point person on the budget, has acknowledged there is only enough revenue to support half of that borrowing amount.  Illinois will also borrow up to $1.2 billion from various state accounts that have accumulated cash for specific purposes, while “sweeping” cash from other accounts —a government version of looking under couch cushions that is expected to yield $300 million.  Illinois’ $130 billion pension liability is one of the largest in the nation, and the new budget takes only small steps to address the structural underfunding of Illinois’ five retirement systems.  The new law gives the state five years to phase in changes retroactive to fiscal 2014 in actuarial or investment return assumptions made by the pension systems for an estimated savings of $892.1 million.  Seemingly small changes in projected investment results can have significant impact on a pension fund’s actuarial calculations. Last year, when the Illinois Teachers’ Retirement System reduced its earnings assumption to 7 percent from 7.5 percent, the change caused a $660 million spike in the state’s fiscal 2018 contribution. The new budget attributes $500 million in savings to the creation of a new tier of pension beneficiaries. But that tier applies largely to newly hired employees, raising questions about how the state expects to book that savings in the current fiscal year. That estimate was lifted straight from the proposed budget presented by Rauner earlier this year. The projection has not been independently verified by legislative leaders, and Rauner’s office has not responded to requests for an explanation of how the estimate was calculated.  The Illinois Education Association, one of the state’s largest unions, said it has no evidence that its pensioners would be harmed by the new budget’s pension provisions. But the union questioned why lawmakers approved structural changes to pensions without an independent financial analysis.  “It’s a little bit of a shot in the dark. For something this major, you’d think the legislators who are voting on this would want to know this information,” said Jim Reed, the union’s government relations director. A budget was welcomed as a positive step for Illinois, which still faces fiscal and pension crises. “The pension pressures will continue, and Illinois’ financial challenges will continue, but at least there will be a framework to recognize there’s a limit to the liability growth to this state,” said Laurence Msall, president of the Civic Federation, a budget watchdog group. Steve Malanga, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute think tank, said the fixes in the new budget do not match up to the challenges faced by Illinois. “This is the kind of budget you would pass if you were a state that hit a bump in the road and had a deficit you needed to get rid of over the next two or three years,” he said. “It’s not the kind of budget you’d pass if you have $14 billion in unpaid bills and a $130 billion unfunded (pension) liability.” The Democrats and Republicans who voted for the budget did so at least in part to prevent Illinois from becoming the first U.S. state in history to see its credit rating fall to “junk” status. Moody’s on Wednesday put Illinois on review for a possible downgrade, but some of the state’s bonds traded higher on Friday, an apparent sign of optimism about the budget.       ",1
2859,Two senior Republican senators criticize Tillerson comments on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two senior Republican U.S. senators criticized Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday for saying that Russia may have the “right approach” on Syria and for what they called his lack of focus on Afghanistan and Pakistan. “His statements about Syria really disturb me. No, (Russian President Vladimir) Putin does not have it right when it comes to Syria,” Senator Lindsey Graham said. In separate television interviews, Graham and Senator John McCain, prominent Republican foreign policy voices, took aim at Tillerson’s remarks last week that Russia may have “got the right approach” and the United States the wrong approach to Syria. Russia has backed President Bashar al-Assad in Syria’s civil war, while the United States supports rebel groups trying to overthrow him. McCain told CBS’ “Face the Nation” that he “sometimes” regretted backing Tillerson’s nomination by Republican President Donald Trump and that his comments on Russia being “right” on Syria made him emotional and upset. “I know what the slaughter has been like. I know that the Russians knew that Bashar Assad was going to use chemical weapons. And to say that maybe we’ve got the wrong approach?” he said. Both senators backed the nomination of Tillerson in January, even while expressing concern about his dealings with Russia when he was chief executive of ExxonMobil. (XOM.N) Graham, who visited Afghanistan and Pakistan last week with McCain, accused Tillerson of being “AWOL” on the two countries and failing to fill key State Department posts. “I am so worried about the State Department,” Graham said  on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” A State Department official responded to the criticism of Tillerson by saying that a U.S.-Russian-brokered ceasefire for southwest Syria was an example of what the secretary had described as the potential to coordinate with Russia, in spite of unresolved differences, “to produce stability and serve our mutual security interests.” The official, who did not want to be identified, also said the State Department was taking an active role in a review of Afghanistan and Pakistan policy and continued to work with the White House on nominations. Since the exit of most foreign troops in 2014, Afghanistan’s U.S.-backed government has lost ground to a Taliban insurgency in a war that kills and maims thousands of civilians each year. ",1
2860,"Trump backtracks on U.S.-Russia cyber unit, says it cannot happen","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday backtracked on his push for a cyber security unit with Russia, tweeting that he did not think it could happen, only hours after promoting it following his talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn’t mean I think it can happen. It can’t,”  Trump said on Twitter. He then noted that an agreement with Russia for a ceasefire in Syria “can & did” happen. ",1
2861,Tillerson says Russia must make first move in Ukraine peace process,"KIEV (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday that Russia must take the first steps to de-escalate violence in eastern Ukraine, adding that Washington’s primary goal is the restoration of Ukrainian territorial integrity. On a maiden official visit to Ukraine, Tillerson also said the United States would explore ways of changing the status quo in the Ukraine crisis, and said Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election still impeded better relations with Moscow.    ",1
2862,"Trump not aware of 2016 meeting between son, Russian lawyer: legal spokesman","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump was “not aware of and did not attend” a 2016 meeting between his son, Donald Trump Jr., and a Kremlin-connected lawyer that the New York Times reported on Sunday followed promises of damaging information on Hillary Clinton, Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump’s legal team, said.     The Times, citing three advisors to the White House, said Trump’s then-campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, also attended the meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ",1
2863,Republicans voice growing doubts on U.S. healthcare bill's fate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans expressed increasing pessimism on Sunday about the prospects for the healthcare bill in the U.S. Senate aimed at rolling back Obamacare as lawmakers prepared to return from a week-long recess. One prominent Republican lawmaker, Senator John McCain, said he thought the Republican bill would probably fail. “My view is that it’s probably going to be dead,” McCain,  said on the CBS program “Face the Nation,” adding that Republicans, who narrowly control the chamber, would likely need to work with Democrats on a healthcare bill. President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to put pressure on Republicans to stay the course. “For years, even as a “civilian,” I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!” he tweeted.  The Senate bill, which faces unified Democratic opposition, has been further imperiled during the recess, when Republican senators have had to return to their states and face constituents strongly opposed to the measure. Senators return to Washington on Monday. The Senate bill keeps intact much of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, former Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature legislation, popularly known as Obamacare, but strips away most of its funding. It repeals most Obamacare taxes, overhauls the law’s tax credits and ends its Medicaid expansion. It also goes beyond repealing Obamacare by cutting funding for the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled beginning in 2025. At least 10 Republican senators have opposed the bill in its current form, but many more have criticized the legislation or said they are undecided. Republican Senator Bill Cassidy said on Sunday the draft bill was undergoing a “serious rewrite.” “Clearly, the draft plan is dead,” he said on Fox News. “Is the serious rewrite plan dead? I don’t know. I’ve not seen the serious rewrite plan.” Critics have derided the bill as a giveaway to wealthy Americans who would see some tax increases rolled back. Opponents also warn that the legislation would cause millions of poor and sick Americans to lose healthcare coverage. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which assesses the impact of legislation, estimated 22 million people would lose health insurance over the next decade under the Senate bill. In a separate report, it found the proposal would cut government spending on Medicaid by 35 percent come 2036. White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said on Fox News on Sunday that Trump expected Congress to pass a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare before lawmakers leave Washington for their August recess. A spokesman for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Senate leadership was continuing to work with Republican senators and the CBO on the legislation, but did not comment on McCain’s remarks or the bill’s future. Republican Senator Ted Cruz said on Sunday that failure to pass the bill was “not an option” and that the Senate effort must focus on lowering premiums. He pointed to an amendment he offered that is being scored by the CBO. Cruz’s amendment would allow insurers to offer plans that do not comply with Obamacare’s mandate that they charge sick and healthy people the same rates and cover a set of essential health benefits, such as maternity care and prescription drugs, as long as they also offer plans that do comply with the regulations. Cruz’s amendment has drawn support from conservative senators and groups, who say the amendment will help lower premiums. But moderate Republicans and outside critics say it will erode protections for people with pre-existing conditions and make their insurance unaffordable. McConnell has said he plans to hold a vote on the legislation, which needs the support of at least 50 of the Senate’s 52 Republicans, before a six-week recess that begins on July 29. The Republican-controlled House of Representatives passed its version of a bill overhauling healthcare in May. Yet McConnell himself voiced doubts on the Senate bill’s prospects last week, telling a luncheon in his home state of Kentucky that if Republicans fail to pass a repeal of Obamacare, they may need to work with Democrats to shore up private health insurance markets to keep them from collapsing. ",1
2864,Trump says discussed forming cyber security unit with Putin,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Sunday that he discussed forming a cyber security unit to guard against election hacking with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Tweeting after his first meeting with Putin on Friday, Trump said now was the time to work constructively with Moscow, pointing to a ceasefire deal in southwest Syria that came into effect on Sunday. “Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded and safe,” he said following their talks at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany. Trump said he had raised allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election with Putin. “I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I’ve already given my opinion.....” He added: “We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!” Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida immediately criticized the move on Twitter, saying Putin was not a trusted partner. Partnering with Putin on a “Cyber Security Unit” is akin to partnering with (Syrian President Bashar al) Assad on a “Chemical Weapons Unit,” he wrote.  Investigations by a special counsel, Robert Mueller, and several U.S. congressional committees are looking into whether Russia interfered in the election and colluded with Trump’s campaign. Those probes are focused almost exclusively on Moscow’s actions, lawmakers and intelligence officials say, and no evidence has surfaced publicly implicating other countries. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. (This version of the story corrects the day of meeting in second paragraph to Friday) ",1
2865,Plan for U.S. tax increase on rich not being considered: Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is not considering a plan to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans in order to pay for tax breaks for the middle class, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Sunday. Speaking on ABC’s “This Week,” Mnuchin said the administration plans to release its tax plan in early September and is aiming for a vote on Congress on it by the end of this year. The news website Axios reported that Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon was advocating a proposal to raise the highest tax bracket to 40 percent or above in order to pay for tax cuts on middle-class Americans. “I’ve never heard Steve mention that,” Mnuchin said. ",1
2866,Trump keeps it friendly with Xi at G20 on North Korea threat,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump took a conciliatory tone on Saturday at a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping where the leaders agreed to keep working on two pressing issues: the nuclear threat posed by North Korea and bilateral trade irritants. Trump campaigned in last year’s presidential election on cracking down on China for its trade practices, but he softened his rhetoric after taking office, saying he wanted to work with China on the nuclear issue. When the two leaders first met in April at Trump’s Florida resort, they appeared to hit it off. Trump called Xi a “good man” as he urged him to use Beijing’s economic clout to force North Korea to curb its nuclear weapons program. Lately, Trump has expressed some impatience on China’s role in North Korea - particularly after Pyongyang launched an intercontinental ballistic missile that some experts believe could have the range to reach Alaska, and parts of the U.S. West Coast. His administration made new arms sales to Taiwan, imposed sanctions on two Chinese citizens and a shipping company and put China on a global human trafficking list. It also accused a Chinese bank of laundering money for Pyongyang. The White House is also debating trade actions against Beijing, including tariffs on its steel exports and a few days before the G20 talks, Trump complained that trade between China and North Korea had grown.  But he showed none of that impatience on Saturday, when the leaders met at the invitation of Xi at the tail end of the G20 in Germany. “It’s an honor to have you as a friend,” Trump told Xi, telling him he appreciated actions he had already taken on North Korea. “As far as North Korea is concerned, we will have, eventually, success. It may take longer than I’d like. It may take longer than you’d like. But there will be success in the end one way or the other,” Trump said. Speaking to reporters later on Air Force One, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the Trump-Xi meeting lasted over an hour-and-a-half, and they had “substantive discussions” about how to deal with North Korea together. “In regards to China, we had very direct discussions about North Korea. We had very direct discussions about military and security cooperation,” Mnuchin said.   “I think that President Trump made very clear to President Xi that he is focused on this issue, and wants to move forward and make progress. And I think President Xi gave a very interesting perspective from their standpoint,” he added.    For his part, Xi told Trump that stronger China-U.S. ties were conducive to stability and prosperity amid global conflicts, and had made “new progress” in some areas “despite some sensitive issues”, Xi said, according to state news agency Xinhua. Xi stressed the importance of talks with North Korea, and said China’s navy will join next year’s U.S.-led Pacific Rim military exercises. Xinhua said Xi stressed to Trump China’s position that it adheres to the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and maintaining peace and stability there. While China has been angered by North Korea’s repeated nuclear and missile tests, it also blames the United States and South Korea for worsening tension with their military exercises. “China has many times talked about its principled position, namely that at the same time as the international community making necessary responses to North Korean acts that go against U.N. Security Council resolutions, they must step up efforts to promote talks and manage and control the situation,” Xinhua said, citing Xi. Xi also reiterated China’s opposition to the U.S. deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system in South Korea, Xinhua said. China says THAAD threatens its security, despite U.S. and South Korean assurances it is aimed only at defending against North Korea. Both leaders agreed to maintain close communication and coordination on the Korean peninsula nuclear issue, Xinhua said. In a statement released on Sunday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Xi and Trump had “enhanced mutual understanding” about the North Korea issue and “confirmed the broad direction of using peaceful means to resolve this issue”. Trump also mentioned trade imbalances in his meeting with Xi, calling it a “very, very big issue” that he would address. “I know that China in particular, which is a great trading partner, we will be able to do something that will be equitable and reciprocal,” Trump said. Senior officials from both countries will meet in Washington on July 19 to discuss economic and trade issues. ",1
2867,China's Xi calls for more peace-making efforts over North Korea: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping called on Saturday for more international peace-making and crisis-management efforts on the Korean peninsula during a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, state news agency Xinhua said. Xi and Trump, meeting on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg, also agreed to keep in close touch on the North Korean nuclear issue, the report added. ",1
2868,Xi says China navy to join U.S.-led 2018 Pacific Rim drill: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s navy will join will join next year’s Pacific Rim military exercises, state news agency Xinhua quoted President Xi Jinping as saying on Saturday following his meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg. ",1
2869,China's Xi reiterates commitment to resolving North Korea issue via talks: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping stressed to U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday China’s adherence to resolving the North Korean nuclear issue via talks, state news agency Xinhua said. Xi, meeting Trump on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg, said that at the same time as making “necessary responses” to North Korea contravening U.N. resolutions there should be stepped-up efforts to promote talks, Xinhua added. ",1
2870,"Trump Jr., Kushner met with Russian lawyer: New York Times","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s eldest son, son-in-law and former election campaign manager met with a Russian lawyer linked to the Kremlin soon after Trump clinched the Republican presidential nomination last year, the New York Times reported on Saturday. The meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan on June 9, 2016, was the first confirmed private meeting between members of the president’s inner circle and a Russian national, the newspaper reported, citing confidential government records and interviews with people familiar with the documents. Donald Trump Jr. confirmed the get-together in a statement, describing it as “a short introductory meeting” that focused mainly on the issue of child adoption. He said he also asked Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and then-campaign manager Paul Manafort to take part in the meeting. A lawyer for Kushner said Trump’s son-in-law “briefly attended” the meeting. A federal special counsel and several congressional committees are investigating possible contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian representatives, as part of a larger probe into allegations that Moscow meddled in the 2016 presidential election. The Times article appeared a day after Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed the allegations of election meddling during the summit of leaders from the Group of 20 major economies in Hamburg, Germany.  Donald Trump Jr. said the meeting was held primarily to  discuss a popular program to help Americans adopt Russian children, which the Russian government had ended. “But it was not a campaign issue at that time and there was no follow up,” he said in the statement. “I was asked to attend the meeting by an acquaintance, but was not told the name of the person I would be meeting with beforehand.” Kushner attorney Jamie Gorelick said Trump’s son-in-law “briefly attended” the meeting, adding that Kushner had over 100 calls or meetings with representatives from more than 20 countries during the campaign and post-election transition.   “As Mr. Kushner has consistently stated, he is eager to cooperate and share what he knows,” Gorelick said in a statement. A spokesman for Manafort did not respond to a Reuters query.  The Times said the Russian lawyer at the meeting, Natalia Veselnitskaya, is known for campaigning against a U.S. law that blacklists suspected Russian human rights abusers. The law enraged Putin, who retaliated by halting American adoptions of Russian children, the newspaper reported.  The Times said the adoption issue is a frequently used talking point for opponents of the U.S. law. ",1
2871,U.S. isolated on climate at summit of world leaders,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - Leaders from the world’s leading economies broke with U.S. President Donald Trump on climate policy at a G20 summit on Saturday, in a rare public admission of disagreement and blow to multilateral cooperation. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, keen to show off her skills as a mediator two months before a German election, achieved her primary goal at the meeting in Hamburg, convincing her fellow leaders to support a single communique with pledges on trade, finance, energy and Africa. But the divide between Trump, elected on a pledge to put “America First”, and the 19 other members of the club, including countries as diverse as Japan, Saudi Arabia and Argentina, was stark. Last month Trump announced he was pulling the United States out of a landmark international climate accord clinched two years ago in Paris. “In the end, the negotiations on climate reflect dissent – all against the United States of America,” Merkel told reporters at the end of the meeting. “And the fact that negotiations on trade were extraordinarily difficult is due to specific positions that the United States has taken.”  The summit, marred by violent protests that left the streets of Hamburg littered with burning cars and broken shop windows, brought together a volatile mix of leaders at a time of major change in the global geo-political landscape. Trump’s shift to a more unilateral, transactional diplomacy has left a void in global leadership, unsettling traditional allies in Europe and opening the door to rising powers like China to assume a bigger role. Tensions between Washington and Beijing dominated the run-up to the meeting, with the Trump administration ratcheting up pressure on President Xi Jinping to rein in North Korea and threatening punitive trade measures on steel. TRUMP-PUTIN Trump met Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time in Hamburg, a hotly anticipated encounter after the former real estate mogul promised a rapprochement with Moscow during his campaign, only to be thwarted by accusations of Russian meddling in the vote and investigations into the Russia ties of Trump associates. Putin said at the conclusion of the summit on Saturday that Trump had quizzed him on the alleged meddling in a meeting that lasted over two hours but seemed to have been satisfied with the Kremlin leader’s denials of interference. Trump had accused Russia of destabilizing behavior in Ukraine and Syria before the summit. But in Hamburg he struck a conciliatory tone, describing it as an honor to meet Putin and signaling, through Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, that he preferred to focus on future ties and not dwell on the past. “It was an extraordinarily important meeting,” Tillerson said, describing a “very clear positive chemistry” between Trump and the former KGB agent. In the final communique, the 19 other leaders took note of the U.S. decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord and declared it “irreversible”. For its part, the United States injected a contentious line saying that it would “endeavor to work closely with other countries to help them access and use fossil fuels more cleanly and efficiently.” French President Emmanuel Macron led a push to soften the U.S. language. “There is a clear consensus absent the United States,” said Thomas Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation. “But that is a problem. Without the largest economy in the world how far can you go?”  Jennifer Morgan, executive director at Greenpeace, said the G19 had “held the line” against Trump’s “backward decision” to withdraw from Paris. On trade, another sticking point, the leaders agreed they would “fight protectionism including all unfair trade practices and recognize the role of legitimate trade defense instruments in this regard.” The leaders also pledged to work together to foster economic development in Africa, a priority project for Merkel. Merkel chose to host the summit in Hamburg, the port city where she was born, to send a signal about Germany’s openness to the world, including its tolerance of peaceful protests. It was held only a few hundred meters from one of Germany’s most potent symbols of left-wing resistance, a former theater called the “Rote Flora” which was taken over by anti-capitalist squatters nearly three decades ago. Over the three days of the summit, radicals looted shops, torched cars and lorries. More than 200 police were injured and some 143 people have been arrested and 122 taken into custody. Some of the worst damage was done as Merkel hosted other leaders at for a concert and lavish dinner at the Elbphilharmonie, a modernist glass concert hall overlooking the Elbe River.  Merkel met police and security force after the summit to thank them, and condemned the “unbridled brutality” of some of the protestors, but she was forced to answer tough questions about hosting the summit in Hamburg during her closing press conference. ",1
2872,Merkel says G20 communique makes differences with U.S. on climate clear,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Saturday she was pleased that all Group of 20 members besides the United States had agreed in a communique that the Paris climate accord was irreversible. “I think it’s very clear that we could not reach consensus, but the differences were not papered over, they were clearly stated,” Merkel told reporters at the end of the two-day meeting. She said she did not share the view of British Prime Minister Theresa May who said on Friday that she thought Washington could decide to return to the climate agreement. Merkel sharply condemned what she described as the “unbridled brutality” exhibited by some protesters in the northern city of Hamburg after violent clashes injured hundreds of police officers. ",1
2873,France's Macron says will continue to press Trump on climate agreement,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Saturday he had not given up on trying to get U.S. counterpart Donald Trump to change his mind about withdrawing the United States from the Paris climate change agreement. The final statement from the Group of 20 leaders meeting in Hamburg on Saturday exposed the divide that remains between the United States and other G20 members on the 2015 Paris accord aimed at combating climate change. But Macron also said he would host a summit on Dec. 12 to move the Paris deal forward. “On Dec. 12, two years after the Paris (climate) agreement, I will therefore convene a summit to take further action on climate, notably on the financial front,” Macron told reporters. He said that the summit would aim to mobilize private and public financing for the projects committed to under the Paris agreement. Asked if he was trying to persuade Trump to change his mind on the climate deal, Macro said: “I never despair to convince, because I think it is a duty, given my position, and it is a trait of my character”. Macron and Trump met during the G20 summit in Hamburg and Trump will travel to France for the Bastille Day military parade on July 14. ",1
2874,Merkel says meeting with Erdogan underscored deep differences,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Saturday that her bilateral meeting with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan revealed deep differences between the two NATO allies. “The many arrests, the overall actions in Turkey, and the failure to allow visits to Incirlik (air base) - those are all developments that show deep differences and we did not sweep them under the table,” Merkel told reporters after the end of the two-day G20 summit in Hamburg. Merkel said Erdogan and Turkey were very engaged in the summit and G20 members did acknowledge Turkey’s contribution in caring for millions of migrants from Syria and Iraq. ",1
2875,Erdogan says U.S. stance stalls Turkish ratification of Paris climate deal,"HAMBURG (Reuters) - The U.S. decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement means Turkey is less inclined to ratify the deal because the U.S. move jeopardizes compensation promised to developing countries, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday. Erdogan was speaking at the  G20 summit in Germany where leaders from the world’s leading economies broke with U.S. President Donald Trump over climate policy, following his announcement last month that he was withdrawing from the accord. Erdogan said that when Turkey signed the accord France had promised that Turkey would be eligible for compensation for some of the financial costs of compliance. “So we said if this would happen, the agreement would pass through parliament. But otherwise it won’t pass,” Erdogan told a news conference, adding that parliament had not yet approved it. “Therefore, after this step taken by the United States, our position steers a course towards not passing this from the parliament,” he said.     ",1
2876,"At G20 summit, Trump pledges $639 million in aid to four countries","HAMBURG (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday promised $639 million in aid to feed people left starving because of drought and conflict in Somalia, South Sudan, Nigeria and Yemen. Trump’s pledge came during a working session of the G20 summit of world leaders in Hamburg, providing a “godsend” to the United Nations’ World Food Programme, the group’s executive director, David Beasley, told Reuters on the sidelines of the meeting. “We’re facing the worst humanitarian crisis since World War Two,” said Beasley, a Republican and former South Carolina governor who was nominated by Trump to head the U.N. agency fighting hunger worldwide. The new funding brings to over $1.8 billion aid promised by the United States for fiscal year 2017 for the crises in the four countries, where the United Nations has estimated more than 30 million people need urgent food assistance. “With this new assistance, the United States is providing additional emergency food and nutrition assistance, life-saving medical care, improved sanitation, emergency shelter and protection for those who have been affected by conflict,” USAID said in a statement. Rob Jenkins, acting head of the USAID’s bureau of democracy, conflict and humanitarian assistance, said of the funding, over $191 million would go to Yemen, $199 million to South Sudan, $121 million to Nigeria and almost $126 million for Somalia. Conflict in all four countries had made it difficult to reach some communities in need of food, he noted. “We’re in a dire situation right now,” said Jenkins, adding that USAID was also concerned with the situation in southern Ethiopia. “The situation in southern Ethiopia fortunately does not rise to the dire situation of the other four, but the situation is deteriorating and might very well be catastrophic without additional interventions,” he said, adding that Washington had already provided some $252 million this year to Ethiopia, “but the needs continue to grow.” Beasley said the U.S. funding was about a third of what the WFP estimated was required this year to deal with urgent food needs in the four countries in crisis as well as in other areas. The WFP estimates that 109 million people around the world will need food assistance this year, up from 80 million last year, with 10 of the 13 worst-affected zones stemming from wars and “man-made” crises, Beasley said. “We estimated that if we didn’t receive the funding we needed immediately that 400,000 to 600,000 children would be dying in the next four months,” he said. Trump’s announcement came after his administration proposed sharp cuts in funding for the U.S. State Department and other humanitarian missions as part of his “America First” policy. Beasley said the agency had worked hard with the White House and the U.S. government to secure the funding, but Trump would insist that other countries contributed more as well. A WFP spokesman said Germany recently pledged an additional 200 million euros for food relief. ",1
2877,Hawaii renews bid to narrow Trump travel ban,"(Reuters) - The state of Hawaii renewed its bid to narrow President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, following court rulings which said the state had taken the wrong procedural approach in attempts to challenge the administration’s policy earlier this week. In a court filing late on Friday, Hawaii’s attorney general asked a Honolulu judge to issue an injunction allowing grandparents and other family members to travel to the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court last month let the ban on travel from six Muslim-majority countries go forward with a limited scope, saying it could not apply to anyone with a credible “bona fide relationship” with a U.S. person or entity. The Trump administration then decided that spouses, parents, children, fiancés and siblings would be exempt from the ban, while grandparents and other family members traveling from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen would be barred.  Trump said the measure was necessary to prevent attacks. However, opponents including states and refugee advocacy groups sued to stop it, disputing its security rationale and saying it discriminated against Muslims. Earlier this week Hawaii had asked a Honolulu judge for a court order clarifying the Supreme Court’s ruling to allow grandparents into the United States. The judge, along with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, ruled that the lower courts did not have the power to simply clarify the Supreme Court’s opinion. However, the 9th Circuit on Friday said the courts could issue an injunction against Trump’s policy in the future, if the government misapplied the Supreme Court’s ruling to a particular person or entity harmed by the travel ban. Hours after that ruling, Hawaii made such an injunction request in a Honolulu federal court. Hawaii said the state itself, along with resettlement agencies, are harmed by Trump’s guidelines because they are prevented from helping refugees move there. A Justice Department spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment.  The roll-out of the narrowed version of the ban was more subdued last week than in January when Trump first signed a more expansive version of the order. That sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world. ",1
2878,China's Xi urges joint efforts to keep China-U.S. ties on track: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping urged joint efforts to keep Sino-U.S. ties on track during a meeting with President Donald Trump on Saturday on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg, state news agency Xinhua said. ",1
2879,China's Xi tells Trump stronger ties good for stability: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday that stronger Sino-U.S. ties are good for stability in a complex world, state news agency Xinhua said. The two were meeting on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg. ",1
2880,"China's Xi, Trump discuss 'global hot-spot issues': Xinhua","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday discussed “global hot-spot issues” on the sidelines of the G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg, state news agency Xinhua said. It did not immediately give any other details. ",1
2881,U.S. appeals court denies Hawaii bid to narrow Trump travel ban,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Friday rejected Hawaii’s request to issue an emergency order blocking parts of President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban while the state sought clarification over what groups of people would be barred from travel. The U.S. Supreme Court last month let the ban on travel from six Muslim-majority countries go forward with a limited scope, saying it could not apply to anyone with a credible “bona fide relationship” with a U.S. person or entity.  The Trump administration then decided that spouses, parents, children, fiancés and siblings would be exempt from the ban, while grandparents and other family members traveling from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen would be barred. Trump said the measure was necessary to prevent attacks. However, opponents including states and refugee advocacy groups sued to stop it, disputing its security rationale and saying it discriminated against Muslims. A Honolulu judge this week rejected Hawaii’s request to clarify the Supreme Court ruling and narrow the government’s implementation of the ban. Hawaii appealed to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, saying in a filing on Friday that the appeals court has the power to narrow the travel ban while it decides how to interpret the Supreme Court’s ruling. A three-judge 9th Circuit panel on Friday rejected that argument and said it did not have jurisdiction to hear Hawaii’s appeal.  The 9th Circuit said the Honolulu judge could issue an injunction against the government in the future, if he believed it misapplied the Supreme Court’s ruling to a particular person harmed by the travel ban.  But the judge did not have the authority to simply clarify the Supreme Court’s instructions now, the appeals court said. In a statement, Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin said he appreciated that the 9th Circuit ruled so quickly, and that the state will comply. The Justice Department declined to comment.  Justice Department lawyers have argued that its definition of close family “hews closely” to language found in U.S. immigration law, while Hawaii’s attorney general’s office said other parts of immigration law include grandparents in that group. The roll-out of the narrowed version of the ban was more subdued last week than in January when Trump first signed a more expansive version of the order. That sparked protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world. ",1
2882,Trump's voter fraud panel to meet as U.S. states' refusals mount,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s commission to investigate possible election fraud will convene this month, a government notice said on Friday, as more U.S. states have refused to hand over at least some voter data. Trump created the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity in May, after claiming without evidence that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in the 2016 election. U.S. civil rights groups and Democratic lawmakers have called the panel a voter suppression tactic by Trump, a Republican who won the presidential election by securing a majority in the Electoral College tally of delegates even as he lost the popular vote to Clinton by some 3 million votes. The Electronic Privacy Information Center, a watchdog group, has filed a lawsuit to block the commission’s data request until its privacy impact can be weighed. A hearing in the case was scheduled for Friday afternoon. There is a wide consensus among state officials from both parties and election experts that voter fraud is rare. States rejecting the commission’s attempts to gather voter information have called it unnecessary and a violation of privacy. Most U.S. states have rejected full compliance with the commission’s requests. Republican Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, the commission’s vice chairman, said in a statement sent by the White House that 14 states and Washington, D.C., had rejected the request outright.   The commission will meet on July 19 to swear in members, formulate objectives and discuss next steps after asking the 50 states to turn over potentially sensitive voter information, according to a General Services Administration (GSA) notice published in the Federal Register. A June 28 letter from the election panel sought names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliations, felony convictions and voting histories. Matthew Dunlap, Maine’s Democratic secretary of state and a commission member, on Friday dismissed Trump’s claim that millions of voters illegally cast ballots. “We just don’t see that,” he told CNN. “People are incredibly law abiding.” Although Maine is one state that has pushed back at the commission’s request, Dunlap said he hopes the panel can tackle voting issues including ballot access and hacking. A Republican commission member, former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell, defended the panel, telling CNN on Thursday that fraud with even “one vote per precinct ... can change the course of history.” A court filing in the Electronic Privacy Information Center case also showed the panel plans to house data on White House computers rather than at the GSA. The Washington Post, which earlier reported the filing, noted GSA would be required to follow specific privacy requirements. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow tried to tilt the election in Trump’s favor. Moscow has dismissed the accusations. Trump has denied any collusion and has questioned the agencies’ conclusion as well as any Russian role. ",1
2883,Congress must shore up insurance markets if Obamacare repeal fails: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday that Congress must act to shore up private health insurance markets if it fails to repeal Obamacare, comments seen as providing a pathway to a bipartisan deal to fix the health system. Speaking at a luncheon in his home state of Kentucky, McConnell said: “If my side is unable to agree on an adequate replacement, then some kind of action with regard to the private health insurance market must occur,” the Associated Press reported. “No action is not an alternative,” McConnell was quoted as saying. “We’ve got the insurance markets imploding all over the country, including in this state.” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer welcomed McConnell’s comments as a possible opening that could help achieve a bipartisan solution to fix problems with former President Barack Obama’s 2010 healthcare law, dubbed Obamacare. “It is encouraging that Senator McConnell today acknowledged that the issues with the (health insurance) exchanges are fixable and opened the door to bipartisan solutions to improve our healthcare system,” Schumer said in a statement. “Democrats are eager to work with Republicans to stabilize the markets and improve the law,” he added. Many of the individual health insurance markets established under Obamacare have struggled, hurt by an unfavorable balance of sick and healthy customers, and some insurers have pulled out because of uncertainty on whether the government will continue to fund cost-sharing subsidies to help individuals pay premiums. Republicans have been fighting to repeal Obama’s signature piece of domestic legislation since it was first approved. President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress made repeal a central campaign promise last year. But efforts to replace the healthcare law this year have run into difficulties. The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passed a replacement bill in May. After the Congressional Budget Office estimated that 23 million people would lose insurance coverage under the House plan, the Senate made clear it would write its own bill rather than voting on the House measure. The Senate unveiled its healthcare measure in late June. That measure’s fate was uncertain after the CBO predicted that under it 15 million people would lose health insurance in 2018, with the number growing to 22 million as a result of cuts to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled that would take place in 2025. At least one Republican senator publicly opposed the bill and others were critical of it. McConnell can only afford to lose two Republicans from his 52-seat majority in the 100-seat Senate and still pass the measure. ",1
2884,Factbox: How U.S. states responded to Trump panel's voter data request,"(Reuters) - Most U.S. states have rejected full compliance with requests for voters’ private information by President Donald Trump’s commission investigating possible election fraud. The following is a rundown of how states responded to the requests for information such as names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliations, felony convictions and voting histories: Alabama: Will release publicly available data if “convinced that the overall effort will produce the necessary results.” Alaska: Will provide public information, not including voters’ dates of birth, Social Security or driver’s license numbers. Arizona: Refused to comply. The secretary of state has “serious privacy concerns.”  Arkansas: Will produce public information, not including Social Security or driver’s license numbers, military or felon status. California: Refused to provide “sensitive voter information.” The Secretary of State called effort “a waste of taxpayer money.” Colorado: Will provide publicly available information, but not Social Security numbers and full dates of birth. Connecticut: Refused to immediately comply with an “overly broad” request and has asked for clarification on commission’s intent. Delaware: Refused to comply. District of Columbia: Refused to comply. The mayor said commission’s request “serves no legitimate purpose.”  Florida: Will release public information, which does not include Social Security numbers. State records lack felony status.  Georgia: Will provide basics like name, address, polling place and party preference for $250 fee, but not sensitive voter data.  Hawaii: Still awaiting formal request, but based on news reports governor stated, “I don’t think we should share these records.”  Idaho: Reviewing request, but the Secretary of State noted limits to public data, which does not include Social Security numbers. Illinois: Refused to comply. State elections board said law limits the release voter data, which is not generally public. Indiana: Will provide names, addresses and congressional districts, which are publicly available, but not other private information.  Iowa: Willing to supply publicly available information, but highlighted a formal request process needed under state law.  Kansas: Will provide publicly available information, which does not include Social Security numbers, according to local media. The Kansas secretary of state, Kris Kobach, is vice chair of Trump’s commission.  Kentucky: Refused to comply.  Louisiana: Refused to comply, but has limited public information available for purchase. Maine: Refused to comply due to state law protecting data.  Maryland: Refused to comply, found state law prohibited release. Massachusetts: Refused to comply because voter data is not public record. Michigan:  Will supply publicly available information which does not include date of birth, social security or driver’s license numbers. Minnesota:  Refused to comply, said commission “risks becoming a partisan tool to shut out millions of eligible American voters.”  Mississippi:  Refused to comply. The Secretary of State told commission to “go jump in the Gulf of Mexico.”  Missouri:  Will release limited public information, which does not include Social Security numbers, felon or military status. Montana: Will provide public information, does not include birth dates or Social Security numbers.  Nebraska: Reviewing. The Secretary of state will provide public information if law permits and once assured of data security. Nevada: Will provide publicly available information, but not Social Security numbers and other private data.  New Hampshire: Will produce publicly available information, according to local media reports.  New Jersey: State officials are reviewing the request but say they will not release information that is not public.  New Mexico: Refused to comply. Secretary of State not convinced data is not to be used for “nefarious or unlawful purposes.” New York: Refused to comply. The governor said it would not “perpetuate the myth voter fraud played a role in our election.” North Carolina: Will provide public information, including names, addresses, political affiliation and voter history. North Dakota: Refused to comply, because state law does not permit. Only state without voter registration.  Ohio: Will provide publicly information, but not confidential data such as Social Security numbers. Oklahoma: Will provide publicly available information, but not Social Security numbers. Oregon: Will provide public information for a $500 fee. This does not include Social Security and driver’s license numbers. Pennsylvania: Refused to comply but will supply limited, public data for $20 fee.  Rhode Island:  Will provide public information, not including Social Security numbers and felon status. South Carolina: Refused to comply because the state does not have authority, according to its elections office. The state Republican party chair offered to purchase the data for the commission, according to local media reports.  South Dakota: Refused to comply, local media reported. Tennessee: Refused to comply because state law does not allow. Texas: Will release public voter information, including birth dates and voter history, according to local media reports.  Utah: The state will only provide public information, which does not include Social Security numbers.  Virginia: Refused to comply with request based on “specious and false notion” of widespread voter fraud in the 2016 election. Vermont: Refused to comply, after not receiving a response to initial concerns raised about providing publicly information.     Washington: Will provide public information, including birth dates and addresses, but not Social Security numbers.  West Virginia: Will provide public information for a $500 fee, not including sensitive data. Voter history available for another $500. Wisconsin: Will provide public information for $12,500 fee, which does not include birth dates and social security numbers. Wyoming: Refused to comply, concerned about “federal overreach.”  Sources: State elections officers, the National Association of Secretaries of State, the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law. ",1
2885,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 7) - Putin, Germany, G20 Summit","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech! [0259 EDT] - After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea. [0307 EDT] - Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful! [0340 EDT] - I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA [0342 EDT] - I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA! [0344 EDT] - #ICYMI: WSJ Editorial: ""Trump's Defining Speech"" in Warsaw, Poland: bit.ly/2sONzhM [1104 EDT] - Weekly Address - tune in! #MAGA [1209 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2886,U.S. senator urges DOJ to reject any White House push in merger probes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Amy Klobuchar, the top Democrat on the Senate antitrust panel, sent a letter to the U.S. Justice Department on Friday urging that it reject any effort by the White House to inject politics into merger investigations. The letter follows a New York Times report saying that White House advisors battling television news station CNN mulled using a government review of AT&T Inc’s plans to merge with CNN parent Time Warner Inc as leverage. “Any political interference in antitrust enforcement is unacceptable. Even more concerning, in this instance, is that it appears that some advisers to the president may believe that it is appropriate for the government to use its law enforcement authority to alter or censor the press,” Klobuchar wrote in a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Both the White House and Justice Department declined comment for this story. Klobuchar, who has herself expressed concern about the $85.4 billion megadeal, noted those concerns but added that the Justice Department’s antitrust review should focus on consumer welfare rather than politics. Klobuchar also asked Sessions to report to the Senate Judiciary Committee and the antitrust subcommittee any White House staffer or presidential adviser who had contacted the Justice Department about the merger.  President Donald Trump has not commented publicly on the deal since the election but during his campaign he said it was an example of a “power structure” that was rigged against him and “too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” ",1
2887,U.S. taps ex-envoy to NATO to resolve Ukraine crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday he had chosen an envoy to lead U.S. diplomacy on the Ukraine crisis, adding that he had moved to fill the position at the urging of Russia’s leader. Former U.S. Ambassador to NATO Kurt Volker, a longtime diplomat, will be responsible for advancing U.S. interests as set out in the 2015 Minsk agreement to curb the conflict in Ukraine’s Donbass region. He will accompany Tillerson to Kiev on Sunday, the State Department said. Russia annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014, and Kiev accuses it of backing pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, an allegation the Kremlin denies. The Minsk agreement called for a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line and constitutional reform to give eastern Ukraine more autonomy. “At the request of President (Vladimir) Putin, the United States has appointed ... a special representative for Ukraine, Ambassador Kurt Volker,” Tillerson told reporters after a meeting between Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko welcomed the choice, writing in a message on Twitter that it would help end what he called Russian aggression and restore Crimea to Ukraine. “Important & timely move in the interests of ending Russian aggression and restoration of Ukraine’s territorial integrity, including Crimea,” Poroshenko tweeted. Volker was a career diplomat who served as permanent representative to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization under Republican President George W. Bush and Democratic President Barack Obama. He is currently a foreign policy and national security expert at the McCain Institute for International Leadership at Arizona State University. “Kurt’s wealth of experience makes him uniquely qualified to move this conflict in the direction of peace,” Tillerson said in a statement. “The United States remains fully committed to the objectives of the Minsk agreements, and I have complete confidence in Kurt to continue our efforts to achieve peace in Ukraine.” Julie Smith, a former Pentagon official who worked on European and NATO policy during the Obama administration, praised the choice of Volker as Ukraine envoy, but said she was puzzled at Tillerson’s statement that he filled the position at Putin’s request. “So Ukraine didn’t matter enough to this administration to have them appoint a special envoy in the first place?” said Smith, now a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security. “It was a bizarre word choice.” ",1
2888,Senior Republican lawmaker wants more sanctions on Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. Republican lawmaker filed legislation on Friday that would sanction Russia for its violations of a decades-old arms control agreement, calling them a threat to global stability. Washington and Moscow have long questioned each other’s commitment to the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, which banned nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with a range of 500-5,500 km (300-3,400 miles). Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, said in a statement that Russia President Vladimir Putin has disregarded Russia’s obligations under the INF Treaty for years. “His recent deployment of banned nuclear-tipped missiles poses serious threats to U.S. national security interests,” Royce said. “And it’s just one more example of Russian aggression that undermines global stability.” The U.S. military said in February that Russia had secretly deployed the ground-launched SSC-8 cruise missile in violation of the treaty. Russia has denied violating the treaty. Royce filed his measure as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a must-pass annual bill that sets policy for the Pentagon. The deadline for filing NDAA amendments was Friday. Royce’s filing also coincided with President Donald Trump’s first face-to-face meeting with Putin since he became the U.S. president in January. Trump promised a rapprochement with Moscow as he campaigned for president but many U.S. lawmakers, including many of his fellow Republicans, have sought to take a tough line against Russia. ",1
2889,The Trump economy in seven charts," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During his campaign and first months in office, President Donald Trump set a number of explicit economic goals like boosting annual growth in gross domestic product to 3 percent, and promised to expand manufacturing employment and bring sidelined workers back into the labor force.  How is he faring?  The charts included here (tmsnrt.rs/2tpAM41) map where the economy was heading during Barack Obama's last term, and how it has performed since Trump took office in January, 2017.  ",1
2890,Ukraine says U.S. special representative will help end Russian aggression,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday welcomed the appointment of Kurt Volker to serve as Washington’s special representative to Ukraine, saying it would help end what he called Russian aggression and restore Crimea to Ukraine. The former U.S. Ambassador to NATO, Volker will be responsible for advancing U.S. interests as set out in the 2015 Minsk agreement and accompany Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to Kiev on Sunday, the State Department said. “Welcome the decision of the US Administration to appoint Kurt Volker a Special representative for Ukraine, following our arrangements,” Poroshenko tweeted.  “Important & timely move in the interests of ending Russian aggression and restoration of Ukraine’s territorial integrity, including Crimea.” ",1
2891,Soccer player Messi prison sentence lifted in exchange for fine,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish court said on Friday it has exchanged a 21-month prison sentence handed to Soccer player Lionel Messi for tax fraud last July for a quarter-of-a-million-euro fine.  The Barcelona player and his father were found guilty by a Catalan court last year of three counts of tax fraud to the tune of 4.1 million euros ($4.68 million) over income earned from image rights.  The father also had his 15-month sentence exchanged for a fine of 180,000 euros, the court said.  Neither Messi or his father would have served time in jail following the original ruling as defendants without a previous conviction are permitted to serve any sentence of under two years on probation.  ",1
2892,Illinois lawmakers override vetoes to enact first budget in two years,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois ended its historic budget drought on Thursday after  the House of Representatives enacted the state’s first complete spending plan since 2015 by overriding the governor’s vetoes. But the $36 billion fiscal 2018 budget and $5 billion tax hike may not save Illinois from becoming the first-ever U.S. state with a junk credit rating. The Democratic-controlled House mustered some Republican votes to enact a trio of budget and revenue bills into law over Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s objection. The House’s action, which was delayed by a nearly two-hour lockdown of the state Capitol in Springfield after a woman threw a white powder into the governor’s office, followed successful Senate veto override votes on Tuesday.  The spending plan for the fiscal year that began on July 1 ends an unprecedented two-year budget impasse between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature. Rauner pointed to House Speaker Michael Madigan as the architect of the 32 percent permanent increase in the state’s personal income tax rate, which will rise to 4.95 percent from 3.75 percent. “His tax-and-spend plan is not balanced, does not cut enough spending or pay down enough debt, and does not help grow jobs or restore confidence in government,” Rauner said in a statement, adding that Illinois “desperately” needs local property tax relief and term limits for elected officials.  Madigan, who next month will becomes the longest-serving House speaker in U.S. history, said he acted in the state’s interest. “The people in this chamber did not do what was easy today, but we did what was right for the future of our state,” Madigan said after the House completed veto overrides of the budget and tax package, which ranks as one of the brightest legislative victories of his three decades as speaker. After the security scare, when a woman threw a white powder which was later determined to be harmless into the offices of the governor and lieutenant governor and the House gallery, the bipartisan turning back of Rauner’s budgetary vetoes came swiftly. For Rauner it was the most significant and humiliating political blow of his 30 months in office. Representative David Harris, who was among the 10 Republicans who voted to overturn the tax hike veto,  rhetorically asked Rauner from the House floor how he willingly could take the state into the “financial abyss” considering the governor’s long-established business acumen as a former private equity investor. “You are an astute, capable businessman. You understand what the numbers are here,” Harris said. “You understand the implications of junk-bond status. Is that what we want for the fifth-largest state in the union?”  Rauner’s allies made an effort to defend the governor’s position to hold out for non-budgetary priorities like a property-tax freeze and changes in how injured workers are compensated by employers, but it was a lost cause. “I hope that everybody back home and everybody across this state will rise up, let everyone in this chamber know exactly how they feel after this vote is taken,” said Representative John Cabello, a Republican “no” vote. Illinois has been operating for two fiscal years on stop-gap budgets and spending ordered by courts and mandated by Illinois law. Its unpaid bill backlog has ballooned to $15 billion, leaving state universities, social service and health care providers and scores of vendors starving for cash. Moody’s Investors Service, which rates Illinois one notch above junk, placed the state under review on Wednesday for a potential downgrade, saying the budget plan may fall short in addressing the state’s huge unfunded pension liability and the bill backlog.  The new budget aims to initially reduce the bill pile by only about a third, while banking on a projected $1.5 billion in savings from creating a hybrid retirement plan for new hires and other pension measures. Praise for Thursday’s House action flooded in from cash-deprived social-service groups, including the Chicago-based Ounce of Prevention Fund, a group dedicated to fighting childhood poverty whose president is Diana Rauner, the governor’s wife. “We applaud the members of the General Assembly in both parties who took the tough vote to try to end this impasse,” the group said in a statement. With a new budget in hand, the Illinois Lottery will immediately seek leave to resume sales of Mega Millions and Powerball tickets after they were suspended in late June, and a shutdown of billions of dollars in state road projects will end, according to state spokespeople. ",1
2893,"Illinois House enacts FY 2018 budget, ending record impasse",CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ first full-year budget since 2015 became law on Thursday after the House of Representatives overrode the governor’s vetoes of a $36 billion fiscal 2018 spending plan and a companion measure that implements it. The House’s actions followed the Senate’s successful override votes on Tuesday. ,1
2894,U.S. official who confronted Trump on ethics resigning for new job,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, who clashed with President Donald Trump and his administration, said on Thursday he would resign before his five-year term ends in January to take a new job. In a letter to Trump dated on Thursday and posted on his Twitter account, Walter Shaub said he would step down from the ethics watchdog effective July 19 and praised his staff for their commitment to laws and ethical principles over private interests.      Shaub has sounded many alarms over the Trump administration’s business entanglements. He urged Trump to divest from his business empire rather than turn management of it over to his sons, and chastised the White House for not disciplining presidential advisor Kellyanne Conway after she endorsed a fashion line sold by Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter. Shaub said in an interview with the Washington Post published Thursday that he was not pressured to leave, but felt that he could not achieve more in the ethics office under the Trump administration. Democratic lawmakers lauded Shaub’s service. Chuck Schumer, the top Senate Democrat, said he looked forward to examining Republican Trump’s nominee to replace Shaub. Schumer said he hoped the successor would prevent lobbyists and private interests from “rigging the system against working families under the cover of darkness.” Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, urged the Republican chairman of the committee to invite Shaub to testify to the panel about necessary ethical reforms. Some Republican lawmakers, such as Cummings’s former Republican counterpart, Jason Chaffetz, had little praise for Shaub during his tenure. Chaffetz rebuked Shaub in a January letter for making public statements about Trump’s finances. Shaub will next head the Ethics Practice at the Campaign Legal Center, a Washington-based nonpartisan group dedicated to democratic reform, said Larry Noble, the group’s general counsel.  Noble said that the Center learned of Shaub’s interest in leaving his government job in the last two weeks and seized the chance to hire him. Shaub’s work at the Campaign Legal Center will involve examining deficiencies in existing ethics laws and developing ways to strengthen them, both at the Office of Government Ethics and in the realm of congressional ethics, Noble said. ",1
2895,Seven U.S. states still without budgets a week into new fiscal year,"(Reuters) - Seven U.S. states are still without budgets, nearly a week into the new fiscal year that started July 1.  Legislatures in Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Oregon, Rhode Island and Wisconsin remain in disagreement about how to close ongoing budget gaps in their states or fund new budget initiatives. “We always have some states that go into the new fiscal year without budgets, but the number is a bit high this year,” said Eric Kim, a director at Fitch Ratings.  Weak revenues complicated budget negotiations in several states, while idiosyncratic issues pushed others beyond their June 30 deadlines.  The Illinois House was poised to take final budget action on Thursday by attempting to override the governor’s vetoes of a $36 billion spending plan and $5 billion tax hike approved by the Democratic-controlled legislature over the Fourth of July holiday weekend. A hazardous materials situation in the state Capitol in Springfield delayed the House session, but officials determined the substance was harmless and lawmakers were returning.  If enacted, the budget would mark Illinois’ first complete budget since 2015. No other U.S. state has lacked a budget for that long. Thirty-three of the 50 U.S. states reported revenues that came in below projections in fiscal year 2017, the highest number of states since the recession decimated budgets in 2010, according to the National Association of State Budget Officers. Connecticut and Pennsylvania have the most challenging revenue situations, according to Fitch, as lower-than-anticipated tax collections exacerbated budget gaps and led to disputes over how to close them.  Massachusetts, also amid a revenue shortfall, enacted a one-month interim budget for July to provide additional time to negotiate a full-year budget. Wisconsin legislators are working to close a transportation funding shortfall.  Oregon’s budget process includes multiple bills, most of which have been approved. But the legislature is still debating several measures, including changes to hiring practices. Rhode Island had appeared ready to finalize a budget by June 30, but late last week the state Senate amended a House proposal to phase out an automobile tax, causing the House to halt the budget process.  Many states retain the authority to make debt service payments without enacted budgets. Over the holiday weekend, several states came to last-minute budget agreements.  New Jersey and Maine ended partial government shutdowns just in time for the Fourth of July holiday on Tuesday, while governors of Washington state and Alaska signed new operating budgets late last week, hours before deadlines that would have triggered partial government shutdowns. ",1
2896,"U.S., China to meet in Washington on July 19 for economic talks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senior U.S. and Chinese officials will meet to discuss bilateral economic issues this month after threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to use trade to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea’s weapons programs, a U.S. official with knowledge of the decision said.  The meeting of the U.S.-China Comprehensive Economic Dialogue will take place in Washington on July 19, and will be the first covering economic and trade issues in a new format for U.S.-China dialogue agreed after a summit between Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, in April. Trump pledged repeatedly during his election campaign to take a tough stance on Chinese trade practices deemed unfair to the United States, but his rhetoric softened after a friendlier-than-expected summit with Xi. Shortly after their meeting, Trump said he had told Xi that China would get a better trade deal if it worked to rein in North Korea, whose nuclear and missile programs have become an increasing threat to the United States. Lately though, Trump, who is to meet Xi again on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg this week, has appeared increasingly frustrated that China - North Korea’s neighbor and main trading partner - has not taken stronger action. North Korea said it tested its first intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) on Tuesday and experts said it appeared to be of a type capable of hitting all of Alaska, prompting renewed U.S. calls for global diplomatic action. The United States has said it will propose new United Nations sanctions in response to the test, but it is unclear whether China and Russia will support these. Unlike Washington, neither Moscow nor Beijing have described the missile used in the test as an ICBM. Trump vowed on Thursday to confront North Korea “very strongly” after the latest missile test and urged nations to show Pyongyang that there would be consequences for its weapons programs   ",1
2897,"Before Putin talks, Trump plays down interference in U.S. election","WARSAW (Reuters) - One day before his first meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that no one knows for sure whether Moscow intervened in the 2016 U.S. election but that he suspected Russian involvement. Speaking to reporters in Poland, Trump played down the assessment of his own intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the election by hacking Democrats’ emails and distributing online propaganda.     “I think it was Russia, but I think it was probably other people and/or countries, and I see nothing wrong with that statement. Nobody really knows. Nobody really knows for sure,” Trump told a news conference.  Investigations by a special counsel, Robert Mueller, and several U.S. congressional committees are looking into whether Russia interfered in the election and colluded with Trump’s campaign. Those probes are focused almost exclusively on Moscow’s actions, lawmakers and intelligence officials say, and no evidence has surfaced publicly implicating other countries.  Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump says his campaign did not collude with Russia. Trump, who defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in the November election, will meet Putin on Friday at a G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg for their first official encounter.  It was not clear whether the Republican president would bring up the issue of election interference when the two men meet.  In a speech in Warsaw, Trump affirmed U.S. commitment to the defense of NATO allies and gently criticized Russia. Trump frequently praised Putin as a strong leader during the election campaign and called for better U.S. relations with Moscow but he has since tempered that rhetoric. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ Intelligence Committee, said Trump’s remarks in Poland about the election only propagated “his own personal fiction.”      “The President’s comments today, again casting doubt on whether Russia was behind the blatant interference in our election and suggesting – his own intelligence agencies to the contrary – that nobody really knows, continue to directly undermine U.S. interests,” Schiff said in a statement.             Trump cast doubt at his news conference over media reports that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in January that Russia had meddled in the election.     “Let me just start off by saying I heard it was 17 agencies.  I said, boy, that’s a lot, do we even have that many intelligence agencies, right?  Let’s check it. And we did some very heavy research. It turned out to be three or four. It wasn’t 17,” Trump said.            The U.S. intelligence report in January accusing Russia of meddling in the U.S. election was issued by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees the 17 U.S. intelligence agencies.  But the report acknowledges that it is based on an assessment by the CIA, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency, which held the key classified information on Russian activities. Trump said the CIA told his predecessor, Democratic President Barack Obama, last August about Russian interference in the election but he did nothing to stop it.     “I think what happened is he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win the election, and he said let’s not do anything about it. Had he thought the other way, he would have done something about it,” Trump said. ",1
2898,"Trump to visit Slovenia, country of wife Melania's birth","LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenian President Borut Pahor, attending a meeting of EU leaders with Donald Trump in Warsaw, has invited the U.S. president to visit Slovenia and Trump has accepted the invitation, Pahor’s cabinet said in a statement on Thursday. It did not say when the visit could take place. Trump’s wife Melania grew up in the town of Sevnica in Eastern Slovenia and started her modeling career in the capital Ljubljana, before moving to the United States to pursue her career. ",1
2899,U.S. proposes cutting total biofuels requirements in 2018,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Wednesday proposed to reduce the volume of biofuel required to be used in gasoline and diesel fuel next year as it signaled the first step toward a potential broader overhaul of its biofuels program. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed total volume marked a slight decline from current levels and was more than 20 percent below targets laid out in a 2007 law. The U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, requires increased volumes of renewable fuels each year, but the proposal would keep targets for use of conventional biofuels at current levels. The agency has begun preparations to reset future biofuel targets, said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. His proposal was met with praise and calls for broader reform from the petroleum industry and mixed response from biofuels producers. Environmentalists, who have been critical of ethanol, called for Congress to reform the program.       The RFS has become a battlefield between corn and oil interests. The law has been a boon to agriculture, supporting economies across the Midwest’s Corn Belt.  The EPA’s proposed cuts to advanced and cellulosic biofuels “will have a chilling effect on the push toward next generation biofuels,” said Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley.  Petroleum companies say the biofuel targets are impossible to meet and add billions of dollars in costs. The plan would require companies to blend a total of 19.24 billion gallons of renewable fuels in the country’s fuel supply next year.  The proposal is “consistent with market realities focused on actual production and consumer demand while being cognizant of the challenges that exist in bringing advanced biofuels into the marketplace,” Pruitt said in a statement. The agency would keep the 2018 target for conventional ethanol at 15 billion gallons, unchanged from 2017, and set the requirement for advanced biofuels, including cellulosic ethanol, at 4.24 billion gallons. These latest volumes confirmed an earlier Reuters report for volumes well below the 26 billion gallons of renewable fuels outlined by Congress in 2007. The law was aimed at cutting U.S. oil imports and boosting the use of renewable fuels. The EPA also requested comments related to concerns that the biofuels requirements increasingly are being met by supplies from Brazil, Argentina and Indonesia. The agency proposed setting the requirements for cellulosic below the current year’s levels at 238 million gallons and kept biomass-based diesel requirements at 2.1 billion gallons for 2019, unchanged from the levels set for 2018 under former President Barack Obama. Development of cellulosic biofuels has been slower than expected by lawmakers when they set up the program, stymied by regulatory delays and the economic downturn. The American Petroleum Institute, which represents oil companies, including BP America and Chevron Corp (CVX.N), praised the move to lower the overall requirements but said the proposal did not go far enough. Ethanol groups praised the agency for maintaining the target for conventional ethanol, which is mostly produced from corn in the United States, but were critical of the move to lower the advanced targets. “We are concerned that by reducing the cellulosic (requirement), this proposal may weaken the signal to the marketplace,” said Bob Dinneen, head of the Renewable Fuels Association. “Today’s proposal underscores the need for the U.S. Congress to take the bull by the horns and reform the Renewable Fuel Standard to protect our clean water, our public health, and our wildlife,” said National Wildlife Federation President and CEO Collin O’Mara.  Prices of U.S. renewable fuel credits rose 4 cents to trade at 75 cents apiece. Biodiesel credits were up 3 cents at $1.145 each, traders said. ",1
2900,Illinois risks rating cut to junk even with budget: Moody's,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Even if Illinois’ House of Representatives takes action to enact a new budget on Thursday, the state still risks a downgrade in its credit rating to junk, Moody’s Investors Service warned on Wednesday. The Democratic-controlled House on Thursday will attempt to overturn Republican Governor Bruce Rauner’s vetoes of spending and tax increase measures aimed at ending the state’s unprecedented two-year budget impasse. Moody’s said it placed Illinois’ Baa3 rating, which is one step above the junk level, on review for a possible downgrade.  The $36 billion fiscal 2018 budget and $5 billion income tax increase passed by lawmakers over the extended Fourth of July holiday weekend, may fall short in addressing the state’s financial woes, particularly its huge unfunded pension liability and $15 billion unpaid bill backlog, according to Moody’s. “On both those fronts, it’s not yet clear if the legislation being enacted will have a substantial and clear positive effect,” said Moody’s analyst Ted Hampton. A stalemate between the Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has left the nation’s fifth-largest state without a complete budget for two-straight fiscal years. Since fiscal 2018 began on Saturday, the House and Senate in bipartisan votes passed budget bills to avoid Illinois becoming the first-ever U.S. state whose credit is rated junk. Rauner vetoed the bills on Tuesday only to have that action quickly overridden by the Senate, leaving the fate of the budget in the hands of the House.  Prior to Moody’s announcement, Rauner said his Democratic opponents should prioritize the opinions of Illinois residents over credit ratings agencies. “Don’t listen to some Wall Street firm,” Rauner told reporters Wednesday at a Chicago event. “That’s not what matters.” The governor also said he is working to sustain his vetoes. “I can tell you this, we are doing everything we can to push that my veto is not overridden,” he said.  He lashed out at those who defied his wishes by voting for the Democrats’ budget package, including 15 House Republicans. “What we have is a continuing failure by elected officials in Springfield on both sides of the aisle that’s been led by Speaker Madigan for 35 years,” Rauner said, referring to House Speaker Michael Madigan. “The system is broken.” House Republican Leader Jim Durkin told Reuters that he and Rauner are attempting to persuade House Republicans supporters of the Democratic tax hike to reconsider their votes because “there’s a better deal to be had.” But Durkin stopped short of predicting the overrides could be blocked. “I think the Democrats, if they want to get it done, find the votes,” Durkin said. “I’ve seen this before.” Durkin said he had no plans to take punitive actions against those Republicans for their votes, but predicted “it’s definitely a possibility” some will face primary challenges from the Republican Party’s anti-tax wing in the 2018 elections. Illinois has relied on court-ordered and state-mandated spending to keep operating. The absence of a fiscal 2018 budget shuttered major transportation projects and forced the state out of the lucrative Powerball and Mega Millions lotteries. ",1
2901,Possible Illinois budget fix poses big financial questions,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A Democratic plan to end Illinois’ crippling two-year budget stalemate is poised to be enacted by the state House of Representatives on Thursday, but the nearly 2,000-page package leaves gaping financial holes unresolved. The fiscal 2018 budget plan, which has drawn both Democratic and Republican support in the legislature, does not guarantee funding for public schools to open on time next month. The plan identifies only enough funding to pay down roughly a third of the state’s record $15 billion unpaid bill backlog.  In addition, no substantial progress was made to reduce Illinois’ paralyzing $130 billion unfunded pension liability.  The state’s pension contribution is set to consume more than $7.8 billion of the state’s $36 billion budget in the fiscal year that began July 1. Illinois on Thursday could end its dubious status as the only state to ever go multiple years without a full operating budget if the Democratic-led legislative chamber overturns the vetoes from Republican Governor Bruce Rauner. One of the bills increases the state’s personal income tax from 3.75 percent to 4.95 percent and corporate income tax from 5.25 percent to 7 percent.  Moody’s Investors Service issued a warning on Wednesday that even if the House follows identical Senate action Monday and  overrides Rauner’s vetoes, the nation’s fifth-largest state risks a credit rating downgrade to junk because of unaddressed fiscal woes. Moody’s said the budget plan falls short of adequately addressing pensions and the backlog of unpaid bills. “It’s not clear to me that they won’t quickly find themselves with a comparable backlog and more long-term bonded debt,” said Moody’s analyst Ted Hampton. Laurence Msall, president of the Civic Federation, a Chicago-based government finance watchdog, said the bill does not provide stability. “What rating agencies are pointing to, even with the tax increase if the General Assembly overrides the governor and with the spending plan as approved, the state still has severe financial challenges going forward,” he said.  Drafters of the budget package inserted language that ties release of billions of dollars for K-12 education to enactment of a school-funding overhaul that Rauner has called a “bailout” for Chicago’s cash-strapped school system. The House and Senate have passed the funding revamp, but Rauner has threatened to veto it. If Republicans and Democrats do not reconcile their differences before the first state payment goes to schools in August, about a dozen financially struggling public school systems might not open for classes next month, said Roger Eddy, executive director of the Illinois Association of School Boards. “We’re talking about children that are going to be affected by this stalemate at this point. That is absolutely not an exaggeration. This is real, and it’s going to happen,” Eddy told Reuters. The budget impasse also resulted in a halt of construction projects and Illinois suspended sales of Powerball and Mega Millions tickets. In another key area—the state’s $14.7 billion backlog of unpaid bills—the plan authorizes only $6 billion of general obligation bonds, as well as $1.5 billion in borrowings and transfers from other state funds for that purpose. Sufficient money exists only to support $3 billion of $6 billion in authorized bonding, which in turn would generate $2 billion in federal matching Medicaid dollars for unpaid bills. The budget also purports to save $500 million from pension changes, although there were slim details on how those savings would be realized. “The pension reform in (the legislation) doesn’t look like it’s really revolutionary or will move the needle in any big way,” Hampton said. (This story corrects fourth paragraph to indicate House will only undertake veto override votes) ",1
2902,Mexico says Trump-Pena Nieto meet unlikely to lead to big deals,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A meeting between Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday at the G20 summit in Germany will last about 30 minutes and probably not lead to any major agreements, Mexico’s foreign minister said on Wednesday. The face-to-face talks will be the first between Pena Nieto and Trump as presidents. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray warned not to expect too much. “We have to put it in context and not have expectations that are unjustified,” Videgaray said. Trump’s election and his early days in office strained relations between the two neighbors because of his threats to apply tariffs to Mexican-made goods and a plan to build a wall on the southern U.S. border and force Mexico to pay for it. Trump and Pena Nieto will discuss renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement scheduled for August, as well as cooperation in combating drug cartels and development in Central America, the Foreign Ministry said. Pena Nieto will also talk about the rights of Mexican migrants in the United States, the ministry said. Later on Wednesday, Pena Nieto and Videgaray met with U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who was visiting Mexico ahead of the G20 summit along with CIA Director Mike Pompeo. According to a statement from Pena Nieto’s office, both sides agreed to work together on security and Pena Nieto praised the Trump administration’s decision to keep in place a program that allows some immigrants, brought into the country illegally by their parents, to stay. One topic not on the agenda at the encounter in Hamburg is Trump’s pledge to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, Videgaray said in an earlier television interview.   In late January, a planned meeting between the two presidents was canceled following a Twitter dispute over Trump’s pledge to make Mexico pay for the wall, which the Mexican government has insisted it will not do. Trump has since said he will find a way for Mexico to repay the United States for construction of the wall but that Congress would need to fund it first. His administration also toned down threats to pull out of the NAFTA pact with Mexico and Canada. Last August, during Trump’s presidential campaign, he accepted an invitation to visit Mexico in what became a public relations disaster for Pena Nieto, who was widely condemned for inviting a man who has united Mexicans like few others in shared disdain. ",1
2903,UK PM May to hold bilateral meeting with Trump at G20: UK govt. official,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will hold a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at the G20 summit in Hamburg on Friday, a British government official said on Wednesday. The official declined to comment on what issues May planned to raise with Trump. ",1
2904,Most American voters support limited travel ban: poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Six in 10 American voters support the new ban on people from six predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States unless they can show they have a close relative here, according to opinion poll results released on Wednesday. The Politico-Morning Consult poll found 37 percent of voters said they “strongly supported” the new U.S. State Department guidelines that would deny visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen who do not have close relatives in the United States. Another 23 percent of voters said they “somewhat support” the guidelines. The poll was conducted online on Thursday and Friday following a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that partly upheld the ban, with 1,989 registered voters taking part. The poll results' margin of error was 2 percentage points, meaning results could vary that much either way. (Link to the poll: politi.co/2uJLfoO) The survey asked respondents whether they support or oppose the State Department’s new guidelines, “which say visa applicants from six predominately Muslim countries must prove a close family relationship with a U.S. resident in order to enter the country.” It did not mention U.S. President Donald Trump, nor the president’s executive orders on immigration.  The Supreme Court ruled on June 26 that the temporary travel ban could proceed so long as visa applicants with a “bona fide relationship” with a person or entity in the United States were exempted.  A year before his election, Trump promised voters he would seek a temporary “total and complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the United States. Trump said it was necessary to prevent attacks by Islamist militants, while critics said it was a needlessly discriminatory policy that could inflame prejudice against Muslims in the United States and abroad. The partial ban, which took effect on Thursday, was most strongly supported by Trump’s fellow Republicans, 83 percent of whom approved. Even among Democratic voters, only 46 percent said they were opposed.  Forty-one percent of Democrats said they support it, and the remaining 13 percent said they “don’t know.”   The Supreme Court allowed the ban, which bars people from the designated six countries for 90 days and refugees from any country for 120 days, to take effect until it can take up the case during its next term starting in October. ",1
2905,"In Afghanistan, U.S. senators call for coherent policy from Trump"," (This story corrects the number of U.S. and other foreign troops in Afghanistan, paragraphs 15, 16.) KABUL (Reuters) - A bipartisan delegation of U.S. senators visiting Afghanistan on Tuesday called for a new strategy from the Trump administration to turn the tide against an increasingly strong Taliban insurgency and end the longest war in U.S. history. The delegation led by Senator John McCain was in Kabul on a regional trip that included two days in neighboring Pakistan. The visit preceded an expected Trump review later in the month of the strategy for the United States’ longest war, now in its 16th year, a subject that was largely absent from last year’s presidential campaign. Since the exit of most foreign troops in 2014, Afghanistan’s U.S.-backed government has lost ground to a Taliban insurgency in a war that kills and maims thousands of civilians each year and has made Afghanistan the second-ranking country in people seeking refugee status abroad last year, behind Syria. McCain said in a Kabul press briefing on Tuesday at NATO-coalition headquarters that “none of us would say that we are on a course to success here in Afghanistan”. “That needs to change and quickly,” added McCain, a sharp critic of Trump within their Republican party.   McCain was accompanied by U.S. senators Lindsey Graham, Elizabeth Warren, Sheldon Whitehouse and David Perdue on the regional tour. Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, said she came to get “the view on the ground about what is happening” in Afghanistan. “We need a strategy in the United States that defines our role in Afghanistan, defines our objective and explains how we can get from here to there,” Warren said. U.S. officials have told Reuters that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will present Trump with strategic options for  Afghanistan by mid-July.  Last month, Trump gave Mattis the authority to set American troop levels in Afghanistan, but as commander in chief Trump must sign off on an overall strategy for the war. U.S. security officials have privately said the most likely options will be to increase training and air support by 3,000-5,000 troops for still-inexperienced Afghan security forces, while also tracking down al Qaeda, Islamic State and other global Islamist militants based in Afghanistan.  The commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, has said “several thousand” more foreign troops – mostly trainers -  are needed to break a military stalemate with the Taliban. In 2001, a U.S.-backed military intervention in Afghanistan toppled the Taliban regime, whose ultra-hardline interpretation of sharia (Islamic law) banned most women from public life and executed people not seen as sufficiently pious, such as men with beards not considered long enough. More than 15 years later, about 13,000 U.S. and allied troops remain in Afghanistan as part of a training and advising mission in support of an elected government that has increasingly been losing ground to a Taliban insurgency that now controls or contests some 40 percent of territory. Several thousand more American troops operate under a counterterrorism mission aimed at groups like Islamic State and al Qaeda. ",1
2906,Groups see climate science review as chance to undercut regulation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration will soon begin a review that will question the veracity of the climate change science used by President Barack Obama’s administration as the basis for environmental regulations.  The move by the Environmental Protection Agency to launch public debates between scientists on climate research, known as red-team, blue-team exercises, would be the first major effort by the Republican administration to challenge the long-standing scientific consensus on human-caused climate change.  Advocates who have petitioned the EPA to reverse the scientific finding underlying U.S. regulations governing greenhouse gas emissions see the proposal to scrutinize mainstream climate science as a first step in that direction. “It’s a way to survey the landscape before reopening the endangerment finding,” said Myron Ebell, head of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, one of the groups that filed a petition with the agency to undo the 2009 scientific determination that formed the basis for the Democratic Obama administration’s regulation of greenhouse gases. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that the EPA had authority under the federal Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gases from cars if the agency determined they endangered human health.  EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has spoken several times about the merits of opening the climate change debate up to the public. The website Climatewire on Friday cited a senior administration official, who said Pruitt plans to launch the back-and-forth scientific critiques formally.  Francis Menton, a lawyer who filed an endangerment finding petition in January on behalf of the Concerned Household Electricity Consumers Council, said Pruitt told an event at the Manhattan Institute think tank in New York on Friday that he would launch the debates in the next few months. Menton said he asked Pruitt whether he had made a decision on reopening the endangerment finding. Pruitt said the agency is weighing its options. The review “can create a body of scientific work that can be trustworthy and dependable to make regulatory choices and decisions,” said Rob Henneke, of the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a third group that filed an endangerment finding petition.  Unlike the other two, it has challenged the legality of the endangerment finding, not the science. Environmental groups are confident that Pruitt will not be successful if he tries to undo the endangerment finding because they expect the courts will side with the scientific consensus that human beings cause climate change. Pruitt and the EPA would need to build up a new case that shows carbon dioxide is innocuous and counter the volumes of scientific research that support the finding. “If he has any grasp of scientific and legal reality, he would realize that it’s a fool’s errand to reverse the endangerment determination,” said David Doniger, climate director for the Natural Resources Defense Counsel.  “This could be a way for him to keep the right-wing fringe groups occupied and also accomplish the goal of further confusing the public debate,” he said. Ebell, who was also the transition leader of the Trump EPA, had previously been critical of Pruitt’s hesitation to take on the endangerment finding because of the time and staffing it would require.  The Trump administration has not yet appointed second-tier assistant administrators to run different policy divisions of the agency. “I think (the red-team, blue-team process) is a logical first step, but I don’t think it commits the administrator to anything yet,” Ebell said. ",1
2907,"Illinois House to take up governor's budget, tax vetoes","CHICAGO (Reuters) - The fate of a spending plan and tax hike aimed at ending Illinois’ unprecedented two-year budget impasse moved on Tuesday to the Democratic-controlled House of Representatives, which will seek to enact the legislation by overriding the Republican governor’s vetoes. Steve Brown, a spokesman for Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan, gave no time frame on possible House votes, though some House Democrats posted on their social media accounts that voting would take place on Thursday. “We’re still assessing when the best day will be for the people who supported passage of the legislation to return and deal with the veto message,” Brown said in an interview.  In an action-packed Fourth of July holiday session, the Democratic-led Senate gave final legislative approval to a $36 billion fiscal 2018 budget and $5 billion tax increase package passed by the House Sunday and Monday.  Within hours, Governor Bruce Rauner vetoed the trio of budget and revenue measures. The Senate then quickly overrode the vetoes, moving the final override to enact the bills over the governor’s vetoes to the House.  A stalemate between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has left the nation’s fifth-largest state without a complete budget for two fiscal years. While fiscal 2018 began on Saturday, lawmakers have been scrambling to piece together a spending and revenue plan to avoid Illinois becoming the first-ever U.S. state whose credit is rated junk. Ted Hampton, an analyst at Moody’s Investors Service, which rates Illinois at Baa3, one notch above junk, said on Tuesday a continuation of the state’s budget impasse would not bode well from a credit standpoint. “That’s going to be a negative for the state’s credit position not reflected in its (current) rating,” he said. In his veto message, the governor lashed out at lawmakers for passing budget measures that he said would make Illinois’ fiscal woes worse. “The package of legislation fails to address Illinois’ fiscal and economic crisis – and in fact, makes it worse in the long run. It does not balance the budget. It does not make nearly sufficient spending reductions, does not pay down our debt, and holds schools hostage to force a Chicago bailout,” Rauner said. The House on Tuesday adjourned until Wednesday without taking action on the override resolutions, a result of diminished ranks on a national holiday. Only 54 of the chamber’s 118 members were present on Tuesday afternoon - too few to conduct business under House rules. Among the missing were five of 15 House Republicans who had been vital for the tax increase piece of the budget package to pass on Saturday with 73 votes. Seventy-one votes are necessary to block Rauner’s vetoes. The House speaker’s spokesman, Brown, said he did not foresee any danger that previous votes in support of the budget - including from the 15 Republicans - would flip toward the governor, endangering the override push. ",1
2908,"Maine, New Jersey end state government shutdowns","(Reuters) - New Jersey and Maine ended partial government shutdowns just in time for the Fourth of July holiday on Tuesday, helping New Jersey Governor Chris Christie move past the embarrassment of being photographed on a beach that had been closed to the public. Both states had suspended non-essential services for three days after failing to reach budget agreements. Their Republican governors signed the budget bills after late-night negotiations with their respective state legislatures. New Jersey and Maine were two of nine states that had missed their deadlines for enacting budgets in time for the July 1 start of the fiscal year. Christie signed a $34.7 billion budget measure that included reshaping the state’s largest health insurer, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey, which covers 3.8 million people in the state. All state parks and beaches would be open for the Fourth of July holiday and state offices would be open as usual on Wednesday, the governor said. Christie had remained unapologetic after the Star-Ledger newspaper captured the photos by hiring a plane to fly the New Jersey coastline, showing Christie with family and friends on a state beach on Sunday that was otherwise deserted because of the shutdown. The scandal became a popular topic on social media with images of Christie in his beach chair superimposed into places such as famous beach scenes in the movies “From Here to Eternity” and “Planet of the Apes.” Christie played down the kerfuffle. “If they had flown that plane over the beach and I was sitting next to a 25-year-old blonde in that beach chair next to me, that’s a story,” Christie said. While states have mostly recovered since the 2007-2009 recession, their revenue growth has not always kept pace with the national economy. Illinois is in its third year without an enacted budget. In Connecticut and Pennsylvania, lower-than-anticipated income tax collections exacerbated budget gaps and led to disputes over how to close them. Maine Governor Paul LePage announced on Twitter that he had signed a budget for the fiscal years 2018 and 2019. “The Maine state government shutdown is now over. Happy Fourth of July!” LePage said. “I have signed a budget with no tax increase. I thank the House Republicans for standing strong for the Maine people,” he said in a second tweet.Maine state police, parks and offices responsible for collecting revenue had all planned to work through the shutdown, the state’s first since 1991. ",1
2909,Illinois governor announces veto of $5 billion tax hike,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner announced on Tuesday his veto of a $5 billion income tax rate hike that was the lynchpin of a newly passed bipartisan budget package designed to end the state’s record-setting fiscal impasse, he announced via social media. “I just vetoed Speaker Madigan’s 32 percent permanent income tax increase,” the Republican governor announced in posts to his Facebook and Twitter accounts, referring to Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan, the package’s main legislative architect. The posts did not disclose whether he had taken similar action on spending and borrowing measures that made up the entire package. ",1
2910,Pressure builds on Trump at home over pledge for closer Moscow ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During his presidential campaign, Republican Donald Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a “strong leader” with whom he would like to reset tense U.S.-Russian relations. But as Trump heads to his first face-to-face meeting as president with Putin on Friday at the G20 summit in Germany, he is under pressure at home to take a tough line with the Kremlin. Allegations of Russian meddling in last year’s U.S. election have alarmed both Republican and Democratic lawmakers, who are pushing to extend tough sanctions placed on Russia following its 2014 annexation of Crimea, a peninsula belonging to Ukraine. Lawmakers including Republican Senator Cory Gardner are also concerned Russia has prolonged the civil war in Syria by backing its President Bashar al-Assad, a strongman whose forces have used chemical weapons against insurgents and civilians. The chaos has fueled instability in the region and a flood of migrants to Europe. “President (Trump) needs to make it clear that the continued aggression by Russia around the globe ... is unacceptable, and that they will be held accountable,” said Gardner, who was among six lawmakers invited by the White House last month to discuss foreign policy with Trump over dinner. Meanwhile, the appointment of a special counsel who is investigating potential links between the Russian government and members of the Trump campaign has weakened the president’s ability to maneuver with Russia, foreign policy experts say. The U.S. intelligence community has concluded Russia sponsored hacking of Democratic Party groups last year to benefit Trump over his Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton. Russia has denied those allegations while Trump has repeatedly dismissed the idea of any coordination between his campaign and Russia as a “witch hunt.” Still, just the optics of Trump meeting with Putin, a former KGB agent, are fraught with risk, foreign policy experts say. “If (Trump) smiles, if he wraps his arm around Putin, if he says, ‘I’m honored to meet you, we’re going to find a way forward,’ ... I think Congress is going to react extremely negatively to that,” said Julie Smith, a former national security aide in the Obama administration. Trump has signaled an interest in cooperating with Russia to defeat Islamic State in Syria and to reduce nuclear stockpiles. The White House has been mum on what Trump would be willing to give Russia in exchange for that help. But there has been speculation he could ratchet down sanctions, or even return two Russian diplomatic compounds in Maryland and Long Island. President Barack Obama seized those facilities and expelled 35 Russian diplomats just before he left office as punishment for the election hacks. While some administration officials, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, also support engagement, others, such as Vice President Mike Pence and U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, have taken a hawkish line on Russia. The lack of a unified strategy has left U.S. allies anxious. And it has lowered expectations for American leadership to help resolve crises in Syria and Ukraine, where Russian cooperation would be critical. “Trump is like a horse with his front legs tied,” said a German diplomat, who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity. “He can’t make any big leaps forward on Russia. If he tried people would immediately suspect it was all part of some big conspiracy.” Trump’s administration is still reviewing its Russia policy, a process that may not be wrapped up for a couple of months, a U.S. official said. Speaking with reporters last week about Trump’s upcoming meeting with Putin, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said his boss would like “the United States and the entire West to develop a more constructive relationship with Russia. But he’s also made clear that we will do what is necessary to confront Russia’s destabilizing behavior.” Trump is just the latest president to grapple with the complicated U.S.-Russia dynamic. George W. Bush and Obama sought to improve the U.S. relationship with Russia early in their administrations only to see relations deteriorate later. Among the concerns for this president is Trump’s apparent lack of interest in policy details and his tendency to wing it with foreign leaders.  McMaster told reporters that Trump has “no specific agenda” for his meeting with Putin and that topics would consist of “whatever the president wants to talk about.” Michael McFaul, who was U.S. ambassador to Russia under Obama, said he feared Trump might be headed to the meeting without clear objectives. “I hope that he would think about first: what is our objective in Ukraine? What is our objective in Syria? And secondarily, how do I go about achieving that in my meeting with Putin?” McFaul said. Other Washington veterans say Trump won’t be able to make meaningful progress with Russia on anything until he confronts Putin about the suspected election meddling. “(Trump) really has to raise the Russian election hacking last year, and has to say something like, ‘Vladimir, don’t do this again. There will be consequences,’” said Steve Pifer, a long-time State Department official focused on U.S.-Russia relations. So far Trump has shown little inclination to do so, a situation that has heightened speculation about the potential impact from his coming encounter with the Russian leader.    “The shadow of all these investigations hangs over this,” said Angela Stent, a professor at Georgetown University and former National Intelligence Officer for Russia. ",1
2911,Trump to promote U.S. natgas exports in Russia's backyard,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will use fast-growing supplies of U.S. natural gas as a political tool when he meets in Warsaw on Thursday with leaders of a dozen countries that are captive to Russia for their energy needs. In recent years, Moscow has cut off gas shipments during pricing disputes with neighboring countries in winter months. Exports from the United States would help reduce their dependence on Russia. Trump will tell the group that Washington wants to help allies by making it as easy as possible for U.S. companies to ship more liquefied natural gas (LNG) to central and eastern Europe, the White House said. Trump will attend the “Three Seas” summit - so named because several of its members surround the Adriatic, Baltic and Black Seas - before the Group of 20 leading economies meet in Germany, where he is slated to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time. Among the aims of the Three Seas project is to expand regional energy infrastructure, including LNG import terminals and gas pipelines. Members of the initiative include Poland, Austria, Hungary and Russia’s neighbors Latvia and Estonia.  Trump’s presence will give the project a lift, said James Jones, a former NATO Supreme Allied Commander. Increased U.S. gas exports to the region would help weaken the impact of Russia using energy as a weapon or bargaining chip, said Jones.      “I think the United States can show itself as a benevolent country by exporting energy and by helping countries that don’t have adequate supplies become more self-sufficient and less dependent and less threatened,” he said. Trump’s Russia policy is still taking shape, a process made awkward by investigations into intelligence findings that Russia tried to meddle in the 2016 U.S. presidential race. Russia denies the allegations and Trump says his team did not collude with Moscow.  Lawmakers in Trump’s Republican Party, many of whom want to see him take a hard line on Russia because of its interference in the election and in crises in Ukraine and Syria, support using gas exports for political leverage. “It undermines the strategies of Putin and other strong men who are trying to use the light switch as an element of strategic offense,” said Senator Cory Gardner, a Republican from Colorado who is on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The Kremlin relies on oil and gas revenue to finance the state budget, so taking market share would hurt Moscow. “In many ways, the LNG exports by the U.S. is the most threatening U.S. policy to Russia,” said Michal Baranowski, director of the Warsaw office of think-tank the German Marshall Fund. The U.S. is expected to become the world’s third-largest exporter of LNG in 2020, just four years after starting up its first export terminal. U.S. exporters have sold most of that gas in long-term contracts, but there are still some volumes on offer, and more export projects on the drawing board. Cheniere Energy Inc (LNG.A), which opened the first U.S. LNG export terminal in 2016, delivered its first cargo to Poland in June. Five more terminals are expected to be online by 2020. Tellurian Inc (TELL.O) has proposed a project with a price tag of as much as $16 billion that it hopes to complete by 2022, in time to compete for long-term contracts to supply Poland that expire the same year and are held by Russian gas giant Gazprom (GAZP.MM). “We would like to be a supplier that competes for that market,” Tellurian Chief Executive Meg Gentle told Reuters. A global glut in supply may, however, limit U.S. LNG export growth, regardless of Trump’s support. The glut has depressed prices and made it difficult for LNG exporters to turn a profit, said Adam Sieminski, an energy analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Russia has the advantage in Europe due to its proximity and pipeline connections. “Europe is going to be the great competitive arena between Russian gas and LNG,” said Daniel Yergin, the Pulitzer Prize-winning oil historian and vice-chairman with IHS Markit analysis firm. Europeans will be watching to see whether Trump clarifies his administration’s position on a new pipeline to pump Russian gas to Germany, known as Nord Stream 2. The U.S. Senate in June passed a package of sanctions on Russia, including provisions to penalize Western firms involved in the pipeline. The new sanctions have stalled in the House of Representatives. The U.S. State Department has lobbied against the pipeline as a potential supply chokepoint that would make Europe more vulnerable to disruptions. The threat of sanctions adds to tensions between Washington and Berlin. Germany’s government supports the pipeline, and Trump’s position on it is a concern for European diplomats. ",1
2912,Trump administration defends interpretation of travel ban ruling,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump opposed opening the door to grandparents from six Muslim-majority countries on Monday, arguing in a court filing that the government’s interpretation of how to implement its temporary travel ban is based on U.S. immigration law. The U.S. Supreme Court in a ruling last Monday revived parts of Trump’s March 6 executive order that banned people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, which had been blocked by lower courts. The highest court let the ban go forward with a limited scope, saying that it cannot apply to anyone with credible “bona fide relationship” with a U.S. person or entity. Trump said the measure was necessary to prevent terrorist attacks. But opponents, including states and refugee advocacy groups, sued to stop it, disputing its security rationale and saying it discriminates against Muslims. After the Supreme Court ruling, the government said that a “bona fide relationship” means close family members only: parents, spouses, siblings and children. Grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews and cousins from the six countries would still be banned.  The government’s definition, “hews closely to the categorical determinations articulated by Congress in the Immigration and Nationality Act,” Department of Justice lawyers argued in court papers on Monday.   The government’s filing came after the State of Hawaii last week went to U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu, who originally ruled to block the ban, to seek clarification of the Supreme Court’s ruling, arguing the government’s definition of “bona fide relationship” was too narrow. The government said Hawaii, and refugee organizations that filed a “friend of the court” brief in support of the state, were seeking to apply “broader, free-hand rules.” The refugee organizations had argued that their work to resettle refugees, a process that can take years of work in coordination with the U.S. government, qualifies as a “bona fide” relationship with a U.S. entity. Any refugees with such a relationship should be exempt from the three-month ban on refugees included in the executive order, according to the Supreme Court ruling.  But the government said workers with offers of employment with a U.S. company and international students are fundamentally different than refugees receiving help from U.S. resettlement agencies. “A refugee’s relationship with the agency flows from the government, not from an independent relationship between the refugee and the resettlement agency,” the government said in its brief. “Indeed, resettlement agencies typically do not have any direct contact with the refugees they assure before their arrival in the United States.”  Using the organization’s interpretation would make the refugee provisions in the executive order “largely meaningless,” the government said.  U.S. refugee resettlement is continuing as normal until July 6, the State Department has said, around when the 50,000 cap for the fiscal year set by Trump’s executive order is likely to be reached.  Late on Thursday, before the ban went into effect, the government reversed its position on fiancés, saying they could also qualify for exceptions. The court filing described a 72-hour scramble to “coordinate among multiple government agencies, and issue detailed guidance” on how to implement the Supreme Court’s ruling.  The roll out of the narrowed version of the ban was more subdued on Friday compared to in January when Trump first signed a more expansive version of the order, sparking protests and chaos at airports around the country and the world. ",1
2913,Three more states refuse Trump commission's voter data request,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Maryland, Delaware and Louisiana on Monday joined a growing number of U.S. states that have refused to hand over voter data to a commission established by President Donald Trump to investigate possible voting fraud. More than 20 states, including Virginia, Kentucky, California, New York and Massachusetts, have declined to provide some or all of the information that the panel requested, saying it was unnecessary and violated privacy. Republican Trump created the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity in May after making unsubstantiated claims that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in last November’s election. Calling the request “repugnant,” Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh said in a statement that his office had advised the State Board of Elections that the commission’s request was illegal. The request “appears designed only to intimidate voters and to indulge President Trump’s fantasy that he won the popular vote,” Frosh said. The commission sent a letter to the 50 states asking them to turn over voter information including names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliations, felony convictions and voting histories.  Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler said the presidential commission could purchase the limited information legally available to candidates running for office. “You’re not going to play politics with Louisiana’s voter data,” he said in a statement. Delaware Elections Commissioner Elaine Manlove said in an interview with Milford’s WXDE-FM radio that her office would not comply since some of the information was confidential. Manlove said she was working with the attorney general’s office to see if the request could be denied completely. Trump has blasted the states who have refused to turn over the data. He said in a tweet on Saturday, “What are they trying to hide?” Trump won the White House through victory in the Electoral College, which tallies wins in states, but he lost the popular vote to Clinton by some 3 million votes. He has claimed he would have won the popular vote had it not been for voter fraud. Civil rights activists say the commission will encourage voter suppression by justifying new barriers to voting, such as requiring identity cards to vote. ",1
2914,Trump considering lawyer for White House Russia role: sources,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump is considering adding a veteran Washington lawyer to the White House counsel’s office to deal with Russia-related issues, people familiar with the matter said. Ty Cobb, a white-collar defense lawyer with the firm of Hogan Lovells and a former federal prosecutor, met with Trump about a week ago, another person said. White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the administration had “no announcement at this time.”  Cobb did not respond to requests for comment except to say he was on vacation. Cobb, 66, represented a number of individuals in government investigations during the Clinton administration, including former Democratic National Committee fundraiser John Huang and former White House aide David Watkins. Trump has been seeking a senior-level lawyer to join the office led by White House Counsel Don McGahn to focus on the various Russia investigations, one of the people said. In addition to a probe by special counsel Robert Mueller, several congressional panels are investigating Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and potential collusion by Trump’s campaign. Moscow has denied any interference and Trump has denied any collusion. The role Cobb met with Trump about is separate from the legal team gathering to represent the president personally. That team, led by New York lawyer Marc Kasowitz, now includes constitutional lawyer and evangelical radio talk show host Jay Sekulow, Washington lawyer John Dowd, and Michael Bowe, a partner at Kasowitz’s firm. According to sources familiar with the matter, lawyers from major firms have turned down joining Trump’s outside legal team, citing conflicts at their firms and concerns Trump would not listen to them.   Others lawyers have also turned down the role for which Cobb is being considered. William Burck, a partner at Quinn Emanuel, and Emmet Flood, a partner at Williams & Connolly, both turned down the opportunity, according to people familiar with the matter. Cobb, a distant relative of the famous baseball player of the same name, graduated from Harvard University and earned his law degree at Georgetown. In the 1980s, he was a federal prosecutor in Baltimore, where he led a regional drug and organized crime task force.  Cobb has some experience with leaks, which Trump has repeatedly complained about in relation to the Russia probes. In 2006, Cobb represented former CIA official Mary McCarthy, who was fired after she was accused of providing classified information to reporters. No charges were brought against McCarthy. (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped words in paragraph four) ",1
2915,Details of first Putin-Trump meeting not yet settled: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and the United States are still discussing the timing of the first face-to-face encounter between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin, expected to take place at a G20 summit in Germany later this week, a Kremlin aide said on Monday. Since Trump was elected U.S. president, Russian has been keenly anticipating his first meeting with Putin, hoping it would trigger a reset in U.S.-Russia relations that plunged to post-Cold War lows under Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama. But with Trump embroiled in a row at home over his associates’ links to Moscow, the encounter with Putin has become a minefield. Too warm a meeting would allow Trump’s domestic opponents to accuse him of being a Kremlin stooge. Kremlin foreign policy aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters the Trump-Putin meeting would happen on the sidelines of the G20 summit, in Hamburg, but it was not yet finalised how it would fit into the summit’s schedule. “We will be looking for certain breaks, windows to hold this, the most important, meeting,” Ushakov said. “We have a lot of issues, which should be discussed at the highest level ... That’s why this meeting, this first personal contact, is so important.” Asked about the agenda for the meeting, Ushakov said: “I’ve heard the Americans want to raise the issues of terrorism and Syria. It seems to me that would be pretty reasonable.” Ushakov said that ties between Russia and the United States were at “zero level.” The Kremlin aide urged the United States “to save us from the need to retaliate” against Washington for expelling Russian diplomats and seizing two Russian diplomatic compounds on U.S. soil, one in Maryland and the other on Long Island. Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of the 35 Russians in late December last year, seized the compounds, and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies over what he said was their involvement in hacking political groups in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Russian has denied interfering in the U.S. election. Putin said at the time he would not retaliate immediately, in the expectation that relations would improve under Trump. With no thaw materializing yet, Russian officials have said this month that they may now have to take “symmetrical” steps in retaliation. ",1
2916,"Maine, New Jersey lawmakers scramble to end partial government shutdowns","(Reuters) - Partial government shutdowns in Maine and New Jersey stretched to a second day on Sunday as lawmakers returned to their respective state capitals in a bid to break budget impasses that have led to the suspension of many nonessential services. In Maine, a bipartisan budget committee met in Augusta in hopes of breaking a stalemate between Republican Governor Paul LePage and Democratic lawmakers. The shutdown came after LePage threatened to veto a compromise reached by lawmakers in the state’s $7.055 billion, two-year budget. At New Jersey’s statehouse in Trenton, there was little evidence of progress in resolving a fight over a health insurance bill that Republican Governor Chris Christie said must be passed alongside the state’s budget.  Maine state police, parks and all offices responsible for collecting revenue planned to operate during the shutdown, the state’s first since 1991, but the majority of 12,000 state employees will be furloughed. New Jersey residents were not so lucky. With the July 4 holiday weekend in full swing, the shutdown there included the closure of Island State Beach Park, one of New Jersey’s few free public beaches, and all other state parks.  Although he beach park was closed to the public, Christie took a state helicopter on Saturday to a gubernatorial residence there to be with family and said he would go back on Sunday night.  “That’s just the way it goes. Run for governor, and you have can have a residence there,” he said when pressed on the issue.  At a news conference on Sunday afternoon, the governor said he had not spoken since Friday to Democratic holdouts.  The impasse could mean a furlough for 30,000 to 35,000 state employees on Monday. In Maine, the stalled budget proposal would have repealed a measure voters approved in November for a 3 percent income tax hike on residents earning more than $200,000 a year. It also contained a 1.5 percent increase in the lodging tax, while increasing funding for public education by $162 million. LePage has promised to veto any spending plan that raises taxes. A six-member bipartisan House-Senate budget panel huddled into the evening on Sunday seeking to reach a deal that would win the two-thirds vote needed for passage of an emergency budget bill in both legislative chambers. Mary-Erin Casale, a spokeswoman for Democratic House Speaker Sara Gideon, said a new compromise could be ready for a vote as early as Monday morning, about the time state employees planned to protest the shutdown at the capitol. A spokeswoman for the governor could not be reached for comment on Sunday. At the center of New Jersey’s stalemate was a plan by Christie to shake up the state’s largest health insurer, Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield, which he said lacked sufficient transparency and spent too much on salaries.  He threatened to cut $150 million in school funding and other items unless lawmakers adopt his proposal, which would redirect some of Horizon’s reserves to drug addiction treatment and other services. Christie offered to hear Democrats’ proposals for breaking the impasse, saying: “It should end today,” but acknowledged a settlement was unlikely so soon. Christie, a former presidential contender whose reputation was tarnished by the Bridgegate traffic scandal involving some of his closest aides, ranks as the least popular governor in state history. He is in his second and final term. Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto and other Democrats have criticized the Horizon bill as “bad public policy,” insisting that it be considered after the budget is passed. Christie blamed Prieto for the shutdown and vowed on Sunday to stand by the Horizon bill, saying: “I got elected by a lot more people than Vinnie Prieto did.” ",1
2917,"Illinois House passes $5 billion tax package, spending plan","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ Democratic-controlled House of Representatives passed big, permanent increases in income tax rates and a $36 billion fiscal 2018 spending plan on Sunday with the help of some Republican votes as the cash-strapped state scrambled to stave off a bond rating downgrade to junk.     The $5 billion tax package, which passed in a 72-45 vote and drew an immediate veto threat from Republican Governor Bruce Rauner, would boost the personal income tax rate to 4.95 percent from 3.75 percent and the corporate rate to 7 percent from 5.25 percent. It would also close tax loopholes and expand tax credits. The spending plan won passage in a 81-34 vote. Both bills now head to the Democratic-led Senate, which returns to session on Monday, for concurrence votes. The country’s fifth most populous state began an unprecedented third-straight fiscal year on Saturday without a complete budget. A fiscal stalemate between Illinois’ governor and Democrats who control the legislature has pounded the state’s credit ratings to a step above junk and ballooned its unpaid bill backlog to $15 billion. The pair of decisive House votes set Democrats on a collision course with Rauner, who vowed to veto the 32 percent personal income tax hike he pinned to House Speaker Michael Madigan.  “The legislature could have passed a no reform budget like this one two years ago,” Rauner said in a statement. “Instead, they allowed Mike Madigan to play his political games, passed phony budgets, racked up our debt and inflicted pain on the most vulnerable.” Rauner has insisted for two years that a budget be coupled with a property tax freeze and legislative term limits, among other things. In order for Rauner to match his tough words with results, he will have to persuade at least two of the 15 House Republicans to switch their yes votes in favor of the tax hike legislation. The measure passed the House with one more vote than the threshold necessary to override a gubernatorial veto. In his own statement after the votes, Madigan praised how Republicans and Democrats together took a “crucial step toward reaching a compromise that ends the budget crisis by passing a fully funded state budget in a bipartisan way.” The tax legislation would give the state a revenue boost to support a full-year budget and start paying down the bill pile that was on track to grow even larger after a federal judge on Friday ordered increased payments on Medicaid provider bills. In giving Democratic supporters the narrow margin to move the legislation to the state Senate, some House Republicans shed tears during debate, predicted their tax votes could topple them politically in next year’s elections and delivered a pointed challenge to Rauner to set aside his budgetary preconditions and do what was right for the state’s fiscal health. “I say to the governor, if these bills pass the House and Senate, the revenue bill and expenditure bill, we will have sent you a balanced budget. Have the courage to do what is right and sign the bills,” said State Representative David Harris, who was among 15 Republicans to side with Democrats. “Bring this madness to an end.” Their defiance came after House Republican Leader Jim Durkin, a Rauner ally, noted the deal was not negotiated with the governor and did not represent “an exercise in good faith,” given that negotiations involving some of the governor’s non-budgetary priorities were shunted to the sidelines. ",1
2918,"Trump praises veterans, hits media at Kennedy Center event","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump honored military veterans in Washington on Saturday at a Kennedy Center event that resembled both a political rally and an evangelical Christian religious service ahead of the July 4 Independence Day holiday. Using the podium again to lash out at the news media, Trump worked to energize evangelicals in his political base, noting that the U.S. currency was inscribed with the words: “In God We Trust.” “Since the signing of the Declaration of Independence 241 years ago, America always affirmed that liberty comes from our creator. Our rights are given to us by God, and no earthly force can ever take those rights away,” he said. Attendees at the event for veterans waved miniature American flags from their seats in the theater and raised their hands as a sign of praise while a large choir sang ahead of Trump’s remarks. The president praised veterans from each of the U.S. military branches and highlighted his administration’s work to reform veterans’ services. Trump, who is spending a long weekend at his property in Bedminster, New Jersey, flew back to Washington for the rally but did not spend the night at the White House, preferring to return to Bedminster. Later, in a rare late-night post on Twitter, which he uses prolifically and sometimes controversially, Trump wrote: “We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in defense of our country.” Trump has held campaign-like rallies regularly during his first few months in the White House and kicked off his own re-election campaign far earlier than other incumbents in recent history. Part of his strategy to connect with his supporters has included criticizing the media, and he included harsh words for the press again in his remarks. “The fake media is trying to silence us, but we will not let them,” he said. “The fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House. But I’m president, and they’re not.”  ",1
2919,"Trump discusses concern over Qatar dispute with Gulf, Arab states in calls","BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke separately to the leaders of Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi and Qatar on Sunday to discuss his “concerns about the ongoing dispute” between Qatar and its Gulf and Arab neighbors, the White House said. Trump, who is spending a long weekend at his property in New Jersey, spoke to Saudi Arabia’s King Salman bin Abdulaziz, as well as Abu Dhabi’s crown prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, and Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al-Thani.  “He reiterated the importance of stopping terrorist financing and discrediting extremist ideology. The president also underscored that unity in the region is critical to accomplishing the Riyadh Summit’s goals of defeating terrorism and promoting regional stability,” the White House said. “President Trump, nevertheless, believes that the overriding objective of his initiative is the cessation of funding for terrorism,” it said. Qatar faces possible further sanctions by Arab states that have severed ties with Doha over allegations of links to terrorism. A deadline to accept their demands was originally expected to expire on Sunday night before Saudi Arabia and three allies agreed to a request from Kuwait to extend it by 48 hours. Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani said the demands were made to be rejected, adding that the Arab ultimatum was aimed not at tackling terrorism but at curtailing his country’s sovereignty. Gulf countries have insisted the demands were non- negotiable. The United Arab Emirates ambassador to Russia has said that Qatar could face fresh sanctions if it does not comply with the demands. The feud erupted last month when Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic and travel ties with Qatar, accusing it of supporting terrorism and being an ally of regional foe Iran, charges that Doha denies. The rift opened days after Trump met Arab leaders in Riyadh and called for unity against regional threats such as Iran and hardline Islamist militant groups. A State Department official said on Sunday the United States encourages “all parties to exercise restraint to allow for productive diplomatic discussions. We are not going to get ahead of those discussions. We fully support Kuwaiti mediation.” ",1
2920,"Trump discusses North Korea threat in calls with China, Japan leaders","BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Sunday and discussed the threat posed by North Korea, the White House said. “Both leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. President Trump reiterated his determination to seek more balanced trade relations with America’s trading partners,” the White House said of Trump’s call with Xi. Trump has become increasingly frustrated with China’s inability to rein in North Korea. Trump and Abe, in their call, reiterated their commitment to increase pressure on North Korea. “They reaffirmed that the United States-Japan Alliance stands ready to defend and respond to any threat or action taken by North Korea,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
2921,China's Xi says he hopes U.S. handles Taiwan issue appropriately,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China hopes the United States can handle the Taiwan issue appropriately, in accordance with the “one China” principle,  President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday,  state media said. “Negative factors” have affected Sino-U.S. relations, and China has already expressed its position to the United States, Xi told Trump, according to a read-out of a telephone call between the leaders carried by state television. The two also discussed the “peace and stability of the Korean peninsula”, the report added, without elaborating. ",1
2922,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter - Media, American troops, Stock market","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : -#FraudNewsCNN #FNN [0921 EDT] -The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #AmericaFirst [1604 EDT]  -Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger! [1955 EDT]  -America’s men & women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, & GOOD defeating EVIL! -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2923,"Trump tweets mock video of himself tackling, punching CNN logo"," BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump stepped up his feud with the media on Sunday by tweeting a mock video of himself tackling and repeatedly striking a man with a CNN logo super-imposed in place of his head, followed by a logo saying “Fraud News Network.”  The video appeared to be a modified version of a 2007 appearance by Trump at World Wrestling Entertainment’s WrestleMania 23 promotion, in which Trump “takes down” WWE Chairman Vince McMahon. In Sunday’s video, McMahon’s head has been replaced with the CNN logo.  After Trump appears to beat on the CNN effigy, a logo, ""FNN Fraud News Network"" appears at the bottom of the screen in script similar to that of CNN.  Trump appointed McMahon’s wife, Linda McMahon, as the head of the Small Business Administration, a Cabinet-level agency. She was active in the management of WWE for many years.  As a presidential candidate and as commander-in-chief, Trump has repeatedly made known his disdain for the media, calling it “the enemy of the American people” and frequently referring to mainstream news organizations as “failing” or “fake news.” He has been particularly scathing of CNN.  The video takes his criticism to a new level and drew criticism from CNN and on social media.  “It is a sad day when the President of the United States encourages violence against reporters,” CNN said in a statement.  “Instead of preparing for his overseas trip, his first meeting with Vladimir Putin, dealing with North Korea and working on his health care bill, he is instead involved in juvenile behavior far below the dignity of his office,” CNN said.  Trump leaves later this week for a trip to Poland and Germany, where he will attend a meeting of Group of 20 leaders including the Russian president.  White House homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Thomas Bossert said the tweet was not a threat.  “I think that no one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don’t,” Bossert said on the ABC program “This Week.”  “But I do think that he’s beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to,” Bossert said.  The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, a group that advocates for journalists’ rights, condemned the president’s tweet and said it “glorified physical violence against members of the press.”  Bill Kristol, the conservative commentator and editor-at-large of The Weekly Standard, compared Trump’s actions to behavior that caused the fall of the Roman Empire.  “The speed with which we’re recapitulating the decline and fall of Rome is impressive. What took Rome centuries we’re achieving in months,” Kristol wrote in a Tweet.  Trump’s Sunday tweet followed his scathing and highly personal Twitter attack on two MSNBC anchors last week, which drew condemnation from Republicans, including Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan, and Democrats alike.  Trump, who is spending a long weekend at his property in Bedminster, New Jersey, took to Twitter on Saturday to call the media “fake” and “fraudulent.”  At an event honoring veterans at the Kennedy Center in Washington on Saturday evening, he told the crowd that the media had tried to stop him from coming to the White House.  “But I’m president, and they’re not,” he said.  ",1
2924,Trump blasts states for refusing to hand over voter data,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump lashed out on Saturday at the growing number of states refusing to give voters’ names, addresses and sensitive personal information to a commission he created to investigate alleged voter fraud. “Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL,” he wrote on Twitter. “What are they trying to hide?” More than 20 states, including Virginia, Kentucky, California, New York and Massachusetts, have declined to provide some or all of the information, saying it was unnecessary and violated privacy. “This commission was formed to try to find basis for the lie that President Trump put forward that has no foundation,” Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes told Reuters previously in an interview. The Republican president has made unsubstantiated claims that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in last November’s election. Trump’s Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, created in May, sent a letter to 50 states asking them to turn over voter information including names, the last four digits of Social Security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliations, felony convictions and voting histories. The request from commission Vice Chairman Kris Kobach has caused a backlash from state election officials. Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson said in a statement on Friday that while certain voter information is available to the public, the media, and any other person who requests the information, “the information is restricted to name, address and congressional district assignment.” Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann had said in a statement that he did not see the letter but would rebuff the commission. “They can go jump in the Gulf of Mexico, and Mississippi is a great state to launch from,” he said. Trump won the White House through victory in the Electoral College, which tallies wins in states, but he lost the popular vote to Clinton by some 3 million votes. He has claimed he would have won the popular vote had it not been for voter fraud. Civil rights activists say the commission will encourage voter suppression by justifying new barriers to voting, such as requiring identity cards to vote. ",1
2925,"As new fiscal year dawns, hope for Illinois budget dims","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Risking a historic drop to junk bond status, Illinois began its third straight fiscal year without a budget on Saturday as political maneuvering dimmed hopes for a bipartisan spending and revenue package anytime soon. While the House scheduled session on Sunday to take up a revenue package, the Senate is not slated to return until Monday. The nation’s fifth-largest state has lacked a full operating budget since July 2015 and is under a warning from S&P that it will drop Illinois’ creditworthiness to the lowest of any state in history if it fails to pass a fiscal 2018 budget that starts to address a chronic structural deficit. Talks between Democrats who control the Illinois House and Republicans had shown signs of progress as both sides rallied behind a $36.5 billion spending blueprint on Friday and were poised to build on that positive movement in a rare Fourth of July holiday weekend legislative session. Instead, tensions broke out on the House floor between House Republican Leader Jim Durkin and Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan, who initially informed the legislative chamber that no budget votes would be taken on Sunday. “Saying we’ll gavel out and return at some point [Sunday] to me does not send a message to Illinoisans that we’re prepared to bring this to resolution any time soon,” said Durkin, the Republican Party’s legislative proxy for Governor Bruce Rauner, who has stayed on the sidelines of recent budget negotiations. Madigan walked off the floor a short time later to the shout of “Speaker Junk” from State Representative Grant Wehrli, a suburban Chicago Republican. By late afternoon, Madigan reversed course and said there indeed would be a vote on a tax-increase package Sunday, neglecting any mention of accompanying votes on a local property tax freeze or workers compensation reforms that are two of Rauner’s key demands under negotiation. In a statement, Madigan said he was “encouraged by the progress” in talks with Durkin and vowed to vote Sunday on a revenue package “modeled on the bill supported by the governor and House and Senate Republicans.” Durkin made clear in his own statement that “there is no agreement on a comprehensive budget package that includes reforms and revenue,” contradicting Madigan and painting a dim outlook for bipartisan consensus on Sunday. “This impasse can only be resolved in a negotiated manner,” Durkin said. “It is our hope that Democrats will remain at the negotiating table.”  ",1
2926,Maine governor orders partial shutdown with budget in limbo,"(Reuters) - A budget impasse between Maine Governor Paul LePage and Democratic lawmakers triggered a shutdown of nonessential state services on Saturday, after the conservative Republican threatened to veto a bipartisan compromise reached by lawmakers. LePage has insisted on a budget with deeper spending cuts than those contemplated by lawmakers and has promised to veto any spending plan that raises taxes. “This is about the future of Maine. The Maine people are taxed enough. I will not tax them anymore and in my budget overall taxes were decreased,” LePage said in a statement announcing the partial shutdown, the first in the state since 1991. The governor’s order for a partial closure of state government went into effect at 12:01 a.m. local time after negotiations stalled over a $7.055 billion, two-year budget. A six-member bipartisan budget committee with lawmakers from the House and Senate had reached a deal on a proposed budget late on Thursday night, but LePage signaled he would veto the package because it included some tax increases. The Republican-controlled Senate passed the package by a 34-1 vote on Friday, and later in the day the Democratic-controlled House approved it by an 87-60 vote. But the margin of approval fell short of the two-thirds threshold needed to override LePage’s threatened veto. Even if two-thirds of the House voted for approval, state law gives the two-term governor up to 10 days to respond to the legislation, allowing for a partial shutdown during that time.  State police, parks and all offices responsible for collecting revenue will continue to operate during the current shutdown, LePage has said. A spokeswoman for the governor could not be reached for comment on Saturday. Lawmakers met in the state capital Augusta on Saturday, but they had no formal counterproposal from the governor to consider, said Mary-Erin Casale, a spokeswoman for Democratic House Speaker Sara Gideon. “Right now we are in a very fluid situation where we don’t have anything in front of us,” Casale said by telephone. The stalled budget proposal would have repealed a measure that voters approved in November to impose an additional 3 percent income tax on state residents who earn more than $200,000 a year. But it contained a 1.5 percent increase in the lodging tax, Casale said, while increasing funding for public education by $162 million. ",1
2927,"Trump to Senate Republicans: kill Obamacare now, replace later","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged Republican senators in a tweet on Friday to repeal Obamacare immediately if they cannot agree on a new plan to replace it, muddying the waters as congressional leaders struggle for consensus on healthcare legislation. Senate Republican leaders had set Friday as the target for rewriting legislation for a simultaneous repeal and replacement of extensive parts of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, the law dubbed Obamacare that expanded health insurance coverage to 20 million people. The deadline seemed unlikely to be met given that most senators had left Washington ahead of next week’s recess, without agreement on a clear direction for the healthcare bill, and Trump’s tweet did not appear to gain political traction. Financial markets showed little reaction to Trump’s suggestion, with the benchmark S&P 500 index edging about 0.15 percent higher on the day. Shares of most health insurers gained fractionally while hospital stocks were little changed. Trump wrote on Twitter Friday morning, “If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!”  The White House said later that Trump was still “fully committed” to pushing the Republican draft healthcare bill through the Senate, although it was looking at every option for repealing and replacing Obamacare. “The president hasn’t changed his thinking at all,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. The current Senate legislation would repeal parts of Obamacare, roll back its expansion of the Medicaid government healthcare program for the poor, eliminate most of Obamacare’s taxes and replace Obamacare insurance subsidies with a system of tax credits to help individuals buy private health insurance. Conservative and moderate Republicans have spent recent days pushing and pulling the bill in opposite directions as Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell sought common ground. Moderates want more equity for low-income Americans, while conservatives are fighting to loosen insurance regulations. Shortly before his January inauguration, Trump urged lawmakers to repeal and replace Obamacare at the same time.  Congressional Republicans had considered earlier this year first repealing, then replacing Obamacare, but backed away after some lawmakers protested that that approach could create a gap in insurance coverage for millions. On Friday, Republican Senator Ben Sasse who had suggested that Congress first repeal Obamacare and then replace it, tweeted: “Glad you agree, Mr. Pres.” Conservative Senator Rand Paul also backed the idea. But others on Capitol Hill sounded annoyed. A senior Senate Republican aide, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that if lawmakers had been able to get the votes for repealing Obamacare first, then replacing it, “senators would have done that in January. It doesn’t have the votes, and it’s a waste of valuable time to discuss it.” Annie Clark, a spokeswoman for moderate Republican Senator Susan Collins, said the lawmaker would not support the strategy. McConnell’s spokesman declined to comment on Trump’s tweet.    A senior House of Representatives Republican, Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, said in an interview for CSPAN’s “Newsmakers” program that lawmakers’ goal should continue to be “not simply repealing but to start to put into place the elements that can make healthcare affordable.”  ",1
2928,White House says fully committed to draft Senate healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday it was “fully committed” to pushing a Republican draft healthcare bill through the Senate, although it was looking at every option for repealing and replacing Obamacare. “We’re still fully committed to pushing through with the Senate at this point but we’re looking at every possible option of repealing and replacing Obamacare,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. The answer came in response to a question about a tweet earlier in the day in which President Donald Trump had urged lawmakers to first repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it later if they could not muster enough votes for the current proposal. ",1
2929,"Trump calls for firm response to North Korea, targets Seoul on trade","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called for a determined response to North Korea after talks with South Korea’s President Moon Jae-in on Friday where he stressed the importance of their alliance but took aim at Seoul over trade and sharing the cost of defense. Trump said the United States was renegotiating what he characterized as a “rough” trade deal with South Korea agreed to five years ago by his predecessor, Barack Obama, and reiterated that an era of “strategic patience” over North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs had ended. “Together we are facing the threat of the reckless and brutal regime in North Korea,” Trump said as he stood alongside Moon in the White House Rose Garden. “The nuclear and ballistic missile programs of that regime require a determined response.” Despite the tough rhetoric, it remains unclear how Trump will find a way forward on North Korea, which is working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has warned the consequences of any military solution would be “tragic on an unbelievable scale.” Trump had pinned his hopes on persuading China, North Korea’s neighbor and main trading partner, to do more to rein in Pyongyang, although he has lately grown frustrated that Beijing has not taken stronger action.  Trump called on regional powers to implement sanctions and demand North Korea “choose a better path and do it quickly.” Moon, who warned of a “stern response” to any provocations, urged Pyongyang to return promptly to talks. “Our two leaders will employ both sanctions and dialogue in a phased and comprehensive approach,” Moon said of South Korea and the United States. Trump and Moon have said they are open to renewed dialogue with North Korea but only under circumstances that would lead to Pyongyang giving up its weapons programs. Moon told an event at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank that moves by North Korea that could create conditions for dialogue could include a freeze on its nuclear and missile tests, or the release of three Americans it is holding in the country. To be successful, talks would have to involve North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and have as their ultimate aim the complete dismantling of North Korea’s nuclear program, he added.    Trump sought to woo China since a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping in April but the honeymoon period appears to be over. On Thursday, the United States targeted a Chinese bank and sanctioned Chinese individuals and a firm for dealing with North Korea and approved a $1.42 billion arms deal with Taiwan - decisions that angered Beijing. South Korea is a long-standing American ally but Trump has spoken harshly about U.S. trade imbalances and threatened to tear up the bilateral trade pact. “We will do more to remove barriers to reciprocal trade and market access,” Trump said, adding that the two leaders had talked about the thorny trade areas of steel and autos. Trump said he was encouraged by Moon’s assurances that he would seek a level playing field for American workers and businesses, particularly automakers. A joint statement said the two sides had agreed to work together to reduce over supply of basic materials such as steel and non-tariff barriers. It also said Trump had accepted an invitation from Moon to visit South Korea this year.  Bonnie Glaser, senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, said it was unwise for Trump to air the trade issue so publicly. “Public complaints by Trump about unfair trade and inadequate defense spending provide opportunities for China and North Korea to drive a wedge between the allies,” she said. Trump also emphasized the need to ensure equitable sharing of costs for defense, returning to a theme he raised during his campaign and brought up with other allies, including NATO countries and Japan. A senior U.S. official said in a briefing before the president’s meeting with Moon that South Korea was in many respects a “model ally,” given its spending of 2.7 percent of GDP on defense and Moon’s plan to grow capabilities. “We shouldn’t view South Korea as somehow laggard on that front,” the official said on condition of anonymity. The U.S. goods trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since the U.S.-Korea free trade pact known as KORUS took effect in 2012. The agreement was forecast to boost U.S. exports by $10 billion a year, but in 2016 they were $3 billion lower than in 2011. At the start of Friday’s talks, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said the largest component of the deficit was automotive trade and many non-tariff barriers to U.S. auto exports to South Korea remained. “I think the way to address it is to deal product by product with what we can do to change the export side and what we can do to reduce the bad imports side,” he said. Ross said later on Friday that some progress had been made in the talks. The current pact was agreed to despite protests by supporters of Moon, who was then in opposition. But analysts have suggested that given the need to preserve a unified front in the face of a hostile North Korea, there could be compromise on both sides to resolve issues. ",1
2930,Illinois budget uncertainty extends into new fiscal year,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A rare sign of bipartisanship in the Illinois House on Friday fueled hopes of movement toward a spending deal, but a consensus failed to emerge in time to stop the state from heading into a  third-straight fiscal year without a budget. The record stalemate between Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has put the third-most populous U.S. state’s credit rating in peril of dropping to junk. House Republicans on Friday helped advance a Democratic-drafted $36.5 billion spending plan for the fiscal year that begins on Saturday, but the deal stalled with negotiations continuing over a revenue package and an assortment of non-budgetary matters sought by Rauner. After a 90-25 test vote on the spending bill, House Speaker Michael Madigan said his legislative chamber will return to session on Saturday, and he sent letters to major bond-rating agencies imploring them not to downgrade the state’s credit ratings to junk as budget talks continue. The impasse has ballooned the unpaid bill pile to nearly $15 billion as the state operated on spending mandated by state law and courts. Illinois, already the lowest-rated state, risked becoming the first U.S. state to have its credit downgraded to junk. Ted Hampton, an analyst at Moody’s Investors Service, which rates Illinois one notch above junk at Baa3 with a negative outlook, said the rating agency “won’t refrain from changing a rating no matter the reason when it’s appropriate to take action.” S&P, which also rates Illinois one step above junk at BBB-minus, and Fitch Ratings, which has the state at BBB, declined to comment on Madigan’s letter. Ahead of the House vote, Republican leader Jim Durkin said he and others in his caucus would support the budget bill amendment as a gesture of “good faith” while talks continue on new taxes and non-budgetary reforms.  “We are close,” he said on the House floor. “We are so close I can taste it.”  House budget votes require Republican support to meet a three-fifths majority needed for passage. “I think it’s a good step forward, a step we can build upon. There’s much work yet to be done,” Madigan said following the vote. A final affirmative vote by the House on the spending plan would send it back to the Senate for concurrence. The House must still take up a revenue bill increasing personal and corporate income tax rates to raise more money for the cash-strapped state. ",1
2931,Judge orders Illinois to boost Medicaid bill payments,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday dealt a major financial blow to Illinois by ordering the cash-strapped state to pay $586 million a month to Medicaid providers to ensure continued medical care for poor and disabled residents. The order by Judge Joan Lefkow also stipulated that Illinois send $2 billion to Medicaid providers during the fiscal year that starts on Saturday to pay down the existing $3.1 billion backlog of unpaid bills. Illinois Comptroller Susana Mendoza, whose office pays the state’s bills, said the ruling “takes the state’s finances from horrific to catastrophic” and called on state lawmakers to immediately pass a budget. “Payments to the state’s pension funds; state payroll including legislator pay; general state aid to schools and payments to local governments – in some combination – will likely have to be cut,” she said in a statement. “Payments to the state’s bond-holders will continue uninterrupted.” The decision came as Illinois lawmakers failed to reach consensus on a budget on Friday, leaving a state with the worst credit rating in the nation poised to enter a third-straight fiscal year without a full operating budget. Governor Bruce Rauner’s office had no comment on the ruling. Lefkow had issued an order on June 7 that concluded Illinois was not complying with federal consent decrees regarding Medicaid. That order allowed attorneys representing Illinois’ 3 million Medicaid recipients to seek a subsequent order forcing the state to increase payments to managed-care organizations, which in turn pay doctors, hospitals and others. In her latest order, the judge said the state failed to offer a payment plan that would result in substantial compliance with the consent decrees that stemmed from lawsuits filed against Illinois in 1992. Attorneys representing Medicaid recipients said Illinois, which has been allocating only $160 million a month to the healthcare program, will be able to subsequently seek reimbursement for about half of the higher payment from the federal government.  “Without these payments, doctors, hospitals, clinics and other key healthcare providers would stop seeing Medicaid patients, or else simply go out of business altogether,” Tom Yates of the Legal Council for Health Justice said in a statement. Illinois’ unprecedented budget impasse between its Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature has ballooned the state’s unpaid bill pile to about $15 billion. ",1
2932,Exclusive: Trump drops plans for order tightening food aid shipping rules - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration has dropped plans for an executive order that will require all U.S. food aid to be transported on American ships after members of Congress protested, congressional and aid sources said on Friday. Reuters reported on Thursday that Trump was considering issuing an order that would have increased to 100 percent the current requirement that 50 percent of such aid be transported on U.S.-flagged vessels. Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, stopped short of confirming information about the order but said he had discussed the issue with Trump and that he understands that the shift would have increased the cost of food aid and caused more people to starve. “I had a good conversation today with President Trump,” Corker said in a statement emailed to Reuters. “As a businessman, he understands that expanding the cargo preference would substantially drive up the cost of food aid and cause more people to starve around the world,” Corker said. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Although unlikely to have any significant effect on the $4 trillion global cargo shipping industry, the initiative originally touted as part of Trump’s “America First” platform might have slowed food aid getting to millions of people and do little to create jobs, critics said. Aid groups, and members of Congress from both parties have been working for years to lower, or eliminate, the 50 percent shipping requirement. The United States, the world’s largest provider of humanitarian assistance, spent about $2.8 billion on foreign food aid in 2016. About half of that is estimated to go to shipping and storage. The conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute said in a November report that shipping food aid on U.S.-flagged vessels costs 46 percent more than aid shipped at internationally competitive rates and can take as much as 14 weeks longer. Jeremy Konyndyk, a former director of USAID’s Office of U.S. Foreign Disaster Assistance, welcomed the administration’s decision to drop the order.  Konyndyk, a senior policy fellow at the Washington-based Center for Global Development, said that with four potential famines in the world “it would have been the worst possible moment to be shifting money out of hungry mouths and into subsidies for big shipping conglomerates.” Corker has been pushing for years to reform the U.S. food aid program, including by eliminating the cargo preference. He said in his statement he looked forward to working with Congress and the administration to achieve “long overdue reforms.” After hearing about the possible executive order, several members of Congress called the White House to express their concern, congressional aides said.  The administration’s budget proposal has suggested slashing foreign aid in general while increasing defense spending. That plan was also met with stiff opposition in Congress, as lawmakers argued that “soft power” options such as food and medical aid and disaster recovery assistance can be effective tools in foreign policy that should not be discounted. Supporters say Trump’s initiative would not only create new U.S. jobs in the shipping industry but that U.S.-controlled food shipments are important for national security because the U.S. fleet could be transferred to the military in case of a conflict.  Food aid is a very small percentage of the worldwide sea cargo flow, critics argue, while the security issue is moot as most cargo ships are too slow for use by the 21st century military. They said the costs would also be far higher by eliminating competition for shipping contracts with lower-cost international carriers, requiring more U.S. taxpayer dollars to feed fewer people. ",1
2933,States refuse Trump commission request for U.S. voter data,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A growing number of U.S. states refused on Friday to give voters’ names, addresses and sensitive personal information to a commission created by President Donald Trump to investigate alleged voter fraud, saying the demand was unnecessary and violated privacy. “This commission was formed to try to find basis for the lie that President Trump put forward that has no foundation,” Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes told Reuters in an interview.     Republican Trump has made unsubstantiated claims that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. He established the panel by executive order in May despite evidence that voter fraud was  not widespread. Trump’s Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity sent a letter to all 50 states on Wednesday asking them to turn over voter information including names, the last four digits of social security numbers, addresses, birth dates, political affiliation, felony convictions and voting histories. The request from commission Vice Chairman Kris Kobach  caused a backlash in states including Virginia, Kentucky, California, New York and Massachusetts, where election officials said they would not provide all the data.  California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said on Thursday that handing over information would only serve to legitimize debunked claims of widespread voter fraud.  More than 20 states said they would not or could not provide some or all of the information requested, according to statements from election officials and media reports. Some said certain data such as social security numbers were not publicly available and that they would turn over only public information. Others raised privacy concerns or questioned the need to examine voter fraud. Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann said in a statement that he had not seen the letter but would rebuff the commission. “They can go jump in the Gulf of Mexico and Mississippi is a great state to launch from,” he said. Kobach, the secretary of state for Kansas, has been a high-profile advocate of tougher laws on immigration and voter identification. His office did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Kobach was quoted in a Kansas City Star article as saying that his own state would not provide social security numbers at this time since they are not publicly available. Kobach did not rule out providing that information in the future.  In his letter, a copy of which was provided to Reuters by the Connecticut Secretary of State’s office, Kobach also asked states for feedback on how to improve election integrity and for evidence of voter fraud and convictions of voter-related crimes since 2000. Civil rights groups and Democratic lawmakers have called the commission a tactic to suppress votes against Republicans.    “States are right to balk at turning over massive reams of personal information in what clearly is a campaign to suppress the vote,” Dale Ho, director of the American Civil Liberties Union Voting Rights Project, said in a statement on Friday.          While the public availability of voter data varies by state, the request raises privacy concerns, said Richard Hasen, a University of California, Irvine, professor who studies election law. ",1
2934,Moderate Republicans warn of trouble for tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Twenty moderate Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives warned on Friday that efforts to overhaul the federal tax code could be jeopardized by demands for including major spending cuts in a fiscal 2018 budget resolution. In a June 30 letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan, lawmakers from the moderate Tuesday Group said that including hundreds of billions of dollars in cuts to mandatory programs could be “extremely problematic” for tax reform and asked for a budget delay until Senate Republicans finish their debate on healthcare legislation. “We fear that if the House persists on pursuing this course, it could imperil tax reform,” wrote the lawmakers, who were led by Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania. Republicans must pass a 2018 budget resolution to unlock a key legislative tool known as reconciliation, which the party needs to move a tax bill forward without support from Democrats.  But members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus say they will back a spending plan only if it cuts mandatory programs including Medicaid and food stamps, reductions that moderates oppose. “House Republicans have made significant progress on budget decisions and these family discussions will continue amongst the conference,” Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong said in a statement. The Freedom Caucus and Tuesday Group each represents enough House Republicans to stymie legislation on its own.  Outside organizations including powerful business lobby groups are increasingly worried that the disagreement could lead to a political stand-off that prevents tax reform from occurring. “No other reforms under consideration rise to the importance of pro-growth, comprehensive tax reform,” the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable, the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Federation of Independent Business said in a joint letter to Republican and Democratic congressional leaders on Wednesday. Republican moderates also worry that adding mandatory cuts to a reconciliation bill would create unpalatable legislation that reduces benefits for the poor while granting tax cuts to corporations and wealthy individuals, according to aides.  The House Budget Committee canceled plans to send a resolution for fiscal 2018 to the floor this week, after the chairmen of several other committees rejected efforts to wring $250 billion in mandatory spending from spending. Freedom Caucus members want much larger cuts.  ",1
2935,Trump Labor Dept wants salary to count in overtime eligibility,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Labor Department on Friday defended its authority to use salary levels to decide who was eligible for overtime pay but distanced itself from an Obama administration rule that greatly expanded the number of qualifying workers. Under U.S. President Donald Trump, the Labor Department has continued to fight a challenge to an Obama administration-era rule to raise the pay threshold for overtime eligibility. But it has not endorsed the former administration’s move to nearly double that threshold, an increase strongly opposed by business groups.  The Labor Department told a federal appeals court on Friday it had the power to use salaries to set thresholds for mandatory overtime pay, without advocating for the $47,500 maximum salary level set by the department under Obama. The Labor Department is challenging a November decision from a federal judge in Texas that blocked the Obama rule, a decision that the department said could prevent it from setting a new threshold below that set by the Obama administration.  The Obama rule was expected to extend overtime pay eligibility to more than 4 million salaried workers. Nevada and 20 other states sued last year to block the rule. Business groups criticized the increase as too drastic and costly, potentially forcing employers to convert salaried workers to hourly wages. Trump’s Labor Secretary R. Alexander Acosta said during his confirmation hearing in March that the correct threshold might be around $33,000. The Labor Department took initial steps earlier this week to begin developing a new threshold. In its Friday brief to the New Orleans-based 5th U.S Circuit Court of Appeals, the Labor Department made it clear it did not support the salary threshold developed under Obama. But the department told the court it was “reluctant” to move forward with the rulemaking necessary to set a new threshold as long as its authority was in question. Nevada and the other states have said that the use of a salary threshold to determine overtime eligibility has been controversial for decades, but appeals courts allowed it because it had been set low enough to exempt management workers.  But the Obama administration rule is far more drastic, the states said, expanding overtime pay to tens of thousands of state employees. Senator Patty Murray, a Washington state Democrat, criticized the Labor Department’s handling of the appeal, saying in a statement that the administration “appears to be preparing to roll back overtime protections for millions of workers.” ",1
2936,Trump says he is sending federal help to fight Chicago crime,"CHICAGO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday he was sending federal help to fight crime in Chicago that has reached “epidemic” proportions. The government is sending federal agents to Chicago and plans to prosecute firearms cases aggressively, Attorney General Jeff Sessions told Fox News when asked about Trump’s statement about the plan in an early-morning Twitter post. “Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!” Trump wrote on Twitter. The president has regularly singled out Chicago’s violent crime problem and in January decried the high crime rate in the third-most populous U.S. city as “carnage.” In 2016, the number of murders in Chicago exceeded 760, a jump of nearly 60 percent, and was more than New York and Los Angeles combined. There were more than 4,300 shooting victims in the city last year, according to police.  The number of murders, shootings and shooting victims have all decreased slightly this year in the city of 2.7 million. There have been 320 murders, down from 322 over the same period last year. There have been 1,703 shooting victims, down from 1,935, according to police figures.  Sessions said the anti-crime policies in Chicago have not worked and police “have been demoralized in many ways.” The federal assistance will come in the form of the Chicago Crime Gun Strike Force, a collaboration between the police and the Department of Justice’s Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF).  The group, including police officers, federal agents and intelligence analysts, will work to impede the flow of illegal guns throughout Chicago and target repeat gun offenders.  “The Trump Administration will not let the bloodshed go on; we cannot accept these levels of violence,” Sessions said in a statement on Friday afternoon. The group became operational on June 1, Sessions said.  It will “significantly help our police officers stem the flow of illegal guns and create a culture of accountability” for the gangs that drive violence in the city, Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said in a statement. On Monday, the Chicago police announced that the ATF’s mobile ballistics lab had arrived in the city to help process shooting scenes.  “Six months ago we made it clear that we would welcome additional federal support, and six months later we appreciate the 20 new ATF agents that are now arriving,” Adam Collins, a spokesman for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, said.  “But the progress CPD (Chicago Police Department) has made this year has happened without any of the new resources from the federal government we requested.” Chicago is also in the midst of reforming its police department after a federal investigation found officers routinely violated the civil rights of people, citing excessive force and racially discriminatory conduct. Joseph Ferguson, the city’s inspector general, called on Chicago officials to agree to a consent decree to oversee changes to the department at a committee meeting on Tuesday – splitting with the mayor, who has said a court-enforced settlement is not necessary for reform. In response to questions about Ferguson’s comments, Emanuel told reporters on Wednesday that the Justice Department has “walked away” from doing consent decrees, and so the city has sought a different strategy.  “There are multiple roads that allow you to make sure you make the changes and reform,” he said.  ",1
2937,"Maine governor rejects latest budget deal, ready for shutdown","(Reuters) - Maine Governor Paul LePage said on Friday he would reject the latest budget deal by a bipartisan group of legislators, warning that most of the state government would shut down without more spending cuts. The second-term Republican said repeatedly this week that he would be ready to close down non-essential government services as the July 4 holiday weekend starts if the lawmakers cannot agree on a $7.055 billion two-year budget that would require no new taxes. The deal reached late on Thursday called for $7.1 billion in spending. “I’m out of ink,” LePage told reporters in the state capital of Augusta. “There will not be a signature on a budget that increases taxes.” The full legislature was due to vote on Friday, the day after a six-member bipartisan budget committee reached a deal that would repeal a measure that voters approved in November to impose an additional 3 percent income tax on state residents who earn more than $200,000 a year. The proposed budget also increases public education funding by $162 million. The leaders of Maine’s Democrat-controlled House of Representatives and Republican-controlled Senate supported the measure, but it was unclear if they could garner the two-thirds support needed for passage. Even if they do, state law gives the governor 10 days to respond to any budget passed by the legislature. LePage said on Friday that he was ready to wait that long before vetoing any budget that raises taxes. Most of the government would shut during that time. Without a shutdown, “I lose all my leverage for negotiation for the next 10 days,” LePage said, adding that he did not think lawmakers could reach a budget deal on Friday that he would accept.  State police, parks and all offices responsible for collecting revenue would continue to operate during a shutdown, LePage has said. The state’s Democratic House speaker urged lawmakers to back the budget deal. “In a divided government, compromise is the only option,” Speaker Sara Gideon said in a statement. A Maine advocacy group sued the state in federal court on Thursday, seeking an order that would ensure that public assistance payments continue uninterrupted to the 450,000 people, about one in three residents, who receive them. In 1991 Maine’s government shut down for several weeks due to a budget impasse, and lawmakers reached a deal only after furloughed state workers picketed the capitol.  ",1
2938,MSNBC hosts accuse White House of trying to pressure them over coverage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two television hosts assailed by Donald Trump questioned his mental health on Friday and charged that the White House had tried unsuccessfully to get them to apologize to the president for unfavorable coverage in exchange for his getting a negative tabloid story about them killed. “He appears to have a fragile, impetuous, child-like ego that we’ve seen over and over again, especially with women,” Mika Brzezinski, co-host of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” said on the program. “He attacks women because he fears women,” added co-host Joe Scarborough, a former Republican U.S. congressman. Brzezinski and Scarborough fired back on their program and in an opinion piece in The Washington Post after Trump’s Twitter messages on Thursday, which attacked them, particularly Brzezinski, in highly personal terms. Trump called Brzezinski “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” and alleged that she was “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she visited his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida around New Year’s Eve. He called Scarborough “Psycho Joe.” Scarborough said Trump packed “five or six lies into two tweets,” including mischaracterizing their meetings at Mar-a-Lago. Brzezinski said she has never had a face-lift. Presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway, speaking on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” defended Trump’s “ability to fight back when he is attacked.” She declined to endorse the content of his tweets. “Well it’s incredible to watch people play armchair psychologist, outright ridiculing the president’s physicalities, his mental state, calling him names that you won’t want your children to call people on a playground,” Conway told Fox News. Trump’s tweets, his latest attacks on the U.S. news media, were roundly condemned by lawmakers in both parties and became a distraction as his fellow Republicans in the Senate try to iron out their differences over major healthcare legislation. Brzezinski and Scarborough, who were on friendly terms with Trump in the past but have been critical of him since he took office in January, described White House pressure over a planned negative story about them in the National Enquirer tabloid newspaper.  Trump was friends with David Pecker, chief executive of the National Enquirer’s parent company, American Media, Inc. The tabloid specializes in scandalous stories about celebrities and has been supportive of Trump.  “This year, top White House staff members warned that the National Enquirer was planning to publish a negative article about us unless we begged the president to have the story spiked. We ignored their desperate pleas,” they wrote in the Post. Scarborough said on the program he received calls from three top administration officials asking the co-hosts to call Trump and apologize for their coverage of his administration. They told him that if he called and apologized, Trump would get the story killed, Scarborough said. He did not identify the administration officials. “The calls kept coming, and kept coming. And they were like ‘Call, you need to call. Please call. Come on, Joe. Just pick up the phone and call him,’” Scarborough said. “That’s blackmail,” said MSNBC panelist Donny Deutsch. In a Twitter post on Friday, Trump gave a different account, saying Scarborough “called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no!” American Media said in a statement “we have no knowledge of any discussions between the White House and Joe and Mika about our story, and absolutely no involvement in those discussions.” “I am very concerned as to what this once again reveals about the president of the United States,” Brzezinski, who is engaged to be married to Scarborough, said of Trump’s Twitter attacks. “President Trump launched personal attacks against us Thursday, but our concerns about his unmoored behavior go far beyond the personal. America’s leaders and allies are asking themselves yet again whether this man is fit to be president,” the co-hosts wrote in the Post column. ",1
2939,Trump says strategic patience with North Korea over,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missiles program required a “determined response,” and that the era of “strategic patience” with North Korea’s government had ended. “The era of strategic patience with the North Korean regime has failed. ... Frankly, that patience is over,” Trump said in the White House Rose Garden in a joint appearance with South Korean President Moon Jae-in. “We’re working closely with South Korea and Japan, as well as partners around the world, on a range of diplomatic, security and economic measures to protect our allies and our own citizens from this menace known as North Korea,” Trump said. ",1
2940,Trump discusses Gulf-Qatar dispute with Erdogan: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. president Donald Trump spoke with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Friday to discuss the dispute between Qatar and Gulf and Arab powers who severed diplomatic and travel links with Qatar. Trump and Erdogan discussed ways to resolve the dispute “while ensuring that all countries work together to stop terrorist funding and to combat extremist ideology”, the White House said in a statement. Turkey has backed Doha in its rift with four Arab states, which are boycotting the country over alleged support for terrorism, in what has become the worst Gulf Arab crisis in years. Doha denies the charges. ",1
2941,"China sanguine as Trump-Xi 'bromance' sours over North Korea, Taiwan","BEIJING (Reuters) - China reacted relatively calmly on Friday after a series of  diplomatic broadsides by the United States, expressing anger over new arms sales by Washington to Taiwan but hoping ties could soon be brought  back on track. U.S. officials have said President Donald Trump is growing increasingly frustrated with China over its inability to restrain North Korea’s arms and missile programs.  This week, the United States imposed sanctions on two Chinese citizens and a shipping company for helping North Korea’s weapons programs, announced a $1.4 billion arms sale for Taiwan, and said it would like sick Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo to be treated “elsewhere”. It has also placed China on its global list of the worst offenders in human trafficking and forced labor and senior U.S. officials have told Reuters that Washington is considering trade actions against Beijing, including tariffs on steel imports. Trump met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday at the White House and made a point of noting that the United States, India and Japan would be joining together in naval exercises soon in the Indian Ocean, a point that seemed aimed at China. It’s a long way from the “bromance” that Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping appeared to have at their first summit in April. Trump had made a grand gesture of his desire for warm ties in the meeting at his Florida residence and subsequently called Xi a “good man”. While China said it was “outraged” at the arms sales for Taiwan, and upset with the North Korea-related sanctions, it did not make specific threats of retaliation. In 2010, Beijing threatened to sanction U.S. firms that sell weapons to Taiwan after Washington announced a much bigger $6.4 billion arms package. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said he hoped the United States can correct its mistakes and get ties back on track “so as to avoid cooperation in important areas being impacted”. He did not elaborate. Jia Qingguo, dean of the School of International Studies at Peking University and who has advised the government on foreign policy, cautioned against interpreting recent events as indicating a shift in China-U.S. relations, saying it was still too early to tell. “We had a good first summit and a good beginning but the relationship in the long run is characterized by not just cooperation but also conflict,” Jia said. “Arms sales to Taiwan, the South China Sea and East China Sea, and other problems in the relationship will appear. It’s a question of how much the two countries will be able to manage these conflicts, whether they can manage them better than the previous administration.” Trump and Xi are expected to meet next week on the sidelines of a G20 summit in the Germany city of Hamburg. China has long been cautious about Trump, China-based diplomatic sources say, believing he is unpredictable and needs to be handled with care. “How does the Chinese government view Trump? We’re still discovering who he is. He often does things we can’t predict. We’re not clever enough to predict what he’ll do,” said Shen Dingli, a professor at Shanghai’s elite Fudan University. Trump upset China even before taking office, taking a call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, overturning decades of precedent of no high-level official contacts between the United States and an island China considers to be a wayward province.  While China has worked hard to get Trump to understand the importance of Taiwan to the China-U.S. relationship, it has never seriously expected Washington to stop selling it weapons, provision for which is explicitly made in U.S. law. “The U.S. selling weapons to Taiwan is routine,” said Shen. “They’re selling much less than before, and that’s much better. So I don’t think there’s anything too terrible about that.” Still, the risks around Taiwan are profound.  China’s Defense Ministry, responding to the U.S. weapons sales, said Taiwan was the “most important, most sensitive core issue” between the United States and China. The arms sale came hot on the heels of a U.S. Senate committee approving a bill calling for the resumption of port visits to Taiwan by the U.S. Navy for the first time since Washington ditched Taipei and established ties with Beijing in 1979. While China’s Defense Ministry registered its opposition to the bill on Thursday, spokesman Wu Qian pointed out that as long as they respect each other’s core concerns, the Chinese and U.S. militaries can be an “engine of stability” for the two countries. Shi Yinhong, who heads the Center for American Studies at Beijing’s Renmin University and has advised the government on diplomacy, said it was important people are realistic about the challenges China and the United States face. “Perhaps people appraised too highly the Xi-Trump meeting. Although the atmosphere was very good, there were still real problems there,” Shi said, referring to the Florida summit. “Maybe you can say that China-U.S. relations have gone back to being normal,” Shi added. “Trump has no patience, and nobody can be surprised that he’s pushed certain issues to the fore.” ",1
2942,Kissinger calls Putin-Trump meeting a chance to mend ties,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin have an opportunity to mend their countries’ ties when they meet next week, former top U.S. diplomat Henry Kissinger said on Friday, a day after he followed up a meeting with the U.S. president by having talks with Putin. Expectations that Trump’s election would bring a thaw in icy relations between Moscow and Washington have been put on hold, with the White House embroiled in a domestic row over Trump associates’ Russia ties.  The U.S. and Russian leaders are to have their first face-to-face encounter next week at a G20 summit in Hamburg. At a previous moment of heightened tension between Moscow and Washington, in the 1960s, Kissinger acted as a back-channel intermediary, passing messages to the leadership of the Soviet Union on behalf of U.S. President Richard Nixon. The Kremlin on Friday denied that Kissinger, who is visiting Moscow and met Putin behind closed doors on Thursday, was acting as a go-between this time. Speaking at an international affairs conference in Moscow, Kissinger said of the planned Trump-Putin meeting: “I believe that at this moment our two countries have a responsibility, and an opportunity, to make significant progress not just by improving relations, but by improving situations around the world through cooperative efforts.” “Tensions between Russia and the United States ... have happened often before and they have been overcome often before,” Kissinger, 94, said. He did not take questions from reporters at the event. Asked if Kissinger was providing a back-channel between the Kremlin and the White House, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: “He didn’t try. That did not happen.” He said the Kissinger-Putin meeting was strictly private and declined to disclose what the two men talked about. In May, Trump granted a White House audience to Kissinger. The U.S. leader said he and Kissinger would talk about Russia, among other issues. Speaking at the same Moscow event as Kissinger on Friday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the significance of the planned Putin-Trump Hamburg meeting was that “the abnormal period in our relations when the leaders only speak by telephone will be overcome.” “Judging by their telephone conversations, they have a desire to get beyond this abnormality and start seeking agreement on specific issues.” ",1
2943,Illinois faces fiscal meltdown as budget deadline looms,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - With a budget deal elusive and a midnight Friday deadline fast approaching, Illinois faces a crisis that threatens everything from its education system to government payrolls and the likelihood of becoming the first U.S. state ever with a junk credit rating. Illinois, which has gone a record-setting two straight years without a complete spending plan due to an impasse between its Republican governor and Democratic legislature, is poised to start fiscal 2018 on Saturday budget-less again. The consequences would be dire for the nation’s fifth-largest state, which has a $15 billion backlog of unpaid bills. S&P has warned that starting a new fiscal year without a budget that reduces a chronic structural deficit could trigger a downgrade to BB-plus. That would put Illinois on the same financial footing as Azerbaijan, Bulgaria and Portugal. “The lack of a budget makes all the difference here,” said S&P analyst Gabriel Petek, who voiced concerns about the state’s ability to control its finances and cash flow. Even the agency that oversees elections is not immune. A top Illinois State Board of Elections official told Reuters the agency faces the loss of certain cyber security protections beginning in September because of an unpaid $9,000 bill. The board is among 21 state election authorities the U.S. Homeland Security Department confirmed were targeted by Russian hackers during the 2016 election. An immediate casualty is the state lottery. For the first time, Illinois suspended sales of Powerball and Mega Millions tickets and announced a delay in payments after Saturday on any prizes exceeding $25,000. The lack of a state budget threatens serious disruption to schools during the next six weeks. Out of Illinois’ 401 public school systems, 144 expect to have less than 90 days of operating cash at fiscal year-end, said Robert Wolfe, chief financial officer for the Illinois State Board of Education. “If there is no budget, it is doubtful we can open our doors on August 15th,” said Ralph Grimm, school superintendent in Galesburg, Illinois. Public universities, which have suffered a steep drop in state funding, now fear further erosion in student enrollment, the loss of accreditation, and bruising spending cuts. Lindsay Perez, a suburban Chicago mother, and her 9-year-old daughter Elena, who survives on a Medicaid-funded ventilator, described for reporters on Thursday the horrific situation of losing some of her medical supplies because of the budget crisis. The girl, who was born without a lung, urged politicians to pass a budget. “If you could try hard enough, you could do it,” she said. Meanwhile, Illinois risks intervention from federal judges overseeing consent decrees requiring the state to fund medical and other services for the disadvantaged. A U.S. judge is weighing how much more Illinois must allocate to pay down $3.1 billion in Medicaid bills to ensure continued medical care for 3 million poor and disabled residents. Illinois Comptroller Susana Mendoza, whose office pays the state’s bills, has pledged to fully cover debt service on bonds, but essential payments for pensions and payroll could face reductions if the judge orders a higher priority for Medicaid. Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan offered reporters a murky response on Thursday when asked if a resolution to the fiscal mess could be struck with Governor Bruce Rauner by the midnight Friday deadline. “Oh sure, if everybody is reasonable,” Madigan said of a potential breakthrough. “It could’ve been done two years ago.” The long odds that Madigan and Rauner, who posted a Twitter photo of himself at his desk waiting for a “balanced budget,” could strike a deal appeared to worsen with Thursday’s abrupt resignation of Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno, respected by both parties as an expert negotiator. “I really tried hard. It’s time for someone else to take the reins,” she told reporters. ",1
2944,House cracks down on illegal immigrants with bills backed by Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bills backed by U.S. President Donald Trump to crack down on illegal immigrants passed the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday, drawing criticism from immigration activists and others who called them a threat to civil liberties. The House voted 228-195 to pass the “No Sanctuary for Criminals Act” that would withhold some federal grants to so-called “sanctuary city” jurisdictions that do not comply with certain federal immigration laws.By a vote of 257-167, the chamber also passed “Kate’s law” to increase penalties for illegal immigrants who return to the United States. It is named for Kate Steinle, who was shot dead in San Francisco in 2015. An illegal immigrant who had been deported five times was charged with her murder. “I applaud the House for passing two crucial measures to save and protect American lives,” Trump said in a statement. “These were bills I campaigned on and that are vital to our public safety and national security.”   Both bills will need approval from the Senate to become law. Trump’s Republicans control both chambers. But Democrats assailed the measures as fear-mongering. “Although people who illegally re-enter the country do so to reunite with their families, or to flee violence or persecution, this bill considers them all dangerous criminals who deserve lengthy prison sentences,” Democratic Representative Jerrold Nadler said during debate on “Kate’s Law.” During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump demanded action against sanctuary cities, which provide some protection for illegal immigrants under laws that limit how much cooperation local police may have with federal immigration authorities.  The “No Sanctuary for Criminals Act” prohibits sanctuary cities from adopting policies that restrict police officers from asking individuals about their immigration status or the immigration status of others. Under the laws, illegal immigrants would face mandatory detention for past convictions of an expanded number of offenses, such as driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol. On Wednesday, Trump promoted both bills at the White House with speeches by parents of young people slain by people who live in, or immigrated to, the United States illegally. ",1
2945,Trump administration reverses policy on fiancés as travel ban takes effect,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration reversed a decision late on Thursday and said fiancés would be considered close family members and therefore allowed to travel to the United States as its revised travel ban took effect. The U.S. State Department concluded “upon further review,  fiancés would now be included as close family members,” said a State Department official who requested anonymity. The Trump administration had previously decided, on the basis of its interpretation of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling, that grandparents, grandchildren and fiancés traveling from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen would be barred from obtaining visas while the ban was in place. The 90-day ban took effect at 8 p.m. EDT (0000 GMT Friday), along with a 120-day ban on all refugees.  On Monday, the Supreme Court revived parts of Trump’s travel ban on people from the six Muslim-majority countries, narrowing the scope of lower court rulings that had blocked parts of a March 6 executive order and allowing his temporary ban to go into effect for people with no strong ties to the United States. A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, who also requested anonymity, said it would be updating its guidance to state that fiancés would not be barred from obtaining visas while the ban was in place. The Supreme Court exempted from the ban travelers and refugees with a “bona fide relationship” with a person or entity in the United States. As an example, the court said those with a “close familial relationship” with someone in the United States would be covered.  The state of Hawaii asked a federal judge in Honolulu on Thursday evening to determine whether the Trump administration had interpreted the court’s decision too narrowly. Hawaii said in a court filing that the U.S. government intended to violate the Supreme Court’s instructions by improperly excluding from the United States people who actually have a close family relationship to U.S. persons, echoing criticism from immigrant and refugee groups.  Hawaii called the refusal to recognize grandparents and other relatives as an acceptable family relationship “a plain violation of the Supreme Court’s command.”  Hawaii’s Attorney General Doug Chin asked U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu, who blocked Trump’s travel ban in March, to issue an order “as soon as possible” clarifying how the Supreme Court’s ruling should be interpreted. Watson ordered the Justice Department to respond to Hawaii’s request by Monday, and said he would allow Hawaii to reply by July 6. A senior U.S. official did not answer directly when asked how barring grandparents or grandchildren would make the United States safer, but instead pointed to Trump’s guidance to pause “certain travel while we review our security posture.” The U.S. government expected “things to run smoothly” and “business as usual” at U.S. ports of entry, another senior U.S. official told reporters. A handful of immigration lawyers gathered at Dulles International Airport outside Washington on Thursday in case of any problems. “We’re going to keep fighting this ban, even if it applies very narrowly,” said Sirine Shebaya, a senior staff attorney at Muslim Advocates. “It’s still a Muslim ban, and its still trying to send a message to a whole community that they’re not welcome here.” The administration said refugees who have agreements with resettlement agencies but not close family in the United States would not be exempted from the ban, likely sharply limiting the number of refugees allowed entry in coming months. Hawaii said in its court filing it was “preposterous” not to consider a formal link with a resettlement agency a qualifying relationship. Refugee resettlement agencies had expected that their formal links with would-be refugees would qualify as “bona fide.”  The administration’s decision likely means that few refugees beyond a 50,000-cap set by Trump would be allowed into the country this year. A U.S. official said that, as of Wednesday evening, 49,009 refugees had been allowed into the country this fiscal year. The State Department said refugees scheduled to arrive through July 6 could still enter. Trump first announced a temporary travel ban on Jan. 27, calling it a counterterrorism measure to allow time to develop  better security vetting. The order caused chaos at airports, as officials scrambled to enforce it before it was blocked by courts. Opponents argued that the measure discriminated against Muslims and that there was no security rationale for it. A revised version of the ban was also halted by courts. The State Department guidance, distributed to all U.S. diplomatic posts on Wednesday evening and seen by Reuters, fleshed out the Supreme Court’s ruling about people who have a “bona fide” relationship with an individual or entity in the United States. It defined a close familial relationship as being a parent, spouse, child, adult son or daughter, son-in-law, daughter-in-law or sibling, including step-siblings and other step-family relations. A department cable said grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law, fiancés, “and any other ‘extended’ family members” were not considered close family. The guidelines also said workers with offers of employment from a company in the United States or a lecturer addressing U.S. audiences would be exempt from the ban, but that arrangements such as a hotel reservation would not be considered bona fide relationships. ",1
2946,U.S. sees business as usual at ports of entry when travel ban starts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States expects business as usual at ports of entry when fresh rules on U.S. President Donald Trump’s travel ban on citizens from six Muslim-majority nations goes into effect at 8 p.m. Eastern Time, senior U.S. officials said on Thursday. “We expect business as usual at the ports of entry starting at 8 pm tonight,” one official told reporters on a conference call about implementing a Supreme Court ruling allowing parts of the travel ban to take effect. A second official that a “formal assurance” from a U.S. resettlement agency to a refugee would not in and of itself be enough to exempt a refugee from a 120-day ban on entry also imposed by Trump’s travel ban executive order. ",1
2947,State of Hawaii asks judge to clarify Trump travel ban ruling,"(Reuters) - The state of Hawaii on Thursday asked a federal judge in Honolulu to clarify a U.S. Supreme Court ruling this week which reinstated parts of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban. In a court filing, the state of Hawaii said the U.S. government intended to violate the Supreme Court’s instructions by improperly excluding from the United States people who actually have a close family relationship to U.S. persons. ",1
2948,"Senate revises Russia sanctions bill, sends it to House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate resolved a technical issue on Thursday that had stalled a new package of sanctions on Russia but the measure faces opposition in the House that could mean more delays, lawmakers said. The Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, which also includes the Russia sanctions, passed the Senate in a 98-2 vote on June 15.   Many lawmakers hoped the bill would become law in time to send a strong message to Russian President Vladimir Putin before President Donald Trump’s meeting with him in Germany next week.  But the Senate bill stalled when House Republican leaders said it violated a constitutional requirement that legislation affecting revenues originate in the House, known as a “blue slip” violation. Lawmakers from the two chambers have bickered about it since. Democrats accused House Republicans of trying to kill the bill to please Trump after administration officials said they had concerns about it. House Republican leaders insisted their objection was solely a procedural one. “The speaker has made clear that we will take up sanctions once the House receives it,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Speaker Paul Ryan. The Senate resolved the procedural issue on Thursday. But the delay means the House will not vote until after the G20, because of Congress’ recess next week. “This is now going to be a referendum on the Republican leadership, if they are going to go along with the president’s coddling of Putin and the Russians, then that will have to be their legacy,” said Representative Eliot Engel, the top House Foreign Affairs Committee Democrat. Engel and Republican committee chairman Ed Royce have said they want the sanctions passed quickly. Some House Republicans have reservations. Representative Pete Sessions, whose home state of Texas is central to U.S. energy, said he wanted assurances about how the bill would affect businesses. Representative Mark Meadows said he would look at the bill closely after hearing from the Italian, German and British ambassadors, who had energy-related concerns. “It could potentially run into trouble. But it’s too early to tell,” Meadows said. The legislation would put into law sanctions previously established via ex-President Barack Obama’s executive orders. It includes sanctions on mining and other industries, and targets Russians responsible for cyber attacks or supplying weapons to Syria’s government. It also sets up a review process that would require Trump to get Congress’ approval before easing sanctions on Russia. ",1
2949,"Senate Republican bill would slash Medicaid by 2036, complicating talks","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate proposal to replace Obamacare would cut spending on government Medicaid for the poor by 35 percent come 2036, a non-partisan congressional research office said on Thursday, further complicating Republican efforts to forge a deal.  The Congressional Budget Office report, requested by Senate Democrats, provides a longer-term look at how the Republican plan would affect Medicaid spending as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell searches for a formula to win over the conservative and moderate elements of his Republican caucus. Republican discussions on Thursday were focused on two proposals. One, by moderates, would keep a 3.8 percent Obamacare tax on high earners’ investment income, instead of repealing it as Republicans have promised. Another, by conservative Senator Ted Cruz, would let insurers offer skimpier healthcare plans if they also offer a plan choice that is Obamacare compliant. An additional $45 billion over a decade to combat the opioid crisis also is on the table, sources close to the talks told Reuters. The original draft of the Republican bill was opposed by at least nine Republican senators. McConnell can only afford to lose two of 52 Republican votes in the 100-seat Senate to pass the bill. Vice President Mike Pence was on Capitol Hill to push for the bill, meeting with Cruz and moderate Senators Susan Collins, Shelley Moore Capito and Dean Heller. All opposed the bill in its original form. The two factions did not yet seem in agreement. Senator Lisa Murkowski said discussions were continuing to see whether Cruz’ proposal could be made more acceptable to moderates like herself. Conservative Senator Pat Toomey said he would be “shocked” if the Obamacare 3.8 percent tax is not repealed. Republican Governor John Kasich of Ohio, which opted to expand Medicaid under Obamacare, said the CBO’s latest assessment “further validates” his concerns. The bill proposes phasing out Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion between 2021 and 2024, then making deeper cuts to the program and overhauling it in 2025. The CBO estimated that under current law, Medicaid spending would grow 5.1 percent a year during the next two decades. Under the Republican Senate plan, it projected growth of just 1.9 percent a year through 2026 and about 3.5 percent per year in the subsequent 10 years. The CBO can typically only score legislation in a 10-year window, so the bill’s longer-term affects had not been assessed until Thursday’s report. It had earlier estimated that the Senate bill would strip coverage for 22 million Americans in the next decade. ",1
2950,"Their fortunes enmeshed, Trump and Putin to hold first meeting next week","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin next week at a summit in Germany that brings two world leaders whose political fortunes have become intertwined face-to-face for the first time. Both the Kremlin and the White House announced on Thursday that the pair will meet on the sidelines of the July 7-8 summit of G20 nations in Hamburg. Trump’s national security adviser H.R. McMaster downplayed the significance of the meeting, one of nine such side meetings for the U.S. president over two days. “It won’t be different from our discussions with any other country, really,” McMaster said. “There’s no specific agenda. It’s really going to be whatever the president wants to talk about.” The meeting will be fraught with difficulties for Trump.     Allegations that Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year and colluded with the Republican’s campaign have overshadowed the businessman’s unexpected victory and dogged his first five months in office. Russia and the United States are also at odds over Ukraine, NATO expansion and the civil war in Syria where Moscow supports President Bashar al-Assad.  The United States backs rebel groups trying to overthrow Assad, and Washington angered Russia by launching missile strikes against a Syrian government air base in April in response to what the United States says was a chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of civilians. Trump has frequently called for better ties with Russia but lawmakers in his own Republican Party are urging him to be wary of Moscow. “As the president has made clear, he’d like the United States and the entire West to develop a more constructive relationship with Russia but he has also made clear that we will do what is necessary to confront Russia’s destabilizing behavior,” McMaster said.     U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia hacked and leaked emails of Democratic Party political groups to help Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election against Democrat Hillary Clinton. Russia denies the allegations and Trump says his team did not collude with Moscow.     Several congressional committees as well as the FBI are investigating Russia’s role in the election and any alleged collusion by Trump’s campaign. That makes the optics of the Putin meeting particularly challenging for Trump. “If there are big grins on both of their faces, that will be the picture on the front pages of every Western newspaper, as the investigation continues here,” said Heather Conley, a former State Department official in the George W. Bush White House. “I would think the president would be advised, if there is a meeting, to be very careful with his body language,” Conley told Reuters. Trump raised Russian hackles this week when the White House said it appeared the Syrian military was preparing to conduct a chemical weapons attack and warned that Assad and his forces would “pay a heavy price” if it did so. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned on Wednesday that Moscow would respond proportionately if the United States took measures against Syrian government forces.     But Lavrov added that it would “probably not be right” if Putin and Trump did not talk at the G20 summit of world economic powers.                Republican Bob Corker, the influential chairman of the Senate foreign relations committee, described the planned encounter as “just a side meeting” but said he hoped Trump would bring up problematic issues with Putin. “I would hope what he would do is hand him a list of the issues we have with their country. And I think he may well do that,” Corker told Reuters. Putin, who has served as both Russian president and prime minister, has outlasted the previous two U.S. presidents, George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Officials from those administrations say American officials initially overestimated their potential areas of cooperation with the Russian leader. Then, through a combination of overconfidence, inattention and occasional clumsiness, Washington contributed to a deep spiral in relations with Moscow, they say. Those relations reached a post-Cold War low under Trump’s predecessor, Obama. In the last days of his presidency, Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies over their involvement in hacking U.S. political groups in the 2016 election. A proposed new package of sanctions on Russia in the U.S. Congress might also put curbs on Trump’s ability to pursue warmer relations with Moscow.  The U.S. Senate reached an agreement on Thursday to resolve a technical issue stalling the sanctions, although the measure’s fate in the House of Representatives is uncertain. ",1
2951,Exclusive: White House weighs tightening U.S. food aid shipping rules - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration is preparing an executive order that will require all U.S. food aid to be transported on American ships, according to four sources with knowledge of the deliberations. Currently, 50 percent of such aid must be transported on U.S.-flagged vessels. The sources said Trump is considering going as far as doubling that to 100 percent, a move likely to stir opposition from both Republicans and Democrats. “An executive order is being drafted by the White House,” one source with knowledge of discussions told Reuters, adding that it was being discussed among government lawyers. Although unlikely to have any significant effect on the $4 trillion global cargo shipping industry, the initiative touted as part of Trump’s “America First” platform may slow food aid getting to millions of people and do little to create jobs, critics said.  Aid groups, and members of Congress from both parties have been working for years to lower, or eliminate, the 50 percent shipping requirement. The United States, the world’s largest provider of humanitarian assistance, spent about $2.8 billion on foreign food aid in 2016. About half of that is estimated to go to shipping and storage. The conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute said in a November report that shipping food aid on U.S.-flagged vessels costs 46 percent more than aid shipped at internationally competitive rates and can take as much as 14 weeks longer.     Supporters say Trump’s initiative would not only create new U.S. jobs in the shipping industry but that U.S.-controlled food shipments are important for national security because the U.S. fleet could be transferred to the military in case of a conflict. Critics argue the order would create few, if any, jobs. Food aid is a very small percentage of the worldwide sea cargo flow, while the security issue is moot as most cargo ships are too slow for use by the 21st century military.   The costs would also be far higher by eliminating competition for shipping contracts with lower-cost international carriers, requiring more U.S. taxpayer dollars to feed fewer people, they say. A spokesman for USAID, which oversees U.S. humanitarian programs, declined to comment, referring the question to the White House.  Natalie Strom, a spokeswoman for the White House said, “We don’t comment on any potential EO’s (executive orders) that may or may not be in the works.” Trump has submitted a budget outline that proposed steep cuts in spending on foreign aid, which accounts for just 1 percent of all U.S. spending. Members of Congress from both parties said they opposed that plan. With the world facing four potential famines, and struggles to care for millions displaced by conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, critics have been pushing to eliminate what they see as an unnecessary regulation that already adds $50 million a year to the cost of providing aid. Tom Hart, North America executive director at The One Campaign, a non-profit group co-founded by U2’s Bono to fight poverty, said the regulation would hinder getting life-saving food assistance to the people Americans are trying to help.     “Millions of people could be denied the food aid they need to survive if the cargo preference requirement is doubled,” said Hart. Senator Bob Corker, the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has been an especially vocal critic of the shipping requirement. He and another committee member, Democratic Senator Chris Coons, have filed legislation to ease the requirement.  After hearing about the potential order, senators from both parties called senior administration officials to let them know this would not be supported in Congress, a Senate aide told Reuters. “They’ve been warned,” the aide added. ",1
2952,Republican attorneys general target Obama 'Dreamer' program,"(Reuters) - Ten Republican state attorneys general on Thursday urged federal authorities to rescind a policy set by former U.S. President Barack Obama that protects from deportation nearly 600,000 immigrants brought into the country illegally by their parents, known as “Dreamers.” Obama, a Democrat, had hoped that overhauling the U.S. immigration system and resolving the fate of the estimated 11 million people in the country illegally would be part of his presidential legacy. But Republican President Donald Trump has vowed to crack down on illegal immigration. The Department of Homeland Security earlier this month rescinded a separate Obama-era policy meant to cover illegal immigrant parents that had been blocked by the courts. However, DHS said the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, policy covering “Dreamers” was still in effect. In a letter on Thursday, the Republican attorneys general asked that DHS abolish the DACA program going forward, while noting that the government did not have to rescind permits that had already been issued.  If the federal government does not withdraw DACA, the attorneys general said they would file a legal challenge to the program in federal court in Texas. A DHS representative referred questions to the U.S. Department of Justice, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The 10 Republican attorneys general who signed the letter represent the states of Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Nebraska, Arkansas, South Carolina, Idaho, Tennessee, West Virginia and Kansas.  A larger coalition of 26 Republican AGs had challenged the policy covering illegal immigrant parents.  In a statement, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund said it took encouragement from the diminished number of attorneys general signing onto the DACA letter, and urged Trump not to “cave in to the toothless threat” of legal action. ",1
2953,Trump denounced after assailing woman TV host in personal terms,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump assailed a woman TV news host in highly personal terms on Thursday, calling her “crazy” and alleging she had been bleeding at one point from a facelift, in a Twitter attack that drew strong criticism, including from fellow Republicans. Trump, who often decries what he calls “fake news” in the American media and who this week attacked CNN, the New York Times and the Washington Post, took fierce aim on Thursday at the hosts of the MSNBC program “Morning Joe,” Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski. The Republican president called Brzezinski, a journalist and daughter of former White House national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” and said she was “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she visited his Mar-A-Lago estate around New Year’s Eve. He referred to former Republican U.S. Congressman Scarborough as “Psycho Joe.” Trump is known for his prolific Twitter habit, which includes mocking attacks on critics and rivals, but his tweets on Thursday drew a particularly strong response. “It’s a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job,” MSNBC’s communications office said on Twitter.  The “Morning Joe” program broadcast live telephone interviews with Trump during the 2016 presidential race, but its hosts have turned increasingly critical of him since he took office in January. On Thursday’s show, Brzezinski excoriated the Trump administration and said its officials should not act “lobotomized” because they are scared of the president. Comcast Corp owns NBCUniversal, MSNBC’s parent company. Lawmakers in both parties rebuked Trump. “I don’t see that as an appropriate comment,” Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said of Trump’s tweets, saying they do not help improve civility in Washington. The tweets represent “what is wrong with American politics, not the greatness of America,” said Republican Senator Lindsey Graham. Republican senator Ben Sasse called Trump’s remarks “beneath the dignity of your office.” Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the House of Representatives, on Twitter called Trump’s tweets “sexist, an assault on the freedom of the press & an insult to all women.”    At a briefing, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders called it a “false narrative” to portray Trump’s remarks as “an attack on a woman” rather than on a critic, adding, “What about the constant attacks that he receives?” “He’s not going to sit back and get attacked by the liberal media, Hollywood elites. And when they hit him, he’s going to hit back,” Sanders said. “I don’t think it’s a surprise to anybody that he fights fire with fire.” The tweets created an uproar in Washington and a distraction as Republican senators tried to bridge differences within the party and agree on major healthcare legislation. A wealthy businessman and former reality TV star with no previous experience in government, Trump has been quick to respond to criticism of his presidency, lashing out at the media for its coverage of probes into potential collusion between his campaign team and Russia, and other matters. He has sometimes singled out individual journalists, including a high-profile attack while he was running for office on former Fox News and current NBC journalist Megyn Kelly. That included a comment about “blood coming out of her wherever,” which was widely interpreted as a reference to menstruation. Trump has been criticized in the past for his comments about women. He attacked Kelly after she asked him during a presidential debate about his previous references to some women as “fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals.” Trump apologized last October, just before the election, after a 2005 video surfaced in which he said he could grab women by their genitals whenever he wanted because he was a star. Trump has been critical before of the “Morning Joe” hosts, but Thursday’s attack was especially harsh. Scarborough and Brzezinski are engaged to be married. During the January meeting at the Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, Trump offered to host their wedding and even to officiate it, the two said in an interview in Vanity Fair published in May. ",1
2954,Mexican president to meet with Trump at G20,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto will meet with his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump next week at the G20 summit in Germany, the Mexican foreign ministry said on Thursday via Twitter. The election of Trump and his early days in office sent U.S.-Mexico relations to a new low due to his threats to slap tariffs on Mexican-made goods and a plan to build a wall on the southern U.S. border to keep out illegal immigrants. The foreign ministry said the two leaders would review progress in various aspects of the bilateral relationship, and that more details would be published in due course. In late January, a planned meeting between the presidents was canceled following a Twitter dispute over Trump’s pledge to make Mexico pay for the wall. The American president has since shied away from that demand. Trump’s administration also moved toward talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), toning down earlier threats to pull out of the pact with Mexico and Canada. This month, the U.S. and Mexican governments resolved a long-standing dispute over the sugar trade, while agricultural ministers from the three NAFTA countries met and said there were “relatively few” differences over farm trade to resolve in talks. ",1
2955,Senate bill would cut Medicaid spending 35 percent in 2036: budget analyst,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Spending on the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor would be 35 percent lower than under current law in 2036 if a draft bill to repeal Obamacare proposed by Senate Republicans were to become law, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said on Thursday. The CBO estimated in a report requested by Senate Democrats that under current law Medicaid spending would grow 5.1 percent a year over the next two decades. Under the Republican Senate plan, it projected growth of just 1.9 percent a year through 2026 and about 3.5 percent per year in the subsequent ten years. ",1
2956,Congress split over privatizing air traffic control,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress is divided over whether to privatize the nation’s air traffic control system as both chambers advance bills to expand airline passenger protections. On Thursday, the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee adopted legislation that includes Federal Aviation Administration reforms, but unlike a House panel, does not spin off air traffic control and leaves it with the FAA. “The support is not there,” said Senator Bill Nelson, the top Democrat on the panel. The U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee approved the privatization plan on Tuesday, putting air traffic control under the oversight of a nonprofit corporation. President Donald Trump has said the move would modernize air traffic control and lower flying costs. The proposal has drawn fire from private plane owners and rural airports. Critics say it would hand control of a key asset to special interests and big airlines. American Airlines Group Inc, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines Co and JetBlue Airways Corp all back the proposal. Congress has until Sept. 30 to reauthorize the FAA, but Republican Senator John Thune, chairman of the committee, said the Senate may not take up the proposal until after the August recess, potentially leaving little time to come up with a compromise measure.  The Senate bill would require new rules prohibiting cancellation, baggage, seat selection and same day change fees that are not “reasonable and proportional.” Airlines for America, an airline trade group, said it would result in “government-mandated price controls” and should be rejected. In 2016, U.S. airlines collected $7.1 billion in baggage and reservation change fees. Both measures would make it illegal for an airline to bump an already boarded passenger from a flight. In April, a United passenger was forcibly removed from his seat, prompting public outrage. The airline has since banned the practice. The Senate bill also requires new rules that would mandate  airlines promptly refund passengers for baggage fees or other fees if they do not receive services. The House bill would require the FAA to set minimum seat sizes on U.S. airlines and a minimum distance between rows to “protect the safety and health of airline passengers.” The average distance between rows of seats has dropped from 35 inches in the 1970s to about 31 inches today, supporters say, and the average width of airline seats has shrunk from 18 inches to about 16-1/2 inches. One contentious issue is training requirements for pilots, and whether certain simulated training hours can be counted. Thune said that two-thirds of U.S. airports are only served by regional carriers and that there is a “crisis” in trying to attract pilots, while Democrats said the revised rules could lead to unqualified pilots. Both bills would seek to speed approval of some commercial drone use and testing, while studying privacy implications. The measures also require medium- and large-sized airports to provide clean private rooms in all terminals for nursing mothers and would enshrine a ban on making in-flight mobile phone calls in law. The Senate bill would direct a study of airplane air quality and require a study of whether airlines are shrinking airplane bathrooms to add more seats. ",1
2957,House panel presses White House for fuller response to Comey tape request,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee’s Russia probe on Thursday called on the White House to respond more fully to their request for any records on President Donald Trump’s conversations with fired FBI Director James Comey. The White House told the panel on June 23 that a tweet by the president in which he said he had no recordings of their conversations was responsive to the committee’s request. In a joint statement on Thursday, Republican Representative Mike Conaway and Democratic Representative Adam Schiff said they had written the White House to press it to comply fully with their request. “Today’s letter from the committee makes clear that should the White House not respond fully, the committee will consider using compulsory process to ensure a satisfactory response,” they said. ",1
2958,Congress must raise debt ceiling by mid-October: CBO,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress will need to raise the nation’s debt limit by early to mid-October to avoid defaulting on loan payments, the Congressional Budget Office said in a report on Thursday. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin has suggested his agency could hit the debt ceiling in September, and has encouraged Congress to raise the limit before the lawmakers go on their August recess. Republican leaders in Congress have begun having bipartisan discussions on the matter in the House.  The U.S. government has a statutory limit on how much money it can borrow to cover the budget deficit that results from Washington spending more than it collects in taxes. Only Congress can raise that limit.  The updated deadline will do little to diminish the urgency in Congress to act on the debt ceiling. Lawmakers will be still be pressured to tackle the increase before September, when funding the government will become their primary focus. The CBO report pointed to slower-than-expected tax receipts this year, a factor that Mnuchin has cited as a reason to raise the debt ceiling sooner.  Lower tax payments were cited also as a factor in an increase in the deficit estimate. The CBO increased the deficit estimate for the current fiscal year to $693 billion, a $134 billion increase from its January estimate. The report factors in only current law that has been approved by Congress, and does not include proposals that have been made by President Donald Trump in his budget proposal released earlier this year. Congress continues to struggle with completing its hefty to-do list. In addition to raising the debt ceiling, Congress must pass a government spending bill before the end of September or face a government shutdown in October. This aligns the deadlines for the debt limit and the spending bill, creating the potential for them to become intertwined. Congressional leaders have expressed a desire to see the two kept separate to avoid getting the debt ceiling increase caught up in the politics of government spending.  Congress also is trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act healthcare law and to overhaul the tax code – two efforts that have stalled and consumed more time than was initially expected. And there still are forces pushing against the effort to find agreement on the debt ceiling, including some Republicans who say an increase in the limit should accompany a cut in spending. And there are Democrats who have warned they will not  contribute votes to legislation increasing the level if tax cuts for the rich add to the deficit. ",1
2959,VP Pence hires political operative as top aide steps down,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top aide to U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is leaving the Trump administration and will be replaced by a longtime Republican political operative, Pence’s office said on Thursday. Josh Pitcock, who has served as Pence’s chief of staff, will be succeeded in August by Nick Ayers, who served as Pence’s chief strategist during the presidential campaign. In a statement, Pitcock said his departure was voluntary and that it was time to “transition to the private sector.” Ayers most recently was advising an outside political group, America First Policies, that supports President Donald Trump. The group came under fire from some Republicans for running a series of ads this week that criticized Republican Senator Dean Heller of Nevada for opposing the healthcare bill currently before the Senate. In a statement, Ayers said, “I am honored with the trust the vice president has in me and excited to serve in this capacity.”  Pence has emerged as a crucial member of Trump’s team, serving as his top liaison to Congress as it has struggled to pass healthcare reform and looks to tackle tax-reform legislation later this year. Ayers has advised former Minnesota Governor and Republican presidential candidate Tim Pawlenty and former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue, now the U.S. secretary of agriculture, among other Republicans. ",1
2960,Senate Majority leader cites 'good progress' on healthcare talks,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Thursday said Republican senators are making “good progress” on their efforts to come to agreement on retooled draft legislation aimed at repealing and replacing the 2010 Affordable Care Act.        U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan separately on Thursday told reporters at a news conference that he expects his chamber to move quickly once the Senate passes its version of healthcare legislation. ,1
2961,"Collins says Senate healthcare bill needs ""major overhaul"" -MSNBC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Susan Collins, a moderate who has opposed the Senate’s draft healthcare bill, said on Thursday the legislation needs a “major overhaul” and that it would be better to work with Democrats toward a compromise. “From my perspective, the bill needs a lot more than tweaking or tinkering around the edges,” Collins told MSNBC. “It needs a major overhaul.” Collins said she had conversations with several Democrats who are wiling to negotiate on healthcare but had been discouraged by their leadership from doing so. “But I hope after we get past this stage that we can sit down and negotiate a bill,” she said. ",1
2962,France's Macron trades barbs for diplomacy with Trump,"PARIS (Reuters) - France’s president has not given Donald Trump an easy ride: a crunching handshake at one meeting was followed by a body swerve at another and then a public rebuke over his attitude to climate change. But now there seems to be an olive branch from Paris. The U.S. leader said on Wednesday he had accepted an invitation from Emmanuel Macron to celebrate July 14 Bastille Day celebrations and 100 years since the U.S. troops entered into World War One. Trump will likely revel in a ceremony laden with pageantry and military pomp, with U.S. soldiers marching down the Champs Elysees boulevard beside French servicemen - a welcome respite from his domestic woes. For Macron, 39, it is an opportunity to use soft diplomacy to win Trump’s confidence as he tries to establish himself as a leading global statesman at a time when decision-making in the White House has become increasingly unpredictable. “We don’t want the United States to isolate themselves,” a Macron aide said recently. “That’s what diplomacy is for. It’s not to let people sulk in their corner.” In the space of six weeks, France’s youngest leader since Napoleon, will have hosted Russian President Vladimir Putin in Versailles and Trump on Paris’ most iconic avenue. Macron flattered Putin in May with a meeting at the sumptuous palace of France’s former monarchy, built outside Paris by Louis XIV - the ‘Sun King’ - to symbolize absolute power. Even so, Macron pulled no punches, accusing Russian state media of “lying propaganda” during his French election campaign. A French diplomat indicated there would be frank exchanges with Trump too after Macron took a dig in English at Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord when he urged U.S. citizens to help “make this planet great again”. “On climate change it’s complicated,” the diplomat said. “But the rest is sufficiently important for him to make this historic trip on July 14.” Macron appears to be broadly aligning his foreign policy with U.S. priorities of tackling terrorism while seeking better ties with Russia. The battle against Islamic State, Syria’s civil war and Iran’s nuclear accord are likely talking points. Privately, some French diplomats have lamented the lack of a clear U.S. policy on the long-term political process in Syria and say even setting up a meeting between the French and U.S. foreign ministers is tough.  A White House statement said the two leaders would “further build on the strong counter-terrorism cooperation and economic partnership between the two countries”. Past words may haunt Trump. It will be his first visit since he declared that a wave of militant attacks showed France was soft on immigration and fighting jihadists.  “France is no longer France. They won’t like me for saying that but... France is no longer France and this world better be very careful and they better get very tough and very smart,” the U.S. president said in a campaign speech.  In bringing Trump to Paris, Macron has stolen a march on Britain’s embattled Prime Minister Theresa May.      London’s offer in February of a state visit for Trump met fierce public resistance, Britons perceiving it as a desperate act by a government in need of a trade deal as it faced tough negotiations on its exit from the European Union. A date has still not been confirmed. In Paris, public opinion appeared divided. “You can see that the way Trump’s headed isn’t going to help things and I think diplomatic channels are the best way to calm things down,” said antique dealer Florence Toussaint. Psychologist Martine Aubourg was less impressed. “Trump isn’t an honorable president,” she said. “He changes his mind all the time.” ",1
2963,Senate Republicans struggle to salvage healthcare effort,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. Senate Republican struggled on Wednesday to salvage major healthcare legislation sought by President Donald Trump, meeting privately with a parade of skeptical senators as  critics within the party urged substantial changes. Republican leaders hope to agree on changes to the legislation by Friday so lawmakers can take it up after next week’s Independence Day recess.. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday abandoned plans to seek passage of it this week because Republicans did not have 50 votes to pass the bill. For seven years, Republicans have led a quest to undo the 2010 law known as Obamacare, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement. Trump made dismantling it a top campaign promise during last year’s presidential campaign but policy differences within the party have raised doubts Republicans can achieve a repeal. Democrats have unified against the bill and Republicans control the Senate by a slim 52-48 margin, which means McConnell can afford to lose only two Republicans. So far at least 10  - including moderates and hard-line conservatives - have expressed opposition to the current bill, although some indicated they would vote for it with certain changes. McConnell, with his reputation as a strategist on the line, met with a procession of Republican senators in his office on Wednesday. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, said party leaders will talk to every Republican senator who has concerns about the bill or is undecided. The House of Representatives passed its healthcare bill last month, only after striking a balance between the center of the party and the right wing. Now McConnell must find a similar sweet spot. During a lunch meeting on Wednesday Republicans made presentations on potential fixes. Senator Rand Paul called for jettisoning more parts of Obamacare to get conservatives on board. Senator Mike Rounds suggested keeping a 3.8 percent Obamacare tax on high earners’ investment income, which the current bill would eliminate. Rounds said the tax could pay for more Americans to receive the tax credits that help pay for health insurance. Senator Bob Corker, who also supports keeping the tax, said one of the issues he was focused on was helping lower-income Americans pay for health plans. “My sense is there’s a good chance that issue and other issues people are trying to get addressed can be addressed,” Corker told reporters. Trump said the bill was moving along well and predicted a “great, great surprise” but did not elaborate. Maine Senator Susan Collins, a moderate, said it would be “very difficult” to reach agreement by Friday. Collins and other centrists were put off by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office’s projection on Monday that 22 million people would lose medical insurance under the existing bill. Finishing the legislation’s revisions by Friday would be “optimal,” Cornyn said, so the CBO can analyze the new version.. Even then, Democrats could mount a forceful resistance. They have repeatedly said they will not discuss a repeal but have expressed openness to negotiating improvements. The Senate’s top Democrat, Chuck Schumer, proposed Trump call all 100 senators to Blair House across the street from the White House to craft a bipartisan bill fixing Obamacare but Trump said did not think Schumer’s offer was serious. McConnell said Democrats had refused “to work with us in a serious way to comprehensively address Obamacare’s failures in the seven years since they passed it.” The legislation has triggered protests at the Capitol and police said they arrested 40 people, including cancer survivors, on Wednesday for blocking Senate offices. Obama’s 2010 Affordable Care Act, which passed without Republican support, expanded health insurance coverage to some 20 million people but Republicans call it a costly government intrusion. The Senate bill rolls back Obamacare’s expansion of the Medicaid government insurance for the poor and cuts planned Medicaid spending starting in 2025. It also repeals most of Obamacare’s taxes, ends a penalty for not obtaining insurance and overhauls subsidies that help people buy insurance with tax credits. For graphic on who's covered under Medicaid, click: tmsnrt.rs/2u06kvB (This story fixes attribution of quote in 10th paragraph to Senator Corker from Senator Rounds.) ",1
2964,"Kremlin: Putin, Trump to meet on sidelines of G20 summit","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will meet on the sidelines of the Group of Twenty summit in Hamburg next week, but no separate meeting is planned, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Thursday. “They will meet in any case there, on the sidelines of this summit, but no (separate) meeting is planned at the moment,” Peskov said. ",1
2965,"Russia's Lavrov, USA's Tillerson expected to meet at G20 summit: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and United States’ secretary of state Rex Tillerson would meet at the G20 summit in Germany next week, deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Thursday, Russian news agencies reported. The summit of the world’s largest economies will be held in Germany’s Hamburg on July 7-8. ",1
2966,Two faces of Maine politics show rifts in state Republican party,"(Reuters) - Maine’s two most prominent Republicans grabbed headlines this week with political moves that were widely different in style and substance, which some insiders said could risk the party’s stature in the northeastern state. U.S. Senator Susan Collins won praise from Democrats for saying she would not vote for a White House-backed healthcare reform bill while Governor Paul LePage revved up his conservative base by saying he was ready for a state government shutdown if legislators did not agree with his calls for budget cuts. The move by Collins, a four-term moderate, was in keeping with Maine’s reputation for producing independent-minded legislators willing to buck their party’s leadership in Washington. That tradition was challenged by LePage, who first ran for office in 2010 on a wave of populist Tea Party support and won two three-way races with less than a majority of the vote. “What you see is a battle for the heart and soul of the Republican party in Maine,” said David Farmer, a Democratic political consultant who worked on the 2014 campaign of LePage’s Democratic challenger. “Is it going to be the belligerent, angry Governor LePage or is it going to be the thorough and pragmatic but still conservative Senator Collins?” Republican lobbyist and political operative Lance Dutson largely agreed. “It’s an ideological tipping point,” said Dutson, who worked on Collins’ 2014 reelection campaign, which she won with 68 percent of the vote. Maine has a tradition of successful third-party candidates, notably independent U.S. Senator Angus King, and has more unaffiliated voters than those registered as either Democrats or Republicans. “In the long run, the Collins model has proven itself,” Dutson said. “You can’t be an orthodox Republican and talk only to Republicans like LePage and win as much support.” Collins and LePage have publicly disagreed over President Donald Trump, whose brusque style and populist approach is similar to the Maine governor’s. LePage was an early supporter of Trump’s White House campaign. When Collins said last year that she would not vote for the New York real estate developer, LePage told local media he was “not a Susan Collins fan.” The chair of the state’s Republican party saw no downside to the diverging style and politics of the two, saying the wide gap represented by the two was an illustration of the party’s wide appeal in Maine. “We’re an inclusive party, we have strong conservatives, libertarians and we have our moderates, but we’re a party, we’re a party of reform and we are going to stick together,” said Demi Kouzounas, a dentist who was elected as the party chair in January. “We support both of them strongly.” The gap between the two was as clear in the style of their comments as it was in its substance. Collins said she had “serious concerns” about the Senate bill backed by Trump as a replacement to the Affordable Healthcare Act, known as Obamacare. After the Congressional Budget Office estimated that the measure would cause 22 million Americans to lose their healthcare insurance over the next decade, Collins became one of a handful of Senate Republicans to say they could not support the bill in its current form, leading to Tuesday’s decision to delay the vote. Also on Tuesday, LePage told a radio interviewer that he was ready to shut down the state government ahead of a holiday weekend that is crucial for businesses catering to tourists, if Democratic lawmakers would not agree to $145 million in spending cuts in the state’s next two-year budget of roughly $7 billion. “I’m the worst guy in the world to play chicken with, because I don’t veer either way,” LePage told WMOV radio. “If there’s a collision to be had, it’s coming.” The Democrats and Republicans blame each other for the state’s budget impasse, which is focused on a debate over how to fund the public schools. A government shutdown could further expose Republican rifts and turn more moderate Republicans against LePage’s tactics, suggested Phil Bartlett, a former state senator who now serves as chairman of the Maine Democratic party. “He’s been saved by the fact that cooler minds have prevailed to prevent the worst of his impulses,” Bartlett said. “But we’re now seeing that he and the House Republicans seem to be willing to shut down the government.” ",1
2967,Yes he can: 'Clever boy' Obama returns to Indonesia for family vacation," (This story corrects typo in 10th paragraph.) By Jessica Damiana JAKARTA (Reuters) - From white water rafting in Bali to visiting temples on Java, former U.S. President Barack Obama’s private family holiday is being closely tracked in Indonesia where he spent four years as a child. Obama was six when he moved to Jakarta after his American mother, Ann Dunham, married an Indonesian man following the end of her marriage to Obama’s Kenyan father.   “I feel proud that my friend became a president,” said Sonni Gondokusumo, 56, a former classmate of Obama at the Menteng 01 state elementary school in Jakarta. Gondokusumo showed a class photograph of himself standing behind a young Obama, who was wearing a school beret.  “He was a clever boy. Whenever a teacher asked him to solve a problem in front of the class, he could do it,” Gondokusomo told Reuters, adding he hoped to meet the former president again. Obama remains popular in the world’s most populous Muslim nation and his trip has been splashed across the media during an extended public holiday to mark the end of the fasting month of Ramadan. The Rakyat Merdeka newspaper carried a headline “Obama loves Indonesia”. Obama returned for an official visit as president in 2010 with his wife, Michelle, but this time has brought daughters Malia and Sasha as well. Indonesians are avid social media users and snaps of the former U.S. president walking with his family in rice fields and rafting on Bali’s Ayung River have gone viral.     Obama kicked off the holiday on the island of Bali, where he stayed at the luxurious Four Seasons Resort Bali near the cultural center of Ubud.  On Wednesday, Obama and his family arrived in the city of Yogyakarta on Java island, and visited the ancient temple of Borobudur.  According to CNN Indonesia, Central Java police deployed 700 officers to secure his visit to Borobudur, a Buddhist temple dating from the 8th and 9th centuries. Obama is due to meet President Joko Widodo on Friday at the palace in Bogor, south of Jakarta, and visit the capital on Saturday. ",1
2968,Trump names Republican aide to open FCC seat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he planned to nominate a Federal Communications Commission attorney to fill one of two vacant seats at the nation’s telecommunications regulatory agency. The White House said Trump would name Brendan Carr, a Republican who previously served as an adviser to FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, to an open seat. Carr currently is general counsel at the FCC and also has worked at the Wiley Rein LLP law firm. Carr did not respond to a request for comment. The five-seat FCC currently has only three members. Earlier this month, Trump nominated Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to another open seat at the FCC. The U.S. Senate must confirm both Carr and Rosenworcel before they can be seated. Rosenworcel served as a commissioner for the regulator until the end of 2016 when lawmakers failed to take up her renomination under former President Barack Obama, giving Republicans a 2-1 majority on the five-seat commission. The FCC is working to reverse a number of Obama-era regulations, including the former Democratic president’s landmark 2015 net-neutrality rules prohibiting broadband providers from giving or selling access to certain internet services over others. Pai, chosen by Trump in January to head the agency, also has said he wants to dismantle other significant regulations as part of a sweeping review he said would remove barriers to business and modernize rules. Pai also has proposed significant changes to local TV ownership limits and plans other changes to media regulations. Pai praised Carr’s appointment. “Brendan’s expertise on wireless policy and public safety will be a tremendous asset to the commission,” he said in a statement.   Republican Michael O’Rielly and Democrat Mignon Clyburn also serve on the commission. Democrats insisted Republicans had agreed in 2015 to reconfirm Rosenworcel as part of a deal to confirm O’Rielly. Republicans denied there was a deal but the standoff had delayed consideration of telecommunications legislation in the Senate. Pai would be forced to leave the commission if he is not reconfirmed by the Senate by the end of the year. Under Pai, the FCC chose not to review AT&T Inc’s planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc. The FCC must review Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc’s proposed $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media Co, one of the largest U.S. TV station operators. ",1
2969,Trump to nominate Senate aide for Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Senate aide Richard Glick to be a member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the White House said in a statement on Wednesday. Glick, who is general counsel of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, would serve the remainder of a five-year term expiring in June 2022, the statement said. He must be confirmed by the Senate. FERC regulates interstate transmission of electricity, natural gas and crude oil. ",1
2970,Afghans who helped U.S. forces may get more visas under defense bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee approved 4,000 more visas for Afghans who worked for U.S. forces as interpreters or support staff on Wednesday, an effort to preserve a program that had been at risk of shutting down. The committee included the additional visas in its version of the annual National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a must-pass piece of legislation that sets priorities for the Department of Defense budget for fiscal 2018, which will be about $650 billion. The Senate and House of Representatives are currently working on separate versions of the legislation, which must be reconciled and passed by both chambers and signed by President Donald Trump before it can become law. The Afghan Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) program allows Afghans who worked for the U.S. government, often risking their lives, to move to the United States after a rigorous vetting process. Bipartisan pushes by U.S. lawmakers this year for more SIV visas have come against the backdrop of efforts by the Trump administration to clamp down on immigration from majority-Muslim countries. In March, the U.S. embassy in Kabul said it had stopped scheduling interviews for SIV applicants because it had nearly run out of visas, but lawmakers included 2,500 more in a  spending bill in April to preserve the program. “Our nation owes a great debt to the civilians who have provided essential assistance to the U.S. mission in Afghanistan, and I am very pleased that this legislation authorizes the necessary visas for these brave men and women,” said Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, who led the push for the legislation with Republican Senator John McCain, the Armed Services Committee’s chairman. ",1
2971,House panel wants to know how climate change impacts the military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers on the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee asked the Pentagon on Wednesday to produce a report on climate change and its effects on the military. The report would list each service’s 10 most vulnerable military installations at risk of flooding, sea level rise and wildfires or other threats associated with climate change. The amendment’s language quoted Secretary of Defense James Mattis as saying, “I agree that the effects of a changing climate - such as increased maritime access to the Arctic, rising sea levels, desertification, among others - impact our security situation.”       In recent years, President Donald Trump had expressed skepticism about whether climate change is real, sometimes calling it a hoax. But since becoming president, he has not offered an opinion. The House Armed Services Committee adopted the measure brought by Representative Jim Langevin, a Democrat. The defense policy bill has yet to be considered by the full House. ",1
2972,States' Medicaid spending to increase under Senate bill: report,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The now-delayed U.S. Senate healthcare overhaul bill would boost state spending on Medicaid by $565 million in 2022, according to an independent report issued on Wednesday, while credit agencies said it would cause states to face downward pressure on their credit ratings.  Senate Republican leaders on Tuesday postponed the vote on the bill, which they hoped would take place before their July 4 recess. According to credit rating agencies Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings, the legislation would negatively impact states because of changes to the core funding of Medicaid and the phasing out of the Medicaid expansion plan. The Urban Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank, issued a report on Wednesday estimating state Medicaid spending  would increase by $565 million in 2022 under the proposed  legislation. It also estimated federal funding for Medicaid, which funds medical care for the poor and indigent, would be $102.2 billion lower in that year. The National Governor’s Association, which on Monday advocated for more time to review the financial impact of the bill, welcomed the delay. Members of the Senate Republicans’ own party resisted the measure, which the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office said would cause 22 million Americans to lose insurance over the next decade and reduce federal outlays for Medicaid by $772 billion over that time. Moody’s senior analyst Genevieve Nolan told Reuters the legislation in its current form would be a credit negative for states, mainly because of reduced federal funding for Medicaid. “Obviously this bill is ACA (Affordable Care Act) repeal and replace, but even more than that, it’s Medicaid repeal and replace. Medicaid is a more than 50-year-old program, a  partnership between states and the federal government, and both the Senate bill and the House bill propose really fundamental restructuring of how that program is funded,” Eric Kim, Fitch’s director of U.S. Public finance, told Reuters. A mix of Republican and Democratic governors criticized or strongly opposed the bill, including Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy, Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Connecticut’s Office of Policy and Management said in a report on Tuesday the bill could cost the state about $2.9 billion per year by 2026. The report also said the cap to federal payments would “force” states, including Connecticut, to assume costs, limit benefits, decrease the number of people served or reduce rates to providers. In Virginia, the bill would cost the state’s Medicaid program at least $1.4 billion over seven years, according to  Governor Terry McAuliffe’s office. It would “blow a hole in Virginia’s budget,” McAuliffe said in a statement. ",1
2973,Senate Intelligence panel will see Comey Trump memos,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday they had reached an agreement that would allow them to see memos written by former FBI Director James Comey about his meetings with President Donald Trump. Comey’s relationship with Trump has been central to ongoing investigations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and whether there was collusion between Trump associates and Moscow. Lawmakers have raised questions about whether Trump fired Comey on May 9 in order to interfere with the Russia probe. Russia has denied such assertions. Trump, a Republican, has dismissed them as sour grapes voiced by Democrats disappointed by his victory and called them a “witch hunt.” “We have a commitment to get appropriate access to the Comey memos,” Senator Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat, told reporters at the Senate. “I’m pleased. I think it’s critical information that we have to have as part of our review process.” He said he expected to have the memos “soon.” Warner declined to say much about the progress of the investigation or provide a timeline for when it might be concluded. “I would have thought we would have been further along, but I would never have expected the administration to fire Jim Comey. You can’t make this stuff up,” he said. When asked, he said he expected that Trump’s son-in-law and close adviser, Jared Kushner, would appear before the committee as promised despite having recently hired a lawyer. Politico first reported that Richard Burr, the committee’s Republican chairman, said the panel would be obtaining memos Comey wrote documenting his conversations with Trump. Comey testified to the intelligence committee this month that he decided to keep detailed records because he felt so uncomfortable after meetings with the president that he feared Trump might lie about them. The Russia investigations, by Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller and congressional committees, have dogged the first months of Trump’s presidency and distracted from his policy goals such as repealing President Barack Obama’s healthcare law. Trump has also faced criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats over his administration’s failure to do more to investigate charges that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. election and concerns that it might do so again. “Russia’s our most dangerous adversary in the world today, and if he continues to refuse to act, it’s a dereliction of the basic duty to defend the country,” Nicholas Burns, an undersecretary of state under Republican President George W. Bush, testified to the Senate panel on Wednesday.  At a hearing last week that focused on the U.S. election, a Homeland Security official testified that Russian hackers targeted 21 U.S. state election systems in the 2016 presidential race and that a small number were breached. Warner said the panel had asked officials in 21 states to release information about the hacking. “I do not see how Americans are made safer when they do not know which state elections systems Russia tried to hack,” he said. The probes have at times come up against Republican concerns about leaks of classified information and unproven assertions by Trump and others that Obama’s administration improperly spied on Trump associates. On Wednesday, Republican Senators Chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham asked the FBI and Justice Department for copies of applications to the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for permission to conduct surveillance related to the election, including any related to the FBI’s ongoing Russia investigation. ",1
2974,Pro-Trump groups take no prisoners in rush to help an embattled president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flush with cash, political groups outside the White House are aggressively coming to President Donald Trump’s aid as he battles low public approval numbers, questions about his election campaign’s ties to Russia and a stalled legislative agenda. Through television attack ads and online campaigns normally seen only during the tumult of an election, the groups are helping Trump to strike back against his perceived enemies and boost his agenda, adding to the firepower of his Twitter account and the bully pulpit of the White House. On Tuesday, one of the groups, America First Policies, launched an attack ad against a senator from Trump’s own Republican Party who had balked at a Senate plan to overhaul healthcare that would leave millions more Americans uninsured. The attack angered Senate leader Mitch McConnell, who is struggling to rustle up the votes for the plan. It is the first time that a U.S. president has had Super PACs - political action committees that can raise unlimited amounts of money and typically operate during elections - or political non-profits, which do not have to disclose their donors or where they spend their money, actively working to support him after the dust of campaigning has cleared.  The pro-Trump groups are prohibited from coordinating with the White House, which declined to comment for this story. The New York Times reported that McConnell had complained to White House chief of staff Reince Priebus about America First Policies’ ad. The group later pulled the ad. America First Policies and the other pro-Trump groups were set up to promote Trump and his legislative agenda - healthcare reform, building a wall along the Mexican border, and pushing for lower taxation and deregulation. They are not allied to the Republican Party, which can pose a problem for Republican leaders as Tuesday’s attack ad showed. With Trump’s approval ratings sagging and his agenda now overshadowed by a federal investigation into his 2016 campaign’s ties to Russia, the groups are pouring resources into protecting Trump’s image, demonizing his opponents and amplifying his message that he is the victim of a witch-hunt. “The establishment is shaken, angry, losing control,” begins another new ad by America First Policies, which says on its website that it is a non-profit organization “supporting key policy initiatives.” Images of the U.S. Capitol, Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and liberal MSNBC host Rachel Maddow flash in the background.  “Desperately waging an all-out war to protect their interest,” the narrator continues. “They lie, they leak, they leech onto power.” America First Policies is comprised of more traditionally conservative Republicans and was founded after the election by a close ally of Vice President Mike Pence, Nick Ayers.  The group said in a statement their mission was to promote Trump’s agenda and that they were not afraid to push House Republicans through grassroots and advertising to support the healthcare overhaul. The groups’ shift from policy promotion to attack mode, does not surprise Marjorie Hershey, a political science professor at Indiana University. “A lot of research tells us that negative ads tend to be more attention-getting than positive ads, and because Super PACs themselves aren’t on the ballot, they can afford to risk the unsavory reputation that negative advertisers often get,” Hershey said.  Strategists and political scientists say it is hard to know if the groups are actually moving public opinion. But the groups point to their fundraising as evidence of their success – much of it raised not from millionaires, but in small donations from voters. “Great America Alliance” - which was set up as a sister organization to a Super PAC created by Trump supporters Rudy Giuliani and Newt Gingrich - has spent $400,000 on an ad attacking former FBI Director James Comey, the group’s director, Eric Beach, told Reuters.     The video tried to discredit Comey, who was fired by Trump over his handling of the Russia probe, the week he testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee. “Just another DC insider in it for himself,” the ad concludes. The group launched a new ad this week featuring conservative media star Tomi Lahren attacking Robert Mueller, the special counsel now leading the Russia investigation. Mueller is investigating whether Trump may have attempted to obstruct justice by pressuring Comey to drop his inquiry.  On its website the group says its mission is “to advocate for a stronger economy, a more secure nation, and a society with less government intrusion and more freedom for American citizens.” Asked to reconcile its stated mission with the attack ads, the group’s director, Eric Beach, said, “Our goal is to really get on the ground and fight back. Our supporters want to get out there and fight ... the mischaracterization of not just Donald Trump’s rhetoric but also his policies.”  Alison Dagnes, a political science professor at Shippensburg University who specializes in Super PACS, said the well-resourced groups play a key role in spreading Trump’s message that what his supporters are reading or seeing in the media is false.  “They’re saying we see what’s happening now and you shouldn’t believe it.” The Committee to Defend the President, another Super PAC, launched an ad calling on supporters to “defend” Trump. The group’s leader, Ted Harvey, said unfair attacks on Trump had forced his group to shift their focus to defending the president instead of promoting his policies.  “Certainly, I would rather be talking about policies than talking about made-up lies that the Democrats and the mainstream media cabal have put together to discredit the administration from moving forward on its agenda,” said Harvey. (For a graphic on Super PAC spending for Trump versus Obama click tmsnrt.rs/2seIbj1)  ",1
2975,Lawmakers unveil bill to keep insurance expert on risk panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Banking Committee’s top two lawmakers unveiled a bipartisan piece of legislation on Wednesday designed to prevent a prolonged vacancy on the federal body that determines how large insurance companies are regulated. The proposed legislation by Senate Banking Chairman Mike Crapo and Ranking Member Sherrod Brown would permit Roy Woodall, the independent insurance expert on the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC), to remain in his job until a replacement can be nominated and confirmed, or for an additional 18 months. The FSOC is a panel of regulators with the power to dub large financial firms, including insurers, as systemic, a tag that carries additional oversight by the Federal Reserve.  The panel has designated a number of insurers, including Prudential Financial Inc, American International Group Inc and Metlife.  Metlife fought the designation in court and won.  The other two still carry the designation, though Prudential is widely expected to seek to have it rescinded. A two-thirds majority vote of FSOC’s sitting members is needed to rescind a designation. Woodall, who previously voted against designating Metlife and Prudential, is the only person on the panel with insurance expertise. But his six-year term expires in September.  As there is no federal insurance regulator, Woodall is effectively the most important figure in U.S. regulation of large insurers. The FSOC is composed of heads of federal financial regulators and led by U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. All of the FSOC’s other members are allowed to continue serving in their roles on expired terms, or be temporarily replaced with an acting member if there is a vacancy.  But due to a quirk in the Dodd-Frank law, Woodall cannot be held over or temporarily replaced after his term expires - a problem that could leave a gap on the FSOC. Wednesday’s proposed bill will provide “much-needed clarity regarding the independent insurance member’s term,” Crapo said.  Brown added that the fix represents a “commonsense” bipartisan measure. It is also backed by a large list of other Republicans and Democrats on the panel  - a sign it will likely win broad support by lawmakers in Congress. ",1
2976,Business groups urge Congress to resolve dispute to allow tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four of Washington’s largest business lobby groups urged Congress in a letter on Wednesday to settle their differences on government spending so they can move forward on overhauling the U.S. tax code in the next year.  The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Business Roundtable, the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Federation of Independent Businesses penned a joint letter calling for lawmakers to adopt a budget for next year that would allow them to begin work on changing the tax code.      “In our view, given the historic opportunity before Congress, no other reforms under consideration rise to the importance of pro-growth, comprehensive tax reform,” the letter states. The budget process hit a delay this week after conservative Republicans in the House continued to demand billions of dollars in cuts to the spending outline.     Passing a budget is vital to begin the process of rewriting the tax code because it permits a procedural maneuver that will allow Republicans to pass a tax bill without the support of Democrats. President Donald Trump has made tax reform a key goal for this year. Additionally, Congress has become bogged down in trying to repeal Obamacare, a process that was delayed again this week and has been blamed for the inability to move on to tax reform. The joint letter urged Congress not to let other fights, alluding to health care, prevent tax reform from being completed this year.      ",1
2977,"Despite healthcare setback, Trump says big surprise on bill could come","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite a major setback in the U.S. Senate, President Trump said on Wednesday that the Republican healthcare bill was moving along well and predicted a “surprise” was yet to come. In a big hit to a seven-year quest to undo Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature legislative achievement, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday abandoned plans to get the bill passed this week. Trump, who met with Republican senators on Tuesday, made his optimistic comments to reporters at the White House on Wednesday while meeting with players from the World Series-winning Chicago Cubs. “We’re going to have a great, great surprise,” he said. Trump later said he did not think U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer was serious when asking for a meeting for all 100 U.S. senators to negotiate healthcare changes. “I don’t think he’s serious. He hasn’t been serious. Obamacare is such a disaster. And he wants to try and save something that’s hurting a lot of people,” Trump said. Trump promised as a presidential candidate to do away with Obama’s Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Republicans would like to make progress on that issue to clear the way for other priorities such as tax reform. ",1
2978,"Revived U.S. travel ban sows confusion, anger in Middle East","ANKARA/KHARTOUM (Reuters) - A U.S. Supreme Court decision allowing partial implementation of President Donald Trump’s travel ban has stirred anger and confusion in parts of the Middle East, with would-be visitors  worried about their travel plans and their futures. The blanket 90-day ban on visitors from six Muslim-majority countries - Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen - and a 120-day ban on all refugees was completely blocked by lower courts after Trump issued it on March 6, saying it was needed to prevent terrorism attacks.  On Monday, the Supreme Court ruled the bans could proceed, though only for foreigners with no “bona fide relationship” with an American entity or person, and it did not specify what that meant. The ruling left some in the Middle East wondering if they would be able to enter the United States. “It’s a big disappointment for me,” said a 52-year-old Sudanese man in the capital Khartoum, who believed he would now be rejected for a visa to visit relatives in the United States. The man, who declined to be identified, said he wouldn’t know the outcome until at least Sunday, when the U.S. Embassy opens again after a string of national holidays. “I’ve traveled to America before and I don’t know why I’m prevented from traveling (now). I didn’t violate American law during my previous visits,” he told Reuters. At the U.S. Consulate in Dubai, where there is normally a queue out the door of people waiting to process visa applications, a Reuters reporter saw few people. Middle East airlines have yet to receive a directive from the United States following the ruling, industry sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The sources said U.S. flights would continue to operate as normal until guidance is received. Major airlines based in the region include Dubai-based Emirates Airlines, Turkish Airlines and Qatar Airways. Iranian nationals attempting to get visas at the U.S. Embassy in the Turkish capital Ankara - Washington does not have an embassy in Iran - also expressed concern.  “What is the reason behind this law? It’s all very unclear,” said Masoud, a 28-year-old engineer who was applying for a student visa after being accepted into a doctoral program at a university in Dallas, Texas. “This is not fair.”  Nearby, another Iranian national, 27-year-old Nima, also said he was hoping to get a visa to pursue an advanced degree in the United States. “I just hope that I can get my visa soon and on time,” he told Reuters. “We don’t know anything about where this may lead, but I wish they would extract Iran from this country list.”   ",1
2979,Financial adviser sentenced to four years for bilking NBA's Tim Duncan,"SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) - A wine industry businessman and financial manager was sentenced to four years in prison on Wednesday for defrauding millions of dollars from former National Basketball Association star Tim Duncan. Charles Banks, 49, had faced up to 20 years in prison after he pleaded guilty in April to one count of wire fraud regarding an investment he urged Duncan to make in a firm called Gameday Entertainment, which Banks headed.  U.S. District Judge Fred Biery also ordered Banks pay $7.5 million to Duncan in restitution. San Antonio Spurs great Duncan, who is now retired, said in a statement he was afraid that without a strong sentence, financial advisers would feel they were free to prey on young, impressionable and suddenly wealthy athletes. “Judge Biery, you may not understand how difficult it is for me to be in the public light in this horrible way, as the poster child for a dumb athlete whose financial advisor took his money,” Duncan said in a statement read into the court record by prosecutors.  “I hate it and am embarrassed by it more than you can imagine.” Several NBA players were in the courtroom to support Duncan, including former teammates Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.  After the hearing, Duncan told reporters he was satisfied with the sentence. In a brief statement before sentencing, Banks apologized to Duncan for “breaking his trust,” by tricking him into agreeing to make loans to a failing sports merchandise company headed by Banks.  According to court documents, Duncan’s losses totaled $13.5 million in investments and loan guarantees made to Gameday, which went out of business this year. Prosecutors said much of that money went into Banks’ pockets.Defense lawyers said in court in April that some of that money has been forgiven by the banks that provided the original loans. Banks is also the founder of Terroir Capital, a financial management fund that works in the wine and hospitality industry. Duncan retired at the end of last season after 19 seasons with the Spurs. The scam was discovered when Duncan’s divorce lawyer consulted a financial planner to put together a property settlement for the basketball star’s divorce, court documents said. ",1
2980,Trump says Senate Republicans likely to pass healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday expressed confidence that the Republican-led Senate would ultimately prevail in  passing legislation aimed at repealing and replacing the 2010 healthcare law passed under his predecessor, former Democratic president Barack Obama. “It’s very tough ... I think we’re going to get it over the line,” Trump told reporters at the White House ahead of a separate event on energy, adding that healthcare was “probably the toughest subject” to get passed in Congress.  ",1
2981,Senate Republican leaders want health bill revised by Friday: Cornyn,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn on Wednesday indicated Republican leaders want changes to their draft healthcare legislation completed this week so lawmakers could review the revised plan over next week’s congressional recess. Cornyn, speaking to reporters outside Senate Leader Mitch McConnell’s office, said having the changes done by Friday would be “optimal” and allow the Congressional Budget Office time to provide a new analysis of the bill’s impact. ",1
2982,Trump to visit Paris for Bastille Day at Macron's invitation: White House official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has accepted French President Emmanuel Macron’s invitation to attend Bastille Day ceremonies in Paris on July 14, a senior White House official said on Wednesday. The two leaders spoke on Tuesday and Macron issued the invitation. The two men last met in Brussels in May, a session noted by an extended handshake between them. ",1
2983,President Trump to attend Paris July 14 celebrations,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will travel to France for the Bastille Day military celebrations on July 14, President Emmanuel Macron’s office said on Wednesday, in a sign the allies are seeking to bolster ties despite differences over climate change. The French presidency and White House said Trump had accepted an invitation to make the visit, which will also commemorate the U.S. entry into World War One 100 years ago.  “The two leaders will further build on the strong counter-terrorism cooperation and economic partnership between the two countries,” the White House said in a statement.  Macron appears to be broadly aligning his foreign policy with U.S. priorities of tackling terrorism while seeking better ties with Russia. But the two leaders publicly clashed after Trump said he would pull out of a global accord on action to combat climate change. “Beyond our differences on some subjects such as climate, it shows the strength and the links in our transatlantic ties and the convergence of views on counter-terrorism and our joint commitment in war zones,” said a French diplomat. After the United States, France is the biggest contributor to the coalition fighting Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. The July 14 festivities see thousands of men and women from France’s army, navy and air force march down the Champs Elysees avenue in Paris. The U.S. military will this year march with French forces.  On July 14, 1789, crowds stormed the Bastille prison, where opponents of the monarchy were held, at the start of the French Revolution. Plans by Trump to visit Britain have yet to be finalised despite an invitation by Prime Minister Theresa May when she met him in Washington in January. The prospect of a visit has met opposition in Britain, prompting fears of angry protests, also a possibility in France. “Donald Trump is violent and there’s no reason for him being here,” a far-left lawmaker and former French presidential candidate said on Wednesday. “He is not welcome. That’s clear,” Jean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the France Unbowed movement, told Europe 1 radio. ",1
2984,"Trump growing frustrated with China, weighs trade steps: officials","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is growing increasingly frustrated with China over its inaction on North Korea and bilateral trade issues and is now considering possible trade actions against Beijing, three senior administration officials told Reuters. The officials said Trump was looking at options including tariffs on steel imports, which Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross already has said he is considering as part of a national security study of the U.S. steel industry.  Whether Trump would take any steps against China remains unclear. In April, he backed off from a threat to withdraw from NAFTA after he said Canadian and Mexican leaders telephoned him asking him to halt a planned executive order in favor of opening discussions. The officials said there was no consensus on the way forward with China and they did not say what other options were being studied. No decision was expected this week, a senior official said. Chinese steel already is subject to dozens of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy orders. As a result it has only a small share of the U.S. market. “What’s guiding this is he ran to protect American industry and American workers,” one of the U.S. officials said, referring to Trump’s 2016 election promise to take a hard line on trade with China. On North Korea, Trump “feels like he gave China a chance to make a difference” but has not seen enough results, the official said. The United States has pressed China to exert more economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea to help rein in its nuclear and missile programs. Beijing has repeatedly said its influence on North Korea is limited and that it is doing all it can. “They did a little, not a lot,” the official said. “And if he’s not going to get what he needs on that, he needs to move ahead on his broader agenda on trade and on North Korea.” U.S. Ambassador to China Terry Branstad, who arrived in Beijing on Tuesday, spoke reporters outside his residence on Wednesday and said the United States hoped to collaborate with China. “We need to work together to deal with some of the pressing, difficult issues, such as the threat from North Korea. We want to work together to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula,” he said.  The death of American university student Otto Warmbier last week, after his release from 17 months of imprisonment in Pyongyang, has further complicated Trump’s approach to North Korea, his top national security challenge. Trump signaled his disappointment with China’s efforts in a  tweet last week: “While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!” Trump had made a grand gesture of his desire for warm ties with Chinese President Xi Jinping when he played host to Xi in April at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach, Florida. “I think China will be stepping up,” Trump said at the time.  Since then, however, North Korea’s tests of long-range missiles have continued unabated and there have been reports it is preparing for another underground nuclear test. Trump dropped by last Thursday as White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster and Trump senior adviser Jared Kushner were meeting Chinese State Councillor Yang Jiechi, an official said. China’s inability to make headway on North Korea was one of the topics that was discussed, according to two people familiar with the meeting. In a statement last week, China’s foreign ministry said Yang had met McMaster and Kushner, but it gave no details. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang did not directly answer a question about that meeting, but said China and the United States had discussed North Korea, among other issues, during a security dialogue Yang attended. Yang also had a separate meeting with Trump. The ministry said last week that Yang told Trump that China was willing to work with all sides, including the United States, to lessen tension on the Korean peninsula and promote an “appropriate” resolution.  Trump met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday at the White House and made a point of noting that the United States, India and Japan would be joining together in naval exercises soon in the Indian Ocean, a point that seemed aimed at India rival Beijing. Trump also thanked India for joining the United States in imposing new sanctions against North Korea. ",1
2985,"Facing revolt on healthcare bill, U.S. Senate Republicans delay vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leaders postponed a vote on a healthcare overhaul on Tuesday after resistance from members of their own party, and President Donald Trump summoned Republican senators to the White House to urge them to break the impasse. The delay put the future of a longtime top Republican priority in doubt amid concerns about the Senate bill from both moderate and conservative Republicans. With Democrats united in their opposition, Republicans can afford to lose only two votes among their own ranks in the Senate. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had been pushing for a vote ahead of the July 4 recess that starts at the end of the week. The legislation would repeal major elements of Obamacare and shrink the Medicaid government healthcare program for the poor. “We’re going to press on,” McConnell said after announcing the delay, adding that leaders would keep working to make senators “comfortable” with the bill. “We’re optimistic we’re going to get to a result that is better than the status quo.” At the White House meeting with most of the 52 Republican senators, Trump said it was vital to reach agreement on the Senate healthcare measure because Obamacare was “melting down.”  “So we’re going to talk and we’re going to see what we can do. We’re getting very close,” Trump told the senators. But he added, “If we don’t get it done, it’s just going to be something that we’re not going to like, and that’s okay.” McConnell, whose party has a razor-thin majority in the 100-member Senate, told reporters that Republican leaders would work through the week to win over the 50 senators needed to pass the bill, with a vote planned after the recess. Vice President Mike Pence could provide the crucial vote needed to break a tie. “I think we can get 50 votes to yes by the end of the week,” Republican Senator Roger Wicker said after the White House meeting. The House of Representatives last month passed its own version of a healthcare bill, but the Senate bill has been criticized from both the left and the right. Moderate Republicans worried millions of people would lose their insurance. Conservatives said the bill does not do enough to erase Obamacare. The bill’s prospects were not helped by a Congressional Budget Office analysis on Monday saying it would cause 22 million Americans to lose insurance over the next decade, although it would reduce the federal deficit by $321 billion over that period. The report prompted Senator Susan Collins, a Republican moderate, to say she could not support the bill as it stands. At least four conservative Republican senators said they were still opposed after the CBO analysis. Three more Republicans, Rob Portman of Ohio, Jerry Moran of Kansas and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, said after the delay was announced that they oppose the current draft. Portman and Capito cited the bill’s Medicaid cutbacks and how that would hurt efforts to combat the opioid epidemic that has taken a heavy toll in their states. The Medicaid program was expanded under former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. “I think giving time to digest is a good thing,” Republican Senator Bob Corker said after the delay was announced. U.S. stock prices fell, as the decision to postpone the vote added to investor worries about Trump’s ability to deliver on his promises of tax reform and deregulation, as well as changes to the health sector. Those expected changes have driven a rally in U.S. stocks this year. The benchmark S&P 500 index closed down 0.8 percent, and the Dow Jones industrial average finished down 0.46 percent. “The market likes certainty and now there’s uncertainty. What is this going to look like when this gets out of the next iteration?” said Peter Costa, president of trading firm Empire Executions Inc. Passing the measure would be a win for Trump as he seeks to shift attention after weeks of questions over Russia’s role in last year’s U.S. presidential election. McConnell has promised since 2010 that Republicans, who view Obamacare as a costly government intrusion, would destroy the law “root and branch” if they controlled Congress and the White House. Republicans worry a failure to deliver will cost them votes in next year’s congressional elections. If the Senate passes a healthcare bill, it will either have to be approved by the House or the two chambers would reconcile the differences in a conference committee. Otherwise, the House could pass a new version and send it back to the Senate. Lawmakers are expected to leave town by Friday for their July 4 holiday break, which runs all next week. The Senate returns to work on July 10, the House on July 11. Lawmakers then have three weeks in session before their month-long August recess. (This story corrects Dow Jones industrial average’s percent loss in 16th paragraph.) ",1
2986,"Trump and Irish PM talk migration, Brexit in phone call","(Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar held a phone call with U.S. President Donald Trump in which he discussed migration and Britain’s exit from the European Union, the Irish government said in a statement on Tuesday. “Particular topics discussed included migration, Brexit and the movement of goods and citizens across the border, climate change, free trade, Irish inward investment in the United States, and the undocumented Irish,” the statement said, as well as the Northern Irish peace process. The border between Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland, an EU member, will become the only land frontier between the UK and the EU after Britain exits the bloc in March 2019. ",1
2987,U.S. hopes to see Chinese activist Liu treated for cancer 'elsewhere',"BEIJING (Reuters) - Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to China Terry Branstad said on Wednesday the United States would like to see Nobel Peace Prize-winning activist Liu Xiaobo treated elsewhere for cancer, and that the two countries must work together on human rights. Liu, 61, was jailed for 11 years in 2009 for “inciting subversion of state power” after he helped write a petition known as “Charter 08” calling for sweeping political reforms.  He is being treated in a hospital in the northern city of Shenyang for late-stage liver cancer after he was granted medical parole, his lawyer told Reuters on Monday. Branstad said his heart went out to Liu and his wife, Liu Xia, who has been under effective house arrest since her husband won the peace prize. “We Americans would like to see him have the opportunity for treatment elsewhere if that could be of help,” Branstad said in his first remarks to journalists in Beijing since he was confirmed in May as President Donald Trump’s top representative to China. “And because of the relationship I have with both President Xi and President Trump, I hope I can be a go-between that can help address some of these challenging issues in the future,” he said outside the ambassador’s residence in leafy central Beijing after arriving earlier on Tuesday. Branstad, a former Iowa governor, has been described by Beijing as an “old friend” of China. He hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping, then a county-level Communist Party leader, in Iowa in 1985, and again in 2012 when Xi was vice president.  Liu was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in December 2010 for his activism in promoting human rights in China, which responded by freezing diplomatic ties with Norway. They normalized ties last December. The prison bureau of Liaoning province said on Monday that Liu was being treated by eight “well-known tumour experts”, but Western politicians and rights activists have voiced concern about the quality of treatment. A video of Liu Xia crying and talking about her husband’s condition was shared online late on Monday, saying doctors could not perform radiotherapy or chemotherapy. A source close to the family said Liu was being treated using targeted therapy and that he and his wife wanted to return to Beijing for treatment but authorities rejected their request. The U.S. Embassy called for Liu’s release on Tuesday but declined to comment on whether it was speaking with China about him being transferred to the United States for treatment. The embassy said its main focus was that Liu be “released on his own recognizance”. Patrick Poon, a researcher at Amnesty International, told Reuters late on Tuesday that he had been authorized by several people close to the family to say that Liu Xia had told Chinese authorities she wants her husband to receive medical treatment abroad.  Chinese state-run newspaper the Global Times, published by the official People’s Daily, said there was a precedent for prisoners on medical parole to be allowed overseas for treatment, but that as a Nobel Laureate Liu “could motivate more Western public opinion attacks against China than other dissidents”. “If he is willing to go abroad, that is perhaps partly out of the despair he feels from being marginalized by Chinese society and constitutional order,” the newspaper said. China has acknowledged problems of mistreatment in the criminal justice system in the past and has repeatedly vowed to crack down to address them. It has also said other countries should not use individual cases to interfere in China’s internal affairs. “Liu Xiaobo is a Chinese citizen. Why should there be discussions with other countries about the issue of a Chinese citizen who is serving his sentence?” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters at a regular briefing when asked about Branstad’s remarks. Lu said he believed the ambassador was “very clear about his duties” to increase mutual understanding and political trust. (This story corrects translation of ministry spokesman’s comments in penultimate paragraph to “serving his sentence” not “in a bad way”) ",1
2988,Trump to nominate Textron executive for Pentagon acquisition post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Textron Systems Chief Executive Ellen Lord for the position of under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics, the White House said in a statement on Tuesday. Lord, who must be confirmed by the Senate, would become the Pentagon’s chief weapons buyer. In May, Trump proposed a budget that would boost Pentagon spending by $52 billion to $574.5 billion for fiscal year 2017. Textron Systems Corp, a defense contractor, is a unit of Textron Inc.  ",1
2989,Trump pushes U.S. labor board toward Republican control,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he had picked an employment lawyer who has represented companies and business groups for a vacancy on the National Labor Relations Board. The selection of William Emanuel, 75, to fill one of the two vacancies at the agency brings it closer to having a Republican majority, which is expected to undo a series of recent decisions seen as favoring unions. The five-member NLRB oversees union elections and disputes between workers, unions, and employers.  Emanuel, a Los Angeles-based partner at law firm Littler Mendelson, has worked with Republicans in Congress and major trade groups from an array of industries, and has for decades defended employers in cases before the board. He is a member of the conservative Federalist Society, an influential group of lawyers credited with pushing Trump to nominate U.S. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch to the high court. Emanuel said in a statement that it is an honor to be nominated. Industry groups such as the National Retail Federation and the National Restaurant Association hailed Emanuel’s nomination, saying he would help repair damage done to businesses by rulings from the NLRB during the Barack Obama administration. Trump last week said he intended to nominate fellow Republican Marvin Kaplan, a lawyer with the federal Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, to another vacancy on the board.  The positions require confirmation by the U.S. Senate.  The NLRB has been controlled by Democrats for nearly a decade and they currently have a 2-1 majority. When it has no vacancies, the board typically includes three members from the president’s party and two from the opposing party. Under Trump, lawyers and business groups expect the board to roll back a series of policy changes adopted during the administration of former President Barack Obama. They include rules designed to speed the union election process and a 2015 decision that made it easier for companies to be held liable for legal violations by contractors, staffing agencies, and franchisees. It was not clear when the Senate could vote on Trump’s nominees but several lawyers and other experts said the process could stretch into the fall. Kaplan previously worked for Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives crafting employment-related legislation. ",1
2990,House overwhelmingly backs NATO mutual defense,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted nearly unanimously on Tuesday to reaffirm the NATO alliance’s guarantee that all members defend each other, weeks after President Donald Trump raised doubts about Washington’s support for the agreement. The vote was 423-4 in the House, where Trump’s fellow Republicans hold a 48-seat majority, for a resolution “solemnly reaffirming” the U.S. commitment to Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty. It also supports calls for every NATO member to spend at least 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defense by 2024.  During a visit to NATO headquarters in Brussels in May that was part of his first overseas trip, Trump pointedly did not mention U.S. support for that critical portion of the NATO charter, rattling allies. Instead, he used a speech there to demand that member states pay more for the alliance’s defense. Trump later said he backed the mutual defense agreement, and other senior officials rushed to express U.S. support. “With all the threats we and our partners face around the globe, a strong and secure NATO is more important than ever before,” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement. The resolution was co-sponsored by Ryan and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, as well as the number two Republican and Democrat in the chamber, and the Republican chairman and the ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. ",1
2991,Clinton campaign chairman testifies in House Russia probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, on Tuesday appeared before the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which has begun interviewing witnesses in its probe of how Russia may have influenced the 2016 election. Committee members declined to comment on the discussion to reporters as they left the panel’s secure hearing room. Podesta stopped and commented briefly. “They asked me to come forward to give to the best of my knowledge what I knew about that, and I was happy to cooperate with the committee in their investigation of Russian interference with the democratic process in the United States,” he said. Republican President Donald Trump, who defeated Clinton in the election, recently has accused former Democratic President Barack Obama of doing too little to address Russian cyber attacks while he was still in the White House. On Monday, Trump demanded on Twitter that investigators apologize for looking to Russian interference and possible collusion with his campaign. He accused Obama of having “colluded or obstructed,” without providing evidence. [nL1N1JN12O] Asked whether he thought Obama had done enough, Podesta said, “I think the president and the entire administration were dealing with an unprecedented incidence of the weaponization of the fruits of Russian cyber activity and making the best judgments they could on behalf of the American people.” During the 2016 campaign, hackers penetrated the Democratic National Committee’s email server and separately stole emails from Podesta’s personal account. The emails were then posted online and used to embarrass Clinton, including by Trump, who frequently used their content as political ammunition. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia was behind the hacking and that it was seeking to boost Trump’s chances of winning the White House. Russia has denied trying to influence the election, and Trump has dismissed such allegations as sour grapes by Democrats and their supporters unable to come to terms with his surprise victory in November. The House intelligence panel is conducting one of several investigations into Russian meddling in the election and possible collusion with members of Trump’s campaign, as is Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller.[nL1N1IC249] The House panel began bringing in witnesses for interviews this week, and a few more are expected before lawmakers leave Washington by Friday for their weeklong July 4 holiday recess. ",1
2992,Republican tax code revamp hits House budget obstacle,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code have hit a snag in the House of Representatives, where infighting over spending cuts is delaying adoption of a legislative tool they need to move a tax bill forward. The House Budget Committee canceled plans to send a budget resolution for fiscal 2018 to the floor this week, lawmakers said on Tuesday, as conservative Republicans pushed to add hundreds of billions of dollars in mandatory spending cuts to the blueprint. House and Senate passage of a budget resolution is vital to President Donald Trump’s pledge to deliver on tax reform this year because the document would free Republicans to circumvent Democratic opposition in the Senate. But the push to cut programs including Medicaid and food stamps, which benefit the poor, could lead to a stalemate. Trump administration officials and Republican leaders in Congress are working separately to agree on a tax bill that can be unveiled in September. “No budget, no tax reform,” said Representative Mark Walker, who chairs the Republican Study Committee, a group of more than 150 conservative lawmakers. “That’s why there should be a sense of urgency to get this done pretty quick.” Their aim is to cut mandatory programs that are required by law and viewed as principle drivers of deficit spending. The result could be legislation containing lower taxes for the wealthy and corporations alongside reduced benefits for the poor.  Lawmakers say there is Republican agreement on topline discretionary spending levels of $621.5 billion for defense and $511 billion for non-defense programs. Representative Jim Jordan, a leading member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, is pushing to cut as much as $400 billion over a decade from a range of programs that benefit the poor. Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows said he wanted another $295 billion in cuts on top of that.  “It has to be linked to tax reform, because we believe tax reform is going to happen,” Jordan said in an interview.  The budget committee canceled its plans this week after the chairmen of several other panels pushed back against efforts to include $250 billion in spending cuts. “The end game is to get a budget out of the committee,” House Budget Committee Chairwoman Diane Black told reporters. “I do see a viable path. And I am going to continue to push.”  ",1
2993,Top Senate Republican expresses optimism on healthcare bill after Trump meeting,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said a meeting between Senate Republicans and President Donald Trump on healthcare was helpful and he expressed optimism the Senate would eventually pass a bill to repeal Obamacare. “I think the meeting was very helpful,” McConnell said as he left the meeting at the White House. “I think everyone around the table is interested in getting to yes ... because we know the status quo is simply unacceptable, unsustainable and no action is just not an option.” “I had hoped ... that we could have gotten to the floor this week, but we’re not quite there,” he added. “But I think we’ve got a really good chance of getting there. It will just take a little bit longer.” ",1
2994,Hedge fund executive Scaramucci lands post at Export-Import Bank: source,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Hedge fund industry executive Anthony Scaramucci, an advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump, has been named chief strategy officer of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, a source familiar with the appointment said on Tuesday. Scaramucci, a Republican fundraiser, has been working at the Washington-based bank since the middle of June and also remains in consideration to become ambassador to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. ",1
2995,Trump brand to exit Toronto skyline after buyout deal,"TORONTO (Reuters) - The name Trump will be removed from a high-rise hotel and condo development in downtown Toronto after the project’s new owner, JCF Capital ULC, reached a deal with Trump Hotels to buy out its management contracts for an undisclosed amount. U.S. President Donald Trump never owned the project, but his company had signed a long-term branding and management deal with the building’s developer, Talon International Development Inc, which defaulted on its construction loan last year. JCF Capital ULC earlier this year bought units in the 65-story Trump International Hotel & Tower that were not owned by individuals in a court-run sale. In a statement announcing the buyout on Tuesday, JCF Capital did not say whether it had reached a deal yet with another group to take over the management and branding of the building in Toronto’s financial district. Sources told Reuters earlier in June that Marriott International Inc’s (MAR.O) St. Regis brand was the lead bidder to take over the brand and management rights, with one saying that the Trump Organization had agreed to sever its connections.  “We are pleased to have reached this agreement with JCF and have enjoyed our relationship with them as the new owners of this property,” Eric Danziger, chief executive of Trump Hotels, said in the JCF statement. JCF is a vehicle created by Juniper Capital Partners LLC and Cowie Capital Partners Inc to buy the tower. Trump’s business interest will receive at least $6 million for walking away from its long-term contracts, and the Trump signage could be removed as early as Aug. 1, Bloomberg reported, citing a person it did not identify. The tower, which opened in 2012 after construction delays, has had a troubled history, including lawsuits from unhappy investors and has also been the scene of several protests against President Trump’s policies and statements. His business connections around the world have sparked lawsuits and criticism about potential conflicts of interest since he took office in January.  Since its opening, Talon had sold less than half of the tower’s residential condos, and the hotel’s occupancy rates have been lower than some investors in the rooms had hoped. A court last year ordered the developer to pay damages to one investor for “negligent misrepresentation” and for another sale to be rescinded.  ",1
2996,Pence says Trump-Modi meetings 'historic and productive',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Tuesday hailed a first meeting between President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as “historic and productive,” and said Trump recognizes U.S. ties with India as “one of the most important strategic relationships in the 21st century.” Addressing the U.S.-India Business Council a day after Trump’s first meeting with Modi in Washington, Pence stressed that India must continue to enact economic reforms to ensure the bilateral trade relationship was reciprocal. Pence echoed Trump’s remarks in the White House Rose Garden on Monday, when the president called on India to relax trade barriers while taking pains to stress the importance of a strong U.S.-India relationship. Pence praised Modi’s move to simplify his country’s goods and services tax, strengthen protection of intellectual property rights and break down barriers to investment and market access, but said India needed to do more to create the “fair and reciprocal” trade relationship Trump sought. “We truly believe, with great respect, that the time to act is now,” Pence added.  The vice president emphasized the growing security relationship with India, both in the fight against terrorism and to ensure unimpeded movement of commerce - an allusion to shared concerns about China’s territorial claims in Asia. “President Trump recognizes that the United States’ relationship with India is one of the most important strategic relationships in the 21st century,” he said. Pence pointed to fast-expanding U.S. defense sales to India and added: “The United States will continue to enable the Indian armed forces to obtain the resources and technology it needs to protect the Indian people and support security in the region.” He said the United States would sell India Sea Guardian drones, Apache attack helicopters and C-17 transport aircraft and said that the process to approve the sales was “underway as we speak.” The White House said after Trump’s meeting with Modi that it had offered India the naval variant of the Predator drone made by U.S. defense contractor General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, a deal that would be worth more than $2 billion.  Such a sale of sensitive hardware must be authorized by the State Department before being sent to Congress for review.  As Modi and Trump met on Monday, a Pentagon agency said the State Department had approved the possible sale of a Boeing C-17 transport aircraft with an estimated cost of $366 million. The Apache deal dates back to 2010 when Congress was notified of a $1.4 billion potential sale of 22 Apaches to the Indian Air Force. In 2015, Boeing Co announced the order had been finalized, but did not disclose a price. The first  deliveries are scheduled for 2019.    A source familiar with the deal said the Indian Air Force has some options for additional Apaches and the Indian Army has also expressed interest in the aircraft. The White House said that if completed, the new sales would  increase bilateral defense trade to nearly $19 billion. ",1
2997,NAFTA hearings start with Democratic lawmakers urging strong labor rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two Democratic congressmen on Tuesday called on the Trump administration to demand strong labor provisions in its renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement to reverse chronic wage erosion in Mexico. At a public hearing in Washington tied to the imminent trade talks, U.S. representatives Sander Levin and Bill Pascrell, both members of the House Ways and Means Committee, said improved labor rights in Mexico was their top NAFTA priority.      “U.S. wages are being driven down by the depressed wages in Mexico,” Levin said in testimony. “Why? Because the entire Mexican labor system is designed to prevent workers from obtaining their rights and bargaining for better wages and working conditions.” Levin, citing a wage figure of about $2 an hour for Mexican auto plant workers versus about $28 for the United States, said that NAFTA must be modernized to ensure that Mexican workers have a true right to collective bargaining, replacing the current Mexican system of labor conciliation and arbitration boards. Negotiated in the early 1990s by the United States, Canada and Mexico, NAFTA lacks enforceable labor provisions. Levin and Pascrell said that new labor standards must have an enforcement mechanism that ensures full implementation of provisions before a new trade deal goes into effect. Pascrell also sharply criticized the Trump administration for failing to spell out clear and specific objectives for the NAFTA renegotiations, which are due to start on Aug. 16. “We in Congress – and the American public and the companies and stakeholders that make up the American economy – are completely in the dark when it comes to what the administration intends to do, why, and for whose benefit.” Pascrell also called for “major reforms” to NAFTA’s dispute resolution mechanism. Trump administration officials also have criticized the system, which it says is biased against U.S. interests.    The hearings, which also will include testimony from dozens of industry groups and companies on their hopes for the talks, will take place through Wednesday at the International Trade Commission in Washington. The U.S. Trade Representative’s office, which will take the lead role in the negotiations, is expected to publish more detailed NAFTA negotiating objectives around mid-July. ",1
2998,Supreme Court's recent unity faces looming test,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As the U.S. Supreme Court navigated a difficult period in which it was short one member for more than a year, justices from across the ideological spectrum often managed to find common ground. That sense of unity promises to be soon put to the test. The nine-justice court ended its 2016-2017 term on Monday with a flurry of rulings. When it resumes work in October, its recently restored conservative majority could become more assertive as the justices tackle big cases on whether the U.S. Constitution lets businesses refuse to serve gay couples for religious reasons, presidential powers and manipulating electoral district boundaries for partisan gain. Neil Gorsuch, Republican President Donald Trump’s appointee, joined the court in April, giving conservatives a 5-4 majority. Gorsuch already has established himself as among the most conservative and outspoken justices even before beginning his first full term.  “We will certainly see more cases where they are sharply divided,” Chicago-Kent College of Law professor Carolyn Shapiro said. While partisan tensions in Washington have deepened since Trump took office in January, the Supreme Court largely remained above the fray. In the 14 months that the court operated with only eight justices following Justice Antonin Scalia’s death and was divided equally between liberals and conservative, it showed greater unanimity in its decisions than in recent years. During that time, the justices often sidestepped major rulings on divisive issues, resolving several cases narrowly and trying to avoid 4-4 votes that would leave legal questions unresolved.  The court even avoided a sharp ideological split in its decision on Monday on how to handle Trump’s contentious order banning people from six Muslim majority countries from entering the United States. The four liberal justices were silent as the court allowed parts of the order to go into effect and agreed to decide the legality of the policy in its next term. The court already has agreed to hear several major cases in which the justices are likely to be divided on ideological lines, including one on the conflict between gay rights and religious freedom concerning a Christian baker from Colorado who refused to make a cake for a same-sex couple, citing his religious beliefs. The justices will also weigh whether state legislative districts violate constitutional protections if they are drawn purely to gain partisan advantage in a case involving a Republican-configured electoral map in Wisconsin that could have major consequences for U.S. elections. The travel ban case, Trump’s first big Supreme Court battle, is a major test of presidential powers, with Trump’s administration arguing that the judiciary should show deference to the president on national security matters. In the term that just ended, the court was able to decide all but two of the cases it heard. On Monday, the justices ordered that those cases, both on immigration-related issues, be re-argued in its next term, when Gorsuch would be able to participate. The action suggests the court was divided 4-4 along ideological grounds on those cases. A review of rulings from the 2016-2017 term compared with previous years shows a higher rate of unanimity, likely prompted by the greater need for compromise without a decisive ninth vote. In 69 cases in which the court issued decisions on the merits, there were no dissenting votes in 41 of them, or 59 percent, according to Kedar Bhatia, who compiles court statistics for the SCOTUSblog website. That compares with 44 percent in the court’s previous term and 40 percent in the one prior to that.  “With only eight members, I think the court was trying harder to achieve as much agreement as possible, both in the close cases and in the not-so-close ones,” said Kannon Shanmugam, a lawyer who regularly argues before the court. While they were shorthanded, the justices took up fewer cases that were likely to divide them ideologically. For example, they took six cases on patent protections, a higher-than-normal number, on an issue in which they usually are unanimous. ",1
2999,Senate postpones planned healthcare vote until after July 4 recess: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell has decided to put off a planned vote on a healthcare bill to repeal Obamacare until after the Senate’s July 4 recess, CNN reported on Tuesday. McConnell and other Republican leaders have been pressing to round up enough support for the healthcare legislation, but still appeared to be several votes short. ",1
3000,House panel spars over self-driving car rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans and Democrats in Congress sparred on Tuesday over U.S. states setting rules for testing and deployment of self-driving cars and a proposal to allow automakers and technology companies to bypass existing regulations in introducing autonomous cars. Democrats on a U.S. House Energy and Commerce subcommittee said that the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) must play a more aggressive role in mandating self-driving car safety. A Republican draft package of 14 bills would allow NHTSA to exempt up to 100,000 vehicles per year from federal motor vehicle safety rules, which currently prevent the sale of self-driving vehicles without human controls. It would also bar states from setting self-driving rules and prevent NHTSA from preapproving self-driving car technologies. “We simply cannot have cars that stop at state lines,”  Representative Robert Latta said at a hearing of the subcommittee. “This isn’t the government saying you have to get in a self-driving car. This is government make sure that industry can innovate.” Latta said he hoped to win committee approval of a bipartisan legislative package by the end of July. General Motors Co, Alphabet Inc, Tesla Inc and others have been lobbying Congress to pre-empt rules under consideration in California and other states that could limit self-driving vehicle deployment. Representative Frank Pallone, a Democrat, said that under the Republican proposal, states would be barred from regulating self-driving car safety “without a guarantee that NHTSA will step in” to set binding rules. “We need to be sure that we get this right and that safety is the first priority,” Pallone said. Democrats noted that the administration of President Donald Trump, a Republican, has not nominated a candidate to head NHTSA, which has a number of vacant senior positions. NHTSA did not sent an official to testify. Two automaker trade associations said in testimony it is essential they do not face a “patchwork” of self-driving state rules. They said NHTSA will have to approve exemptions. Republicans, citing competition from other countries and the rising number of traffic deaths, say it is urgent Congress approve sweeping legislation to ensure automakers and technology companies test the vehicles inside the United States.  The administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama last year unveiled voluntary guidelines on self-driving cars. Trump’s Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao has vowed to quickly update those.  ",1
3001,Iran's Zarif raps U.S. Supreme Court's partial revival of travel ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Iran’s foreign minister criticized on Tuesday a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to revive part of President Donald Trump’s travel ban imposed on citizens from six majority Muslim countries, saying it would boost militants in the Middle East. The justices narrowed the scope of lower court rulings that had completely blocked key parts of a March 6 executive order that Trump had said was needed to prevent terrorism attacks, allowing his temporary ban to go into effect for people with no strong ties to the United States. [nL1N1JN0M6] “We always believed that the Muslim ban that President Trump imposed soon after assuming office had no basis in facts and would not help fight terrorism,” Iran’s Mohammad Javad Zarif told a joint news conference in Berlin with his German counterpart. Zarif called the U.S. decision the “greatest gift” for militant groups seeking new recruits. Separately, Zarif tweeted: “A bigoted ban on Muslims will not keep US safer. Instead of policies empowering extremists, US should join the real fight against them.” Zarif said the travel ban punished people who had never been convicted of a terrorist act, while people from other countries involved in past attacks would not be affected. “For some terrorism and support for terrorism is measured by the amount of arms they buy from the U.S, and not by actually being involved in acts of terrorism,” he said, in an apparent reference to recent U.S. approval of $110 billion in arms sales to Saudi Arabia. Saudi citizens are not affected by the travel ban. Zarif did not mention Saudi Arabia by name but the ultra-conservative Sunni Muslim kingdom is the arch-foe of Shi’ite Iran in the region. ",1
3002,Trump son-in-law Kushner hires prominent trial lawyer: NYT,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner, has hired a prominent trial lawyer to help represent him in inquiries linked to Russia, the New York Times reported on Monday citing another member of his legal team. Kushner took on Abbe D. Lowell, the newspaper said, joining other senior administration figures including U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Vice President Mike Pence and Trump himself in hiring private attorneys. The White House has come under increased scrutiny since Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller and a number of congressional committees launched investigations into whether there were ties between Russia and Trump’s 2016 election campaign team.  Trump and his key aides have repeatedly denied any collusion with Moscow. Mueller is examining Kushner’s meetings with the Russian ambassador and a Russian banker as part of a broad enquiry, the New York Times said. But there are no signs that Kushner is the target of an investigation and Kushner has promised to cooperate, the newspaper added. The 36-year-old Kushner, a real estate developer with no previous government experience, had at least three previously undisclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador to the United States during and after the 2016 presidential campaign, seven current and former U.S. officials told Reuters in May. When Mueller became special counsel in May, he left a job at WilmerHale, a legal firm that also employs another lawyer for Kushner, Jamie Gorelick.    “When Bob Mueller left WilmerHale to become special counsel and three of our colleagues joined him, we asked Mr. Kushner to get independent legal advice on whether to continue with us as his counsel,” Gorelick said in a statement to the Times.  “He engaged Abbe Lowell to advise him and then decided to add Mr. Lowell to the team representing him in the various inquiries into the Russia matter,” she said.  Trump on Monday demanded that investigators apologize for looking into Russian interference and possible collusion with his election campaign, accusing predecessor President Barack Obama of having “colluded or obstructed,” but he did not provide evidence. Russia has said it did not interfere in the vote. ",1
3003,U.S. Senator Lee to oppose motion to begin healthcare debate: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Mike Lee, who has said he is opposed to a draft bill to repeal Obamacare introduced by Senate Republican leaders, is also against a motion to proceed to debate on the bill, the Associated Press reported on Twitter on Tuesday. Lee would be the fifth Republican who has stated opposition to beginning debate on the measure, joining Senators Susan Collins, Rand Paul, Ron Johnson and Dean Heller. Republicans can only afford to lose two votes to move forward on the bill, given Democratic opposition. ",1
3004,Senate to push ahead with healthcare vote this week: NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will push ahead with a vote this week on a healthcare bill to repeal Obamacare, even though it was not yet clear there are enough votes for passage, NBC News reported on Tuesday, citing a comment by the chamber’s No. 2 Republican. “We expect to have the support to get it done, and yes, we will vote this week,” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said, according to a Twitter post by NBC News. ",1
3005,Supreme Court breathes new life into Trump's travel ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday handed a victory to President Donald Trump by reviving parts of a travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries that he said is needed for national security but that opponents decry as discriminatory. The justices narrowed the scope of lower court rulings that had completely blocked key parts of a March 6 executive order that Trump had said was needed to prevent terrorism attacks, allowing his temporary ban to go into effect for people with no strong ties to the United States. [tmsnrt.rs/2seb3bb] The court issued its order on the last day of its current term and agreed to hear oral arguments during its next term starting in October so it can decide finally whether the ban is lawful in a major test of presidential powers. In a statement, Trump called the high court’s action “a clear victory for our national security,” saying the justices allowed the travel suspension to become largely effective. “As president, I cannot allow people into our country who want to do us harm. I want people who can love the United States and all of its citizens, and who will be hardworking and productive,” Trump added. Trump’s March 6 order called for a blanket 90-day ban on people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day ban on all refugees while the government implemented stronger vetting procedures. The court allowed a limited version of the refugee ban, which had also been blocked by courts, to go into effect. Trump issued the order amid rising international concern about attacks carried out by Islamist militants like those in Paris, London, Brussels, Berlin and other cities. But challengers said no one from the affected countries had carried out attacks in the United States. Federal courts said the travel ban violated federal immigration law and was discriminatory against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution. Critics called it a discriminatory “Muslim ban.” Ahmed al-Nasi, an official in Yemen’s Ministry of Expatriate Affairs, voiced disappointment. “We believe it will not help in confronting terrorism and extremism, but rather will increase the feeling among the nationals of these countries that they are all being targeted, especially given that Yemen is an active partner of the United States in the war on terrorism and that there are joint operations against terrorist elements in Yemen,” he said. Groups that challenged the ban, including the American Civil Liberties Union, said that most people from the affected countries seeking entry to the United States would have the required connections. But they voiced concern the administration would interpret the ban as broadly as it could. “It’s going to be very important for us over this intervening period to make sure the government abides by the terms of the order and does not try to use it as a back door into implementing the full-scale Muslim ban that it’s been seeking to implement,” said Omar Jadwat, an ACLU lawyer. During the 2016 presidential race, Trump campaigned for “a total and complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the United States. The travel ban was a signature policy of Trump’s first few months as president.  In an unusual unsigned decision, the Supreme Court on Monday said the travel ban will go into effect “with respect to foreign nationals who lack any bona fide relationship with a person or entity in the United States.”  A lack of a clearly defined relationship would bar from entry people from the six countries and refugees with no such ties. Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin, who successfully challenged the ban in lower courts, said that students from affected countries due to attend the University of Hawaii would still be able to do so. Both bans were to partly go into effect 72 hours after the court’s decision. The Department of Homeland Security and the State Department pledged to implement the decision in an orderly fashion. “We will keep those traveling to the United States and partners in the travel industry informed as we implement the order in a professional, organized, and timely way,” a State Department spokeswoman said. Trump signed the order as a replacement for a Jan. 27 one issued a week after he became president that also was blocked by federal courts, but not before it caused chaos at airports and provoked numerous protests. Even before the Supreme Court action the ban applied only to new visa applicants, not people who already have visas or are U.S. permanent residents, known as green card holders. The executive order also made waivers available for a foreign national seeking to enter the United States to resume work or study, visit a spouse, child or parent who is a U.S. citizen, or for “significant business or professional obligations.” Refugees “in transit” and already approved would have been able to travel to the United States under the executive order. The case was Trump’s first major challenge at the Supreme Court, where he restored a 5-4 conservative majority with the appointment of Neil Gorsuch, who joined the bench in April. There are five Republican appointees on the court and four Democratic appointees. The four liberal justices were silent. Gorsuch was one of the three conservative justices who would have granted Trump’s request to put the order completely into effect. Fellow conservative Justice Clarence Thomas wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned that requiring officials to differentiate between foreigners who have a connection to the United States and those who do not will prove unworkable.  “Today’s compromise will burden executive officials with the task of deciding - on peril of contempt - whether individuals from the six affected nations who wish to enter the United States have a sufficient connection to a person or entity in this country,” Thomas wrote. The state of Hawaii and a group of plaintiffs in Maryland represented by the American Civil Liberties Union argued that the order violated federal immigration law and the Constitution’s First Amendment prohibition on the government favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. Regional federal appeals courts in Virginia and California both upheld district judge injunctions blocking the order. ",1
