id,title,text,label
14529,U.S. urges African nations to press North Korea over nuclear program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged African leaders on Friday to take further actions to pressure North Korea to end its nuclear and missile programs, including downgrading diplomatic ties and expelling North Korean laborers.  All nations must act to implement U.N. sanctions in full,  Tillerson told a trade and security gathering with African ministers.  Further, I urge you to take additional measures to pressure the DPRK by downgrading your diplomatic relationships with the regime, severing economic ties, expelling all DPRK laborers and reducing North Korea s presence in your country.  The U.S. State Department said on Thursday that Sudan had committed to severing trade and military ties with North Korea. ",1
14530,Brexit progress needed by early December to unlock talks: EU's Tusk,"GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said he told British Prime Minister Theresa May that the European Union wants progress on Irish border and financial issues by early December to move Brexit talks forward. The EU summit chair told reporters after meeting May in Sweden:  While good progress on citizens has been made, we need to see much more progress on Ireland and on the financial settlement. In order to avoid any ambiguity about our work calendar, I made it very clear to Prime Minister May that this progress needs to happen at the beginning of December at the latest.  Tusk will chair another EU summit on Dec. 14-15 which could give a green light to launching negotiations on a future trade deal with London. But EU officials say that they need a couple of weeks to prepare such a summit decision once London meets their conditions. ",1
14531,"Nine killed, others injured in minibus crash in central Bulgaria","SOFIA (Reuters) - Nine people were killed and 19 others were injured when a minibus crashed into a truck on a highway in central Bulgaria on Friday, the interior ministry said. The driver of the bus, which was taking a group of blind people back home after an excursion to the town of Dryanovo, was among the dead and some of the injured were in a critical condition. The accident occurred soon after noon (1000 GMT) on the highway connecting Bulgaria s capital Sofia and the Black Sea city of Varna, near the village of Mikre, some 130 kilometers (81 miles) west of Sofia. The ministry said the injured were taken to hospital, but did not say how many of them were in a critical condition. The causes of the accident have yet to be established but Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov ordered the transport ministry to carry out a full inspection of the minibus involved, the ministry said. Local media reported that there had been at least eight serious car crashes, killing 10 people, on the same stretch of road near Mikre since 2014. Bulgaria, which has a population of 7.1 million, has the highest road death rate in the European Union. A total of 535 people died in accidents on Bulgarian roads in the first 10 months of 2017, interior ministry data showed. ",1
14532,"Egypt orders suspected Libyan militant, 14 others be held over desert attack","CAIRO (Reuters) - The Egyptian public prosecutor ordered that a suspected Libyan militant and 14 others be held for 15 days pending an investigation of their role in a deadly attack in Egypt s western desert last month, state news MENA reported on Friday. The Interior Ministry said on Thursday that Abdelrahim Mohamed al-Mesmari, from the Libyan city of Derna, was captured by Egyptian forces following an air raid in response to the attack. Security sources initially said at least 52 policemen were killed when militants attacked a patrol, firing rockets and detonating explosives in a remote part of the desert. The Interior Ministry refuted those figures and said 16 were killed. Charges against Mesmari will include premeditated murder of police officers, possession of firearms and joining a terrorist organization, MENA reported.    A new and little-known group called Ansar al-Islam claimed responsibility for the October attack, posing a new threat to Egyptian security forces, which have been battling an Islamic State insurgency in the Sinai peninsula since 2013. The military last month killed 15 militants in an air raid directed at the group it blamed for the desert attack, according to the Interior Ministry, which said that all of those killed had been trained in Derna.  Mesmari escaped the air raid but was later arrested along with 29 Egyptians who had been recruited to join the group, according to the Interior Ministry. (This version of the story corrects final paragraph to clarify that 29 suspects were arrested later, after the air strike in which 15 were killed) ",1
14533,ECHR orders Greece to pay damages over probe of death in wiretap case,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Europe s top human rights court has faulted Greece for failing to fully investigate the death of a telecoms engineer in 2005 during a scandal over wiretapping of the country s political leadership. Costas Tsalikidis, 38, was found hanged in his apartment in Athens in March 2005, around the time that Vodafone Greece told authorities of widespread wiretapping of much of the government, including the prime minister, via Vodafone s network. Tsalikidis had worked for Vodafone.  On two occasions, Greek judicial authorities ruled out foul play related to Tsalikidis s death. He did not leave a note and his family said he was not suicidal. They took the case to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).      The Court considers that the national authorities failed to carry out an adequate and effective investigation into the circumstances surrounding the death of Mr Tsalikidis,  the Strasbourg-based court said in a ruling dated Nov. 16. It ordered Greece to pay Tsalikidis s family 50,000 euros in damages for the state s failure to clarify circumstances surrounding his death.  The Court observes, in particular, that the difficulty in determining whether there was any substance in the applicants  claim that their relative was unlawfully killed rests with the failure of the authorities adequately to investigate the circumstances of the death,  it said.  A Greek prosecutor would investigate whether the case needed to be reopened, Greek court sources told Reuters on Friday. Then Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis and the foreign, defense and public order ministers were among about 100 people whose mobile phones were tapped for months around the time of the 2004 Athens Olympics. Unauthorized installed software allowed calls to and from scores of mobile phones to be recorded from June 2004 until March 2005. It stopped when Vodafone discovered the incident and reported it to authorities, Reuters reported at the time. Who was behind the wiretap is unclear. In 2006 and 2007, Vodafone Greece was fined a total of 95 million euros by Greek regulators for breaching privacy rules. A forensic expert contracted by Tsalikidis s family called the initial autopsy probe  grossly inadequate , while a second investigation launched after exhumation in 2012 revealed inconsistencies which should have been investigated further, the ECHR said in its verdict.  (The) Court notably bore in mind that the public prosecutor, during the initial investigation, had mentioned that the death had been causally linked to the wiretapping case. It had therefore been all the more important to take every measure necessary to investigate Costas Tsalikidis  death,  the court said. It noted Tsalikidis s family had at no point contended Greek authorities were responsible for his death or implied Greece was aware he was at risk.  ",1
14534,Hariri says his Saudi stay was to discuss Lebanon's future,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned from his post as Lebanon s prime minister two weeks ago from Saudi Arabia, said on Friday he has been in Saudi for discussions  on the future of the situation in Lebanon and its relations with the surrounding Arab region . Writing on Twitter, Hariri also said information which has been circulating about his stay, his departure and his family are  just rumors .  ",1
14535,"Serbian, U.S. army paratroopers jump together to boost ties","BELGRADE (Reuters) - Paratroopers from Serbia and the United States jumped side-by-side just north of Belgrade on Friday as part of a training tailored to bolster ties between the Balkan country and NATO. The exercise dubbed Winter 2017, may raise eyebrows in Moscow which wants to keep Serbia, a Slavic and Orthodox Christian ally under its umbrella, and is worried over possible NATO expansion in the Balkans. It is also a long way from 1999 when NATO bombed what was then Yugoslavia because of its policies toward Kosovo. Although the European Union is Serbia s single largest trade partner and investor, Russia controls its oil and gas supplies. Moscow has also sought to bolster military ties with Belgrade with the donation of six MiG-29 fighter jets. Serbia is one of the few Balkan countries not in the 28-member NATO which is hugely unpopular there due to its 1999 bombing campaign. Alliance troops are still deployed in Kosovo, Serbia s former southern province, whose 2008 independence has not been accepted by Belgrade, Russia, China and some EU members. But joint exercises take place anyway. After more than 100 paratroopers from Serbian elite brigades and the U.S. Army 173rd Airborne Brigade landed on a grassy runway of a small airport near Belgrade, Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic dubbed the drill part of confidence-building activities.   The other (goal) is the creation of cooperation, partnerships and friendships (in areas that) we were not always able to boast about in the past,  Vucic told reporters. In 2006 Serbia, which maintains military neutrality, joined NATO s Partnership for Peace program and in 2015 it signed the Individual Partnership Action Plan - the highest level of cooperation for countries not aspiring to join.  Although it strives for a balance between Moscow and the West, rejecting calls from U.S. officials to pick its side, Serbia in 2017 had 13 military drills with NATO or its members, seven with the U.S. and only two with Russia. ",1
14536,New Israeli draft laws seen protecting PM under criminal probe,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Two of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s closest allies have initiated legislation in what opponents say is a rearguard action to try to shield him from a police probe into corruption allegations against him. Netanyahu is a suspect in two cases, one into alleged meddling in the media industry and the other into gifts he received from rich businessmen. He denies any wrongdoing. But, if charged, he would come under heavy pressure to resign or could call an election to test whether he still had a mandate. Two lawmakers who want Netanyahu to stay in power have proposed two new draft laws that have alarmed the attorney-general and the police. One would bar police from providing prosecutors with the investigators  conclusions on whether charges should be brought against suspects. The second, known as the  French Law  because of similarities with legislation in France, would delay any investigation of a prime minister until he or she leaves office. Netanyahu, a right-wing leader now in his fourth term, has said he has no interest in promoting personal legislation, but he has not ordered his coalition head, David Bitan and his co-sponsor of the bills, David Amsalem, to withdraw the bills. Bitan said that once police publish their findings, suspects are convicted in the court of public opinion even if they are eventually cleared. Those who oppose the draft bills are more worried about toppling Netanyahu than about democracy, he said.  They (the bills) protect democracy. Suspects have rights too,  Bitan told Reuters.  The  French Law  has not yet been brought before parliament. Coalition partners are at odds over its phrasing but Bitan says he will not shelve the legislation.  The bill, he said, would not apply to the present investigations against the prime minister. But if passed, it could potentially affect any future legal moves affecting Netanyahu in at least one other case in which he is currently not a suspect. [L5N1ND240] Parliament passed the first draft in an initial reading this month but both drafts may ultimately fall through before being written into law. The  French Law  would not apply to any investigations under way, but the other proposed law would.  In comments leaked to the media, Attorney-General Avichai Mandelblit complained about  a multitude of proposals that are meant to harm us all .  Lawmakers and cabinet ministers have a right to propose bills, he said in remarks broadcast on Army Radio. But, in comments suggesting they were politically motivated, added that   this batch is not innocent .  I m being attacked on all fronts with means that are not within the rules of the democratic game,  Mandelblit said.      Police also said, in a statement to Reuters, that they had come under pressure from politicians.   Police will keep with its determined fight against crime and corruption, keep serving the public and will not be deterred by any attempt to weaken it,  the statement said. The two investigations in which Netanyahu is a suspect are  known as Case 1000 and Case 2000. Case 1000 revolves around gifts he received from businessmen, including cigars and champagne. Netanyahu s lawyers say they were simply presents from long-time friends, with no quid pro quo. Case 2000 focuses on suspicions Netanyahu negotiated with the publisher of Israel s best-selling newspaper for better coverage in return for curbs on the competition. The prime minister s lawyers say Netanyahu never seriously considered any such deal.    Netanyahu has described himself as a victim of a political witch hunt and said of the cases against him:  There will be nothing because there is nothing.   The prime minister is under no legal obligation to step down if indicted, but some political analysts predict he would opt for new elections to renew his public mandate if charged. All four prime ministers of the past two decades have been suspects in police investigations but only Ehud Olmert was charged and convicted. He spent 16 months in jail for accepting bribes from real estate developers.   In high-profile cases such as these, police usually say if they have gathered sufficient evidence against the suspects, before handing over to the Justice Ministry, where the Attorney-General and prosecutors decide whether to file charges. Mordechai Kremnitzer, a law professor and vice president of the Israel Democracy Institute, said Netanyahu s governing coalition was abusing  the power of legislation  to try to extricate him from his legal problems.  This has set a record and reflects a complete loss of restraint and total shamelessness,  he said. ",1
14537,"Governor of Yemen's interim capital resigns, accuses PM of corruption","ADEN (Reuters) - The governor of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s interim capital Aden has resigned, citing what he said was government corruption that had undermined his efforts to restore basic services to the city. Abdulaziz al-Muflehi s resignation just six months after his appointment deals a blow to Hadi s government as it pushes its fight against the Iran-aligned Houthis who have seized much of northern Yemen since late 2014, forcing Hadi into exile. Officials from Prime Minister Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr s office did not respond to repeated requests for comment. The government denies charges of corruption and says it operates according to high standards of transparency. In a lengthy letter sent to Hadi, Muflehi said he had intended to focus on infrastructure building and activating state bodies such as the judiciary and police when he assumed office in May.  Unfortunately, I found myself caught in a bitter war against a huge camp of corruption whose brigades are well trained and fortifications are protected by guards led by Prime Minister Dr. Ahmed Obeid bin Daghr,  Muflehi wrote in his resignation letter, a copy of which was sent to Reuters. The letter was also published by local media, including online newspapers Aden News and Aden al-Ghad. As an example, he said bin Daghr had transferred more than 5.787 billion riyals ($13.4 million) from the province s account to the Communications Ministry, saying he wanted to give Yemen an internet service that rivals advanced countries. Muflehi said the country first needed to restore electricity services to areas like Aden, and said the move  hides avidities and corruption .  Muflehi had spent much of his time outside Aden since he was appointed by Hadi in May to replace Aydaroos al-Zubaydi, a local militia commander who had thrown his weight behind secessionists demanding the restoration of the former South Yemen that merged with the tribal north in 1990. Southerners have regularly complained of the domination of the more populous north in the union, including allegations of seizure of real estate and forced retirement of civil servants and military personnel under former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who was forced to step down after mass protests in 2011. Hadi s government had pledged to restore sacked civil servants and military personnel and pay back salaries they had complained had been denied to them, but the outbreak of civil war in 2015 has derailed the plans. ",1
14538,Lebanese foreign minister says hopes Hariri returns to Beirut: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Lebanon s Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said in Moscow that he hopes Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as prime minister on Nov. 4, would return to Beirut after he completes his visit to France, Russia s RIA news agency reported. He said that the main aim now is that Hariri can return to Lebanon without any conditions or restrictions on his freedom and, once back in Lebanon, that he can decide whether to step down as the prime minister, the news agency reported. He said, according to the agency, that Hariri should still be considered as Lebanon s serving prime minister. Hariri s visit to France was aimed solely at securing his return to Lebanon, the agency reported. Bassil said earlier on Friday that some forces are trying to oust the Lebanese leader. ",1
14539,Exclusive: North Korea rules out negotiations on nuclear weapons,"GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea on Friday ruled out negotiations with Washington as long as joint U.S-South Korea military exercises continue, and said that Pyongyang s atomic weapons program would remain as a deterrent against a U.S. nuclear threat. In an interview with Reuters, Han Tae Song, North Korea s ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, brushed off the new  sanctions which the Trump administration has said it is preparing, as well as the possibility of North Korea being added to a U.S. list of states sponsoring terrorism. South Korea and the United States agreed on Friday to keep working for a peaceful end to the North Korean nuclear crisis, but a U.S. envoy said it was difficult to gauge the reclusive North s intentions as there has been  no signal . Han, asked about those bilateral talks in Seoul, replied:  As long as there is continuous hostile policy against my country by the U.S. and as long as there are continued war games at our doorstep, then there will not be negotiations.    There are continued military exercises using nuclear assets as well as aircraft carriers, and strategic bombers and then...raising such kinds of military exercises against my country,  he said. He, who is ambassador to the U.N. s Conference on Disarmament, was speaking at the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK) mission in Geneva, where the DPRK and the United States secured a 1994 nuclear deal which later fell apart.  He said he had no information on when North Korea might test a ballistic missile again, after the last one two months ago.   The DPRK, my country, will continue to build-up its self-defense capability, the pivot of which is nuclear forces and capability for a triumphant...strike as long as U.S. and hostile forces keep up nuclear threat and blackmail,  Han said.   Our country plans ultimate completion of the nuclear force,  he said. China said on Thursday that a  dual suspension  proposal to handle North Korea was still the best option, after U.S. President Donald Trump said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping had rejected a  freeze for freeze  agreement. Han, asked about China s latest appeal for a freeze, said  the situation is far from those things . Han said that U.S. administrations had  never accepted  halting joint military exercises, adding:  So if they accept such things, then we will think what we do in the future.  North Korea could not consider abandoning its nuclear program, he said, adding:  This is the deterrent, the nuclear deterrent to cope with the nuclear threat from America.  Han said that Trump was expected to announce further sanctions against North Korea. Existing sanctions have constituted  large-scale human rights violations  that had delayed delivery of aid and consumer goods, he said.  It is obvious that the aim of the sanctions is to overthrow the system of my country by isolating and stifling it and to intentionally bring about humanitarian disaster instead of preventing weapons development as claimed by the U.S. and its followers,  he said. Han, asked whether new U.S. sanctions were expected against North Korean individuals or financial structures, said:   The media is saying the Americans and Trump are considering such things.  But that is their business and then we don t mind what they want to do against my country since the aim is quite clear.  So we are ready for such kinds of measures taken by  America against my country,  he said. ",1
14540,Saudi Arabia swapping assets for freedom of some held in graft purge: sources,"BEIRUT/RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi authorities are striking agreements with some of those detained in an anti-corruption crackdown, asking them to hand over assets and cash in return for their freedom, sources familiar with the matter said. The deals involve separating cash from assets like property and shares, and looking at bank accounts to assess cash values, one of the sources told Reuters. Dozens of princes, senior officials and businessmen, including cabinet ministers and billionaires, have been detained in the graft inquiry at least partly aimed at strengthening the power of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. These include billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. One businessman had tens of millions of Saudi riyals withdrawn from his account after he signed. In another case, a former senior official consented to hand over ownership of four billion riyals worth of shares, the source said.   The Saudi government earlier this week moved from freezing accounts to issuing instructions for  expropriation of unencumbered assets  or seizure of assets, said a second source familiar with the situation. There was no immediate comment from the Saudi government on the deals and the sources declined to be identified because these agreements are not public. Analysts said the deals may help end uncertainty about the anti-corruption crackdown but could have an impact on Saudi Arabia s risk perception among investors.   Eliminating uncertainty about what the Saudi authorities are going to do goes a long way toward giving the market comfort that the regime is getting its house in order, and plugging its deficit,  said Louis Gargour, founder and senior portfolio manager at London-based hedge fund LNG Capital. Riyadh has been cutting spending while raising taxes and fees to curb a state budget deficit caused by low oil prices. The deficit, which hit $98 billion in 2015, is shrinking but at a high cost to the economy - data in late September showed Saudi Arabia in recession during the second quarter. The Saudi government has in recent years been pressing wealthy individuals to invest more in the kingdom and bring home some of their wealth from overseas. The United States is closely watching the situation in Saudi Arabia, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday. Asked about agreements to hand over wealth for detainees  freedom, Mnuchin told CNBC:  I think that the Crown Prince (Mohammed bin Salman) is doing a great job at transforming the country.  Gargour said:  From a civil liberties point of view obviously incarcerating people doesn t give us comfort, and that s why we ve seen spreads on Saudi bonds go 50 basis points or so wider.  Funds started selling Middle East bonds early this month after Saudi Arabia detained dozens of senior officials and businessmen in an unprecedented crackdown on graft. Credit spreads and the cost of insuring debt against default have increased not only for Saudi Arabia and Lebanon, but across the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, which includes Qatar, Kuwait and Abu Dhabi.  From a trading point of view you want to identify the private companies most impacted and short or sell them, and conversely public sector companies will benefit,  said Gargour. The market value of the portfolio of Saudi equities held by the Public Investment Fund, the kingdom s sovereign wealth fund, has gained, even as the arrest or questioning of more than 200 people in the inquiry caused stocks in many privately controlled firms to slump. Reuters could not immediately verify a Financial Times report that in some cases the government is seeking to appropriate as much as 70 percent of suspects  wealth to channel hundreds of billions of dollars into depleted state coffers. The Saudi authorities have help from international auditors, investigators and people with experience in tracing assets. Bank representatives are on hand to execute the decisions immediately, one of the sources said. Saudi authorities have said they have questioned 208 people in an anti-corruption investigation and estimate at least $100 billion has been stolen through graft, an official said last week as the inquiry expanded beyond the kingdom s borders into the United Arab Emirates. Those detained include other high-profile businessmen such as Mohammad al-Amoudi, whose wealth is estimated by Forbes at $10.4 billion, with construction, agriculture and energy companies in Sweden, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia; and finance and healthcare magnate Saleh Kamel, whose fortune is seen at $2.3 billion. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is trying to use the anti-corruption purge as a way of boosting his popularity with the Saudi population, said Jason Tuvey, Middle East economist at Capital Economics.  But he may have realized that by doing this he s gone a step too far and ruffled too many feathers, and he is maybe trying to find a way out that means these people don t end up in prison forever and can carry on their business operations as before.  ",1
14541,"More work to be done to unlock Brexit talks: Britain's May, EU's Tusk","GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Council President Donald Tusk agreed on Friday there was more work to be done to advance Brexit talks and discussed ways to take further steps before December, a spokesman for May said. The two had  positive discussions  at a meeting on the sidelines of a summit in Gothenburg, Sweden, the spokesman said in a statement. May also met French President Emmanuel Macron.  Prime Minister May and President Tusk agreed that there is more work to be done and discussed how to take further steps forward together in advance of the European Council in December,  he added. ",1
14542,Italy holds funeral for 26 Nigerian women drowned in Mediterranean,"SALERNO, Italy (Reuters) - Italy held a mass funeral on Friday for 26 young Nigerian women who drowned while trying to cross the Mediterranean Sea. A Roman Catholic bishop and a Muslim imam both said prayers at the simple ceremony in the southern city of Salerno, with 26 wooden coffins laid out on a stone dais. A single white rose was placed on the lid of each. Just two of the women were identified.  It is very likely that these girls were victims of trafficking for sexual exploitation,  said Federico Soda, director UN migration agency IOM for the Mediterranean. A recent IOM report had estimated that 80 percent of Nigerian girls arriving in Italy by sea might be trafficking victims. The 26 bodies were retrieved from the sea on Nov. 3 by a Spanish rescue ship, while some 64 people were unaccounted for and feared lost, bringing the total dead to around 90, said Flavio Di Giacomo, an IOM spokesman. Survivors found on nearby rubber boats said the women were all Nigerian and had left Libya hoping to make it to Italy. The only two identified were named as Marian Shaka, who was married, and Osato Osaro. Both were pregnant. Some of those who died were believed to have been as young as 14. Almost 115,000 migrants, mainly African men, have reached Italy so far this year, according to government data released on Friday, against just over 167,000 in the same period last year. IOM said at least 2,925 people died trying to cross the Mediterranean from Jan 1.-Nov. 5 against 4,302 last year. The Italian government has worked with Libyan authorities to block migrants from leaving the north African state, leading to a sharp fall in new arrivals since the summer. The government says its policy has cut the number of sea deaths, while critics say it has left thousands of refugees and migrants trapped in appalling conditions in Libya.  ",1
14543,Ukraine prosecutors open case as inter-agency conflict escalates,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian prosecutors said on Friday they were investigating a case that could involve the head of the national anti-corruption bureau, the latest in a merry-go-round of law enforcement officials taking action against each other.  Prosecutors are checking an audio recording of a man reading out a wiretapping transcript to unknown persons, which could constitute the illegal sharing of classified information.  They are trying to establish whether the voice belongs to bureau director Artem Sytnyk. Contacted for comment, a spokeswoman for the bureau said Sytnyk was traveling abroad. Ukraine s political leaders want to convince their international backers they are serious about tackling entrenched corruption but have made only limited progress, delaying billions in new loans.  An investigation into the possible disclosure of secret documents has been registered,  General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko said in a televised briefing.  If it is confirmed that this document s status was secret and if it is confirmed that it was done by that law enforcement official, then he will have problems with the law,  he said. The bureau, known by its acronym NABU, and a sister anti-corruption agency known as NAZK were both set up after pro-Western leaders took charge of Ukraine in 2014, following a wave of unrest and the escape into exile of a Kremlin-backed former leader.  Lutsenko s statement caps a week of allegations flying around between different agencies.  On Monday, a senior prosecutor told Reuters that senior political leaders were trying to bury corruption investigations through a change to the criminal code that would result in NABU being overloaded with case work.  On Tuesday, NABU said it HAD opened a case against NAZK after allegations by a whistleblower, who also accused President Petro Poroshenko s office of exerting improper influence over the agency. The president s office denies the allegation. On Friday, as well as prosecutors announcing an investigation into NABU, NABU said it had opened a case in October against Lutsenko at the behest of a court, but gave no details of the investigation.   The investigation continues,  NABU spokeswoman Svitlana Olifira told 112 channel about Lutsenko s case.  There are no conclusions. The task is to check the facts.  Lutsenko dismissed the case as illogical, saying it concerned whether he should have declared two parking places belonging to his adult son in an online registry of officials  income and property.  I am confident in the legality of my position,  he said. Conflict between NABU and the general prosecutor s office is nothing new. In August 2016 prosecutors raided NABU offices and then later interrogated two NABU officials, sparking a protest from anti-corruption campaigners. Lutsenko said infighting between the agencies was unacceptable.  It seems to me that healthy cooperation between all law enforcement bodies is being destabilized,  he said. ",1
14544,EU leaders proclaim European social standards to woo voters,"GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - European Union leaders proclaimed a set of 20  social rights  on Friday in an attempt to make the EU more appealing to voters and counter rising eurosceptic sentiment across the bloc. The set of social rights, supported by all EU governments and institutions, spells out what the EU believes are the foundations of fair and well-functioning modern labor markets and welfare systems. It encompasses principles ranging from equal access to jobs and fair working conditions and wages to social protection and unemployment benefits and training.  Our Union has always been a social project at heart. It is more than just a single market, more than money, more than the euro. It is about our values and the way we want to live,  European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said.  Today we assert our common values and commit ourselves to a set of 20 principles and rights. From the right to fair wages to the right to health care; from lifelong learning, a better work-life balance and gender equality to minimum income,  he said. Recent elections in Germany, France, Austria and the Czech Republic, in which populist parties have performed well, have shown citizens have lost confidence in governments or in the European Union.  There is certainly a need to respond,  a senior EU official said. Britain s decision last year to leave the EU served as a wake-up call for the bloc and made it reflect on the way forward, including putting more emphasis on social policies.  I think people believe there s been maybe an excessive focus in recent years on economic matters, banking, and we want to re-fire the engine of social Europe, advancing things like equality, workers rights, pension rights and other things,          Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said. Juncker and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven will now produce a report that will allow leaders meeting again next month to see how the principles should be followed. Some eastern European countries are wary that the push for social rights could be used by some nations to undermine current rules that allow their citizens to work elsewhere in the EU at salaries lower than the local labor force. The proclaimed set of rights - known as the European Pillar of Social Rights - says everybody has the right to quality education throughout their lives and that men and women must have equal opportunities in all areas and be paid the same. The unemployed have the right to  personalized, continuous and consistent support , while workers have the right to  fair  wages that provide a  decent standard of living . Minimum wages should be ensured to satisfy the needs of  workers and their families, the leaders agreed. While the rights would not be directly enforceable by the EU, except where they already exist in national laws and therefore subject to national courts, they establish a common EU standard and language for discussion of social issues. Trade unions and business associations backed the set of European social rights, saying a particular effort was needed to boost the employment chances of young people.  We want Europe to continue to have the most highly developed social systems in the world,  the business and trade union organizations said in a joint statement. ",1
14545,U.S. monitoring Saudi situation amid post-purge wealth deals: U.S. Treasury chief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is closely watching the situation in Saudi Arabia amid reported asset agreements between Saudi authorities and some detainees in an anti-corruption crackdown, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday. Asked about the agreements to hand over wealth for detainees  freedom, Mnuchin told CNBC  I think that the Crown Prince (Mohammed bin Salman) is doing a great job at transforming the country,  adding that the United States was  obviously monitoring the situation.  ",1
14546,Hariri's Paris meeting to boost Lebanon stability: top aide,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as prime minister on Nov. 4, will see France s president on Saturday in Paris and the meeting will help resolve the Lebanese crisis and boost stability, a senior Hariri aide said. Hariri quit as prime minister in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia two weeks ago, saying he feared assassination and railing against Riyadh s foe Iran along with its Lebanese ally Hezbollah. Hariri, a Sunni Muslim leader and long-time Saudi ally, has yet to return to Beirut.  His decision to quit threw Lebanon into a political crisis. It also put the country center stage in the Middle East s overarching rivalry between Saudi Arabia and its allies and a bloc led by Iran.  Prime Minister Hariri has a meeting tomorrow at the Elysee with the French president, and Lebanon will have overcome this big obstacle,  said Lebanese Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk, a senior member of Hariri s political party on Friday.   The door will open to more stability and to the ability to face all the difficulties that we have gone through,  Machnouk said after meeting with Lebanese President Michel Aoun.  A Elysee Palace source has said Hariri would fly to Paris on Saturday and meet President Emmanuel Macron the same day. [nL8N1NM3WN] French officials said they did not know how long Hariri would stay before returning to Beirut but hoped his visit would help soothe the crisis by demonstrating he was not being held in Saudi Arabia. Aoun has refused to accept the resignation unless the premier returns to Lebanon, and has accused Riyadh of holding Hariri hostage. The president said this week on Twitter he hoped  the crisis is over  and the France visit would open the door to a solution. Top Lebanese government officials and senior politicians close to Hariri say he was forced to quit and was being held by Saudi. Politicians from all sides in Lebanon have called for his return to Beirut. Riyadh has denied forcing Hariri to resign or detaining him. In a TV interview on Sunday, his first public comments since quitting, Hariri said he is free to leave and would return home soon to formally submit his resignation. Hariri became Lebanon s prime minister last year in a power-sharing deal in which Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, became head of state. His coalition government includes Hezbollah, the heavily armed Shi ite Muslim militant group and political party. ",1
14547,Russia: Lebanon should solve problems without outside interference - Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, said on Friday that Lebanon should resolve problems without outside interference and Moscow backs sovereignty of the country, Interfax news agency reported. Lavrov s statements came during a crisis over the resignation of Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri. Lavrov was meeting with the Lebanese foreign minister in Moscow. ",1
14548,Lebanese foreign minister: some forces trying to oust Lebanon leader - Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said on Friday some forces were trying to oust the leader of the country, Russia s Interfax news agency reported.  Some sides are trying to use certain forces in order to displace the leader of Lebanon,  Interfax quoted Bassil as telling his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Moscow. ",1
14549,"U.S. envoy says no communication, no signal from North Korea amid nuclear crisis","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States agreed on Friday to keep working for a peaceful end to the North Korean nuclear crisis, but a U.S. envoy said it was difficult to gauge the reclusive North s intentions as there has been  no signal . North Korea is under heavy international pressure to end its nuclear and missile programs, pursued in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions, but has vowed never to give up its nuclear arsenal which it says it needs to counter perceived U.S. aggression. Lee Do-hoon, South Korea s special representative for Korean  peace and security affairs, and his U.S. counterpart, Joseph Yun, met on the southern resort island of Jeju, following a summit between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump in Seoul last week.  There is no doubt that both of the presidents want to find a peaceful way in regard to North Korea s nuclear issue,  Yun told reporters, according to Yonhap news agency.  So we discussed them and we agreed the pressure campaign has to be a central element.  Trump has said the time for talk is over but he took a softer tone on his trip to Seoul. North Korea s last missile test was on Sept. 15 but Lee and Yun did not seem to put much emphasis on the lull, Yonhap said, as they were unable to gauge its intentions.  I hope that they will stop forever. But we had no communication from them so I don t know whether to interpret it positively or not. We have no signal from them,  Yun said. Lee drew significance from the fact that China, the North s lone major ally, had sent a special envoy to Pyongyang, saying that South Korea was closely watching what would come out of the visit. The envoy arrived on Friday. Trump has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as North Korea races toward its much publicized goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war. It denies North Korea s persistent accusation that it is planning to invade. (This version of the story was refiled to add  Korea  to headline)  ",1
14550,Kremlin says not yet known if Putin will seek re-election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday it was not yet known if Russian President Vladimir Putin will run for re-election when his term ends next year. Peskov said Putin met former finance minister Alexei Kudrin to talk about a strategy for economic development up to 2024. Asked if Kudrin was helping draft Putin s program for the next term, Peskov told reporters:  It is now yet known if Putin will run for the next presidential term.  The next six-year term expires in 2024. ",1
14551,"After ditching Taiwan, China says Panama will get the help it needs","BEIJING (Reuters) - China will provide Panama with whatever help it needs after the Central American country ditched long-standing ties with self-ruled Taiwan in June, a senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday after talks between the two countries  presidents. Panama s decision to end ties with Taiwan was a major victory for Beijing, as it lures away the dwindling number of countries that have formal relations with the island China claims as its own. Taiwan s government said at the time it was sorry and angry over the decision, and it would not compete with China in what it described as a  diplomatic money game . Speaking to reporters after Chinese President Xi Jinping and Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela signed 19 deals, including a feasibility study on a free trade agreement, Zhao Bentang, who heads the Chinese foreign ministry s Latin America department, said their ties were not based on money.  China and Panama establishing ties is a political decision made by both sides on the basis of political principles and looking at long term benefits. There were no economic or financial strings attached,  Zhao said.   If our Panamanian friends need, in the spirit of friendship and South-South cooperation the Chinese side is willing to assist Panama s economic and social development to the best of our capacity.  China and Taiwan have tried to poach each other s allies for years, often dangling generous aid packages in front of developing nations, though Taipei now struggles to compete with an increasingly powerful Beijing. Beijing says Taiwan has no right to diplomatic recognition because it is part of China. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan at the end of China s civil war in 1949. Varela told Chinese state television in September the decision to switch recognition to China had nothing to do with  chequebook diplomacy . Xi said Varela had shown strategic vision and political courage in recognizing China and that China wanted to draw up a  fine blueprint  for the development of relations.   This sends an important message to the world, which is that a brand new page has been opened in China-Panama relations,  Xi told Varela in Beijing s Great Hall of the People.  The development of ties has been delayed for many years, but that history has passed,  Xi added. Last month, a group including China Harbour Engineering Company Ltd (CHEC) began building a $165 million port in Panama for cruise ships, the first project announced between China and Panama since they established diplomatic ties. China is deeply suspicious of Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who it thinks wants to push for the island s formal independence, although she says she wants to maintain peace with Beijing. ",1
14552,Two killed as Kenyan police disperse opposition supporters,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Two people were shot dead on Friday as Kenyan police tried to disperse opposition supporters marching from an airport alongside the convoy of opposition leader Raila Odinga, a Reuters witness said. ",1
14553,"Putin, in decree, says Russia's armed forces are 1.9 million-strong","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on Thursday which said Russia s armed forces numbered just over 1.9 million people, including over 1 million military servicemen. The TASS news agency said the new decree replaced an older one from 2016 which had put the total number of personnel in the armed forces at around 1.8 million. ",1
14554,UK's Johnson: Russia veto of chemical weapons inquiry 'appalling',"LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Friday it was  appalling  that Russia had blocked a U.S.-drafted resolution to renew an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria.  It is appalling that the UN Joint Investigative Mechanism has been closed down,  Johnson said in a statement.  The United Kingdom will not let the end of the Joint Investigative Mechanism stop work with international partners to identify and hold accountable those responsible for using chemical weapons.  The vote at the United Nations on Thursday sparked a war of words between Russia and the United States in the Security Council. ",1
14555,Injured defector's parasites and diet hint at hard life in North Korea,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Parasitic worms found in a North Korean soldier, critically injured during a desperate defection, highlight nutrition and hygiene problems that experts say have plagued the isolated country for decades. At a briefing on Wednesday, lead surgeon Lee Cook-jong displayed photos showing dozens of flesh-colored parasites - including one 27 cm (10.6 in) long - removed from the wounded soldier s digestive tract during a series of surgeries to save his life.  In my over 20 year-long career as a surgeon, I have only seen something like this in a textbook,  Lee said. The parasites, along with kernels of corn in his stomach, may confirm what many experts and previous defectors have described about the food and hygiene situation for many North Koreans.     Although we do not have solid figures showing health conditions of North Korea, medical experts assume that parasite infection problems and serious health issues have been prevalent in the country,  said Choi Min-Ho, a professor at Seoul National University College of Medicine who specializes in parasites.  The soldier s condition was  not surprising at all considering the north s hygiene and parasite problems,  he said. The soldier was flown by helicopter to hospital on Monday after his dramatic escape to South Korea in a hail of bullets fired by North Korean soldiers.  He is believed to be an army staff sergeant in his mid-20s who was stationed in the Joint Security Area in the United Nations truce village of Panmunjom, according to Kim Byung-kee, a lawmaker of South Korea s ruling party, briefed by the National Intelligence Service.  North Korea has not commented on the defection. While the contents of the soldier s stomach don t necessarily reflect the population as a whole, his status as a soldier   with an elite assignment - would indicate he would at least be as well nourished as an average North Korean.   He was shot in his buttocks, armpit, back shoulder and knee among other wounds, according to the hospital where the soldier is being treated. Parasitic worms were also once common in South Korea 40 to 50 years ago, Lee noted during his briefing, but have all but disappeared as economic conditions greatly improved. Other doctors have also described removing various types of worms and parasites from North Korean defectors. Their continued prevalence north of the heavily fortified border that divides the two Koreas could be in part tied to the use of human excrement, often called  night soil.   Chemical fertilizer was supplied by the state until the 1970s, but from the early 1980s, production started to decrease,  said Lee Min-bok, a North Korean agriculture expert who defected to South Korea in 1995.  By the 1990s, the state could not supply it anymore, so farmers started to use a lot of night soil instead.  In 2014, supreme leader Kim Jong Un personally urged farmers to use human faeces, along with animal waste and organic compost, to fertilize their fields. A lack of livestock, however, made it difficult to find animal waste, said Lee, the agriculture expert. Even harder to overcome, he said, is the view of night soil as the  best fertilizer in North Korea,  despite the risk of worms and parasites.  Vegetables grown in it are considered more delicious than others,  Lee said. The medical briefing described the wounded soldier as being 170 cm (5 feet 5 inches) and 60 kg (132 pounds) with his stomach containing corn. It s a staple grain that more North Koreans may be relying on in the wake of what the United Nations has called the worst drought since 2001. Imported corn, which is less preferred but cheaper to obtain than rice, has tended to increase in years when North Koreans are more worried about their seasonal harvests. Between January and September this year, China exported nearly 49,000 tonnes of corn to North Korea, compared to only 3,125 tonnes in all of 2016, according to data released by Beijing.  Despite the drought and international sanctions over Pyongyang s nuclear program, the cost of corn and rice has remained relatively stable, according to a Reuters analysis of market data collected by the defector-run Daily NK website. Since the 1990s, when government rations failed to prevent a famine hitting the country, North Koreans have gradually turned to markets and other private means to feed themselves. The World Food Programme says a quarter of North Korean children 6-59 months old, who attend nurseries that the organization assists, suffer from chronic malnutrition. On average North Koreans are less nourished than their southern neighbors. The WFP says around one in four children have grown less tall than their South Korean counterparts. A study from 2009 said pre-school children in the North were up to 13 cm (5 inches) shorter and up to 7 kg (15 pounds) lighter than those brought up in the South.  The main issue in DPRK is a monotonous diet   mainly rice/maize, kimchi and bean paste   lacking in essential fats and protein,  the WFP told Reuters in a statement last month. ",1
14556,"Germany, France disagree with Russia on how to deploy peacekeepers in Ukraine: Gabriel","MINSK (Reuters) - There is a substantial difference between how Germany and France envisage the possible deployment of U.N. peacekeepers in eastern Ukraine and Russia s position, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told journalists on Friday. Both Kiev and Moscow have proposed U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to help resolve Ukraine s pro-Russian separatist conflict but the sides disagree on whether the troops should be positioned on the rebel-controlled part of the Ukraine-Russia border.  Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine have previously held talks in an effort to end the fighting that has killed more than 10,000 people despite a notional ceasefire.  Germany and France s idea and Russia s idea on how a blue helmets (peacekeeping) mission would be shaped are still very far apart,  Gabriel said during an official visit to Belarus. Nevertheless Gabriel said the deployment would represent a real chance for peace in the war-torn Donbass region.  Although our ideas are still far apart, it would be inadvisable to close this window of opportunity,  he said. ",1
14557,German parties must reach coalition deal this weekend: Merkel ally,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Angela Merkel s conservatives are ready to make further concessions on reducing coal emissions to salvage talks with two smaller parties on forming a coalition government, an ally of the German chancellor said on Thursday. Volker Kauder, parliamentary leader of Merkel s conservatives, said the conservatives, Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) could still seal a deal this weekend despite deep differences on climate and migration.  Despite the big stumbling blocks I believe it could work,  Kauder told reporters.  I feel readiness by all sides and everyone has to make concessions. And I believe that the exploratory talks must end this weekend.  ",1
14558,Mob boss and mass murderer Riina dies of natural causes,"ROME (Reuters) - Salvatore  Toto  Riina, the Sicilian Mafia s most powerful boss of the 20th century who was convicted for ordering dozens of murders, died of natural causes early on Friday after almost a quarter of a century in jail. Riina, who turned 87 on Thursday, died in the prison ward of a hospital in Parma, the northern Italian city where he had been serving 26 life sentences for homicides committed between 1969 and 1992. His victims included the two magistrates who led the campaign to bring mob bosses to justice. He had fallen into a coma after complications during surgery a few days ago, and his family had been given permission to be by his side on Thursday, the Justice Ministry said. Nicknamed  the Beast ,  Riina began his violent criminal career on the streets of Corleone after World War Two and became the Sicilian Mafia s boss of bosses when it reached its 20th century apex. Riina oversaw a flourishing economic period for organized crime group Cosa Nostra, or  Our Thing , when it was trafficking heroin to the eastern United States and pulling the levers of political power in Palermo and Rome. But due to Riina s savagery, hundreds of mobsters broke their code of silence in the 1980s and 1990s and testified against him, allowing magistrates Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino to uncover the long-hidden secrets of Cosa Nostra and prosecute its leaders for the crimes of its soldiers. Riina s January 1993 arrest, after more than 20 years as a fugitive, came just months after Falcone and Borsellino were blown up on his orders, and coincided with the tumultuous downfall of Italy s corrupt post-war political system. Since then, Riina has been held under high security with little access to his family in accordance with a law written to prevent bosses from commanding from prison. However, he remained a powerful figure within the mob even behind bars and refused to cooperate with investigators until the end.  Matteo Messina Denaro, a Riina ally who has been a fugitive for 25 years, is the highest ranking boss still at large, but it is unlikely he will be able take power, John Dickie, a British historian and author of the book  Cosa Nostra , told Reuters.  Cosa Nostra is internally and politically divided in a way that makes it almost ungovernable, and this division dates back to Riina s campaign for power in the 80s,  Dickie said.  Riina s surviving foes within Cosa Nostra had close ties to North America, and they are the ones most likely to seek a shift in the crime syndicate s balance of power.   Because the Sicilian Mafia is struggling, it needs to renew its access to the United States, which has been crucial to the organization since the 1880s,  Dickie said. Given various nicknames over the years - Toto, Shorty, the Beast among them - Riina was 19 when he shot a man dead during a gang fight in Corleone and spent six years in prison, a rite of passage for a mafioso.   When he returned to Corleone, he and his childhood friend Bernardo Provenzano, who would lead Cosa Nostra after Riina s arrest, fell under the sway of Luciano Leggio. Leggio took over the Corleone mafia with Riina and Provenzano at his side by killing the town s wartime mafia boss, medical doctor Michele Navarra, in 1958. U.S. author Mario Puzo would later name the main character in  The Godfather  after the town.  In 1969, Riina and Provenzano led a hit squad against feared boss Michele  the Cobra  Cavataio, ambushing him inside an office in Palermo, killing the Cobra, another mafioso and two innocent bystanders. The so-called  Lazio Street Massacre  gave the Corleone clan a foothold in Sicily s capital and a post on Cosa Nostra s governing body, the  Commission , and the arrest of Leggio in 1974 made Riina the acting boss of the Corleone crime family. The 1981 murder of mob boss Stefano Bontate signaled the beginning of a two-year killing spree known as  The Slaughter , in which Riina sought to annihilate his many rivals. Fearing for their lives and for those of their families, hundreds of mobsters broke their code of silence, or omerta, and cooperated with investigators.  The turncoat testimony was a key component in Falcone and Borsellino s landmark case against Cosa Nostra, which in January 1992 ended by holding mob bosses responsible for crimes committed by their underlings.  Two months later, mafia assassins gunned down Salvo Lima,  Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti s right-hand man in Sicily, sending a clear message about what Riina thought of the court ruling and Rome s failure to stop it. In May of the same year, a massive bomb that blew apart a motorway near Palermo killed Falcone, his wife and three bodyguards. In July, Borsellino was blown up by another car bomb along with his five bodyguards. Riina was arrested in Palermo six months after Borsellino s murder, but he never broke his code of silence, leaving a shroud of mystery over suspected negotiations between Cosa Nostra and Rome said to have taken place after Falcone s assassination. The law-enforcement crackdown that followed the 1992 bombings severely hobbled Cosa Nostra, whose presence in Sicily is still felt, but whose economic and political might has faded.  Today, Calabria s  Ndrangheta is considered by investigators to be Italy s most powerful organized crime group thanks to its role as the biggest European importer of South American cocaine. The mafia tradition has been carried forward by Riina s two sons, Giovanni and Giuseppe, who remained loyal to their father. Giovanni has been sentenced to life in prison for four murders, and Giuseppe spent several years in jail on mafia charges, though he is now free. Riina is also survived by two daughters, Maria Concetta and Lucia, and his wife Antonietta. His funeral is likely to be a private ceremony in Corleone, police said. ",1
14559,Zimbabwe's Mugabe appears in public for first time since coup,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe arrived at a university graduation ceremony in the capital on Friday, his first public appearance since a military seizure of power that political sources say is aimed at ending his 37 years in office. Wearing a blue and yellow academic gown and mortar board hat, the 93-year-old sat in large wooden chair at the front the hall. He was greeted by ululations from the crowd as he declared the ceremony open. ",1
14560,Erdogan says Turkey must clear Syria's Afrin of YPG militia,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday that Turkey needed to clear the Afrin region of northwest Syria of Kurdish YPG militia fighters, who have been in the forefront of the battle there against Islamic State insurgents. Erdogan, speaking in Ankara to officials from the ruling AK Party, also expressed disappointment with the United States, which backs the YPG. Ankara views the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union.  We need to cleanse Afrin of the structure there called the YPG terrorist organization,  Erdogan said. Turkey has long been angered at the United States  support for the YPG and Erdogan has repeatedly accused Washington of violating the alliance between the two countries.  We are greatly disappointed by the United States not keeping its promises. Many issues that we could have resolved easily...were pushed to a dead-end,  he said. Turkey has expressed displeasure at the U.S. stance toward a deal between the YPG and Islamic State under which hundreds of militants withdrew from the Syrian city of Raqqa before it fell to the Syrian Democratic Forces. Erdogan has previously said that Afrin would be on Ankara s agenda after its current operation in Syria s Idlib province, where Turkey and Russia have set up observation points under a  de-escalation  deal agreed by Ankara, Moscow and Tehran to ease the bloodshed in the six-year-old Syrian conflict. Erdogan said considerable progress had been made in Turkey s military operation in Idlib due to the co-operation of the three powers. Russia and Iran back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Turkey supports rebels opposing him, but all share a common foe in Islamic State. ",1
14561,Botswana's Khama tells Mugabe to go,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe should end his attempts to remain in office after the military seized power this week as he has no regional diplomatic support to stay in power, Botswana President Ian Khama said on Friday. The military intervention, which political sources say could pave the way to a national unity government after 37 years of Mugabe rule, also presented  an opportunity to put Zimbabwe on a path to peace and prosperity , Khama told Reuters.  I don t think anyone should be President for that amount of time. We are Presidents, we are not monarchs. It s just common sense,  Khama said. ",1
14562,"Cambodia faces U.S., EU action after banning opposition","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States stopped election support for Cambodia with a promise of more  concrete steps  and the European Union threatened vital trade preferences after the main opposition party to Prime Minister Hun Sen was banned. But China said it supported Cambodia in following its own path, making no criticism of the government led by the former Khmer Rouge commander who is one of Beijing s most important allies in Southeast Asia after more than three decades in power. The ban on the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), decreed by the Supreme Court at the government s request, followed the arrest of its leader for treason. Kem Sokha is accused of plotting to take power with American help. Hun Sen s critics called the CNRP dissolution an attempt to steal the election and the death knell for democracy. Western donors have spent billions of dollars since 1993 trying to build a multiparty system following decades of war.  On current course, next year s election will not be legitimate, free or fair,  a White House statement said, promising to take  concrete steps . The first of those was to end support for the Cambodian National Election Committee ahead of the 2018 election, it said. In April, the U.S. embassy announced a $1.8 million grant to assist local elections in 2017 and next year s general election. In Brussels, an EU spokesman said the election could not be legitimate without the opposition and noted that respect for human rights was a prerequisite for Cambodia s access to EU trade preferences under its  Everything But Arms scheme.  That scheme, giving tariff-free access, and similar trade preferences in the United States have helped Cambodia build a garment industry on low-cost labor. Between them, EU and U.S. markets take some 60 percent of Cambodia s exports.  I am very worried after the dissolution of the party,  factory sewer Heng Kheang, 35, said as other colleagues nodded in agreement at their lunch break.  Workers will be most affected, more than the rich.   In a symbolic step, the U.S. Senate passed a resolution calling on the Treasury and State departments to consider placing Cambodian officials implicated in abuses on a watch list for asset freezes and travel bans. Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at Cambodia s Interior Ministry who is close to Hun Sen, said the U.S. position was  made without consideration to the evidence and court hearing .  We hope that the U.S. will consider the overall bilateral relations with Cambodia and continue to collaborate with common interests of both countries,  he said. In Beijing, foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a news briefing that China supported Cambodia in pursuing its own development path. China is by far the biggest single donor to Cambodia and its biggest investor. Hun Sen has been in a deepening war of words with the U.S. embassy and State Department over a crackdown on his critics, but at the weekend posed with U.S. President Donald Trump at a regional summit and praised his policies of non-interference. The fact that the threat of action came from the White House gave it greater weight than previous statements from the State Department calling for the release of Kem Sokha. So far, Western countries have shown little appetite for sanctions and the opposition itself has shied away from calling for steps to restrict garment exports because of the hundreds of thousands of workers who depend on them. But leaders of the CNRP now say they support some sanctions.  Sanctions are the best leverage for negotiation for free, fair and inclusive elections,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy to CNRP leader Kem Sokha, who fled Cambodia fearing arrest. There have been no protests over the opposition party ban and many people in the capital, Phnom Penh, said they were afraid to speak out. There were no party members at the CNRP headquarters on Friday, only security guards.  They are worried about their safety,  said guard Chin Savy. The central market was full of its usual bustle and one man told Reuters he was glad to see the back of the opposition.  Hun Sen has a lot of help from China. If he just depended on the U.S., we wouldn t be anywhere,  said Khen Kong, 69, a businessman. In a televised address on Thursday, Hun Sen told Cambodians the election would go ahead  as normal  and appealed to politicians from the CNRP who had not been banned to join his Cambodian People s Party. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein expressed grave concern about the conduct of credible elections next year as well as a clampdown on civil rights groups and independent media. ",1
14563,Kenyan police fire tear gas at opposition leader's car: Reuters witness,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired tear gas at opposition leader Raila Odinga s car, a Reuters witness said.  Earlier, police and supporters of Odinga had fought running battles on Friday along the main road to Nairobi s international airport before Odinga landed from an overseas trip.  ",1
14564,Britain's government to push ahead with plan on specific Brexit date,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May will push ahead with plans to fix into law the time and date of the country s European Union exit for March 2019, her spokesman said on Friday, despite opposition from some members of her party.  We think it provides important certainty,  the spokesman said.  We would encourage all MPs to support it,  he added, referring to lawmakers.  ",1
14565,Mladic still a hero in dying home village in Bosnia,"BOZANOVICI, Bosnia (Reuters) - The sign nailed to a tree marking one of the few paved roads bears the name of the village s favorite son:  General Mladic Street . In a garage that serves as the makeshift tavern, his portrait looks down on the men who spend the day sharing a bottle of brandy. Ratko Mladic, the former Bosnian Serb military commander who will hear his verdict on charges of war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity next week in the Hague, is one of the highest profile war crimes suspects in Europe since Nuremberg. In the international court where his trial began more than five years ago, he is accused of ordering the killing of 8,000 unarmed Muslim men and boys after the capture of the town of Srebrenica, and raining artillery on civilians during the siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo. But here in his home village, where barely two dozen people   mostly his blood relatives   still remain in the hardscrabble countryside of the Bosnian hills, Mladic is, as the slogan on his portrait above the drinkers declares,  a hero .  He did not do such things. Others did it. The general is a colossus, a great and good man,  said Zoran Mladic, one of several villagers who identify themselves as cousins of the ex-general. Mladic, who was captured in 2011 after a decade and a half on the run, is still revered in the Serb sector of Bosnia as a hero and defender of the nation during the 1992-1995 war that killed more than 100,000 people. In his native village of crumbling cabins scattered across the slopes, every home has his portrait. Villagers pay him the ultimate compliment: he was a good worker, who often came back to visit, and a useful hand bringing in the harvest as a reaper in the fields.  He did not kill people. During the war he gathered our Muslim neighbors from a nearby village and warned them in time to leave,  said Dusko Mladic, another cousin, sitting in the tavern, who said he was a childhood playmate of the general.  I still often go to that village, work with Muslims and don t have any problems,  he said. The villagers are mainly farmers who keep cattle and sell produce in Sarajevo, which Mladic s forces kept under a 43-month siege, bombing its citizens daily and depriving them of water, power and food.  Today, as in much of the countryside, the younger generation has largely abandoned the village to go to Sarajevo in search of jobs. Those left behind barely survive on small pensions and the sale of milk and meat, disappointed at the lack of support by the Bosnian Serb authorities. They fear Mladic will be convicted and remembered as a war criminal.  I would be happiest if he died before the judgment,  said another cousin, Mile Mladic. That was the fate of Slobodan Milosevic, the former leader of Serbia, who died four years into his own genocide trial, ending it without a verdict.  We would then raise a large monument for him in the village and write the truth. All this that is happening is not the truth. It is a lie. The general is not guilty.  ",1
14566,"Shelling, air strikes as Philippine troops hunt militants in marshland","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine troops shelled positions held by a small group of pro-Islamic State militants in southern marshland on Friday, as the military pushed on with a new offensive after the country s biggest urban battle in decades. The army estimated 2,000 villagers had been displaced by several days of operations in a region straddling two provinces on the island of Mindanao, as the army went after the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF), a small and splintered rebel group inspired by Islamic State. The latest operation follows the end last month of what was the Philippines  biggest battle since World War Two, in which troops took five months to crush an alliance of Islamic State loyalists including BIFF fighters in Marawi City. The occupation of the city by the militants and their dogged resistance spread alarm in the region about the rise of extremism and radical aspirations to create an Islamic State  caliphate. Captain Nap Alcarioto, spokesman for the 6th Infantry Division, said troops were shelling BIFF gunmen in support of ground attacks in an area of marshland between the provinces of Maguindanao and Cotobato, about 170 km (106 miles) from Marawi.  We are still awaiting results of operations,  he said. The army said it was fighting a BIFF faction led by Abu Toraypie, a man allied with the Maute group, the biggest militant group in an alliance that led the Marawi conflict. Toraypie and some of his men had escaped from Marawi and the army was trying to prevent them from regrouping, the army said. Military aircraft dropped bombs on another BIFF wing in a town close by. The BIFF broke away  from the separatist Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) a decade ago after becoming disillusioned with a protracted process with the government to grant autonomy to what is the mainly Catholic country s only predominantly Muslim region.  Separately, army spokesman Major-General Restituto Padilla said Marawi was clear of militants who had been hiding in the ruins of the pummeled city, but unexploded munitions and booby traps had yet to be cleared.  The last firefight we had was on November 5 when we killed nine terrorists,  he told a news conference, adding all top militant leaders had been killed, although that was subject to DNA confirmation. ",1
14567,Bulgaria's parliament speaker resigns 'to avoid political upheaval',"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgaria s parliament speaker Dimitar Glavchev resigned on Friday in a move he said was to avoid political upheaval as the country prepares to take over the six-month rotating European Union presidency in January. The opposition Socialists had demanded Glavchev s resignation and said they would boycott parliament sessions until he stepped down after he banned their leader, Kornelia Ninova, from the chamber over what he called offences to deputies and members of the government on Wednesday. Glavchev, who described his resignation as  a moral act , said it was his intention to restore calm in the parliament and not cast a shadow over Bulgaria s EU presidency.  I have always said that the state and its stability are more important than anything,  said Prime Minister Boyko Borissov. Parliament voted to appoint Tsveta Karayancheva, a senior member of the ruling center-right GERB party, to replace Glavchev.   Glavchev made a mistake, but his resignation is just a preventative measure and it will not lead to a parliamentary crisis or the fall of the government,  Daniel Smilov, an analyst with Bulgaria s Centre for Liberal Strategies, told Reuters.  GERB is trying not to complicate the situation.  The center-right GERB, led by Borissov, returned to power for a third term since 2009 after a snap election in March. His coalition government has a one-seat majority but is also supported by a small populist party. ",1
14568,Pope denounces healthcare inequality in rich countries,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis condemned on Thursday inequality in healthcare, particularly in rich countries, saying governments had a duty to ensure the common good for all its citizens.  Increasingly sophisticated and costly treatments are available to ever more limited and privileged segments of the population,  Francis said in an address to a conference of European members of the World Medical Association.  This raises questions about the sustainability of healthcare delivery and about what might be called a systemic tendency toward growing inequality in healthcare,  he said. The tendency was clearly apparent when you compared healthcare cover between countries and continents, the pope said, adding that it was also visible within more wealthy countries,  where access to healthcare risks being more dependent on individuals  economic resources than on their actual need for treatment.  Francis did not mention any countries. Healthcare is a big issue in the United States, where President Donald Trump has vowed to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, introduced by his predecessor, Barack Obama, which aimed to make it easier for lower-income households to get health insurance. He said healthcare legislation needed a  broad vision and a comprehensive view of what most effectively promotes the common good in each concrete situation.  In speaking of end-of-life issues, Francis re-affirmed the Catholic Church s long-standing teaching that it is morally acceptable for a patient or a family to suspend or reject  disproportionate measures  to keep a terminally ill person alive. But he stressed that this was  different from euthanasia, which is always wrong, in that the intent of euthanasia is to end life and cause death . Regarding end-of-life decisions, the pope said governments had a duty  to protect all those involved, defending the fundamental equality whereby everyone is recognized under law as a human being living with others in society .     ",1
14569,Ireland not ready to let Brexit talks move to stage 2: minister,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland is not ready to allow talks on Britain s withdrawal from the European Union to move to the second phase next month, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Tuesday.  Yes we all want to move onto phase two of the Brexit negotiations but we are not in a place right now that allows us to do that. We have very serious issues, particularly around the (UK-Irish) border, that need more clarity,  Coveney told a news conference before a meeting with his British counterpart Boris Johnson. ",1
14570,China says it supports Cambodia in pursuing its own development path,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Friday it supports Cambodia in pursuing its own development path, after Cambodia s Supreme Court dissolved the country s main opposition party at the request of the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen ahead of elections next year.  Foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comment at a daily news briefing in Beijing. The United States has promised  concrete steps  against Cambodia and the European Union raised a threat to vital trade preferences after the ruling. ",1
14571,North Korea petitions Russia to let workers stay despite sanctions: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korea has petitioned the Russian parliament to help 3,500 migrant workers from the isolated Asian country stay in Russia despite new U.N. sanctions, the Interfax news agency reported on Friday, citing a Russian lawmaker. Tougher sanctions on North Korea, imposed by the United Nations Security Council over Pyongyang s ballistic missile and nuclear programs on Sept. 11, banned countries from providing new work permits for North Korean nationals, but allowed existing workers to remain. Most of the around 30,000-40,000 North Korean migrants legally working in Russia were hired before the new sanctions entered into force and the ban will not affect them, Interfax said, quoting an earlier statement from Maxim Topilin, Russia s labor minister.  But the ban could apply to 3,500 workers who only signed their contracts in September, the month when the U.N. Security Council, including Russia, voted for the new sanctions, Interfax reported. It cited Kazbek Taysayev, a lawmaker in the lower house of parliament and a member of a  friendship group  between the Russian and North Korean parliaments, as saying:  North Korea s embassy officially addressed us. We supported them and sent our petitions in order to let these people stay so that they can work.  Even if the workers signed their contracts after the ban took effect, they had started making arrangements and preparing the documents earlier and could be allowed to stay, said Taysayev.  The U.N. resolution said it did not apply to work permits  for which written contracts have been finalized prior to the adoption of this resolution.  North Korea s embassy in Moscow was not available for immediate comment. ",1
14572,"Suspected of graft, Indonesian parliament speaker under guard in hospital","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian anti-graft investigators have put the speaker of parliament, who they have identified as a suspect in a $170 million corruption case, under armed guard in hospital after he was involved in a car accident, his lawyer said on Friday. Officers from the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) tried to arrest Setya Novanto, the chairman of Golkar, Indonesia s second-largest party and partner in the ruling coalition, at his house in Jakarta late on Wednesday. But the investigators, watched by television cameras, failed to find him, sparking speculation that he had gone into hiding. The KPK is investigating state losses amounting to about $170 million linked to a national electronic identity card scheme after allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - generated by marking up procurement costs - were divided up among politicians in parliament. Novanto was named a suspect in the case again last week after he had used a controversial legal maneuver, a pre-trial motion, to get earlier charges dropped last month. He has denied wrongdoing but has repeatedly missed summonses from the KPK for questioning in recent months, saying he was ill and needed to undergo heart surgery. Late on Thursday, reports emerged that Novanto was involved in a car accident while on his way to turn himself in at KPK headquarters. Novanto s lawyer, Fredrich Yunadi, said a journalist was driving the vehicle and interviewing his client at the time of the accident.  (The driver) was looking back and looking to the side, so he wasn t concentrating on what was in front of him,  Yunadi  said. Novanto was now  very ill  with head and hand injuries, Yunadi said.  He can t even get up yet. He can t talk yet, it s just his eyes   when he opens his eyes the ceiling swirls in circles.  The lawyer said armed KPK officers were guarding Novanto and had ignored requests to leave.   Novanto was taken to a second hospital on Friday for a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan, media reported. Novanto gained a measure of international fame in September 2015 when then U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump hailed the Indonesian politician as a  great man  during a news conference.   Do they like me in Indonesia?  Trump asked after introducing Novanto to reporters at Trump Tower.   Yes, highly,  Novanto replied. Indonesian newspapers splashed pictures across their front pages of a black sport utility vehicle that Novanto was said to have been traveling in.  It was resting against an electricity pole, and appeared to have suffered only minor damage to the front fender. Febri Diansyah, a KPK spokesman, said on Thursday the crash happened shortly after the agency had asked the national police chief and Interpol to place Novanto on a wanted list.   The KPK would liaise with doctors to see if Novanto was  fit to stand trial  and would continue its investigation, Febri told Inews TV. Yunadi has said a request for another pre-trial motion had been filed on behalf of his client.  President Joko Widodo on Friday urged Novanto, a political ally, to  follow the legal process . Previously, Widodo has backed the KPK against efforts by some members of parliament to weaken the independent agency s powers.  Vice President Jusuf Kalla, who is also a Golkar member, told reporters on Thursday Novanto should be ready to face any legal process if called upon. Indonesians widely perceive parliament as one of their country s most corrupt institutions, Transparency International says. ",1
14573,"German coalition impasse can be resolved, Merkel's top aide says","BERLIN (Reuters) - The chief of staff to German Chancellor Angela Merkel said he was optimistic that the parties exploring forming a government together would reach agreement despite failing to achieve a breakthrough in overnight talks. Interviewed on ARD television on Friday, Peter Altmaier said he was confident that Merkel s conservative camp, the pro-business Free Democrats and the Greens could overcome divisions on migration and climate change policy, but declined to say how long it would take.  We negotiated the whole day yesterday, and that s not a bad sign - it shows that we take the task seriously and want to come together,  he said.  I don t want to say tomorrow or the day after, but I believe the problem is solveable.  ",1
14574,Turkey hunts 42 university staff in post-coup crackdown: source,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police have launched operations to track down 42 university staff from Istanbul s Marmara University who are alleged to have links to last year s failed coup attempt, a police source said on Friday. So far 22 people have been detained in the operation, the police source said, adding the suspects were believed to be in contact with the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating the abortive putsch in July 2016. Gulen has denied involvement and denounced in the coup. Since the failed coup, authorities have arrested around 50,000 people pending trial and some 150,000 people, including teachers, judges and soldiers, have been sacked or suspended from their jobs. The crackdown has alarmed rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies, who fear the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says the crackdown is necessary given the severity of the security threat. More than 240 people were killed in last year s coup attempt. ",1
14575,"'There's no going back,' Zimbabwe ruling party tells Mugabe","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Leaders of Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party are meeting on Friday to draft a resolution to dismiss President Robert Mugabe at the weekend and lay the ground for his impeachment next week if he refuses to stand down, a senior party source said.  There is no going back,  the source told Reuters.  If he becomes stubborn, we will arrange for him to be fired on Sunday. When that is done, it s impeachment on Tuesday.  ",1
14576,"Trump discussed free trade pact with Japan's Abe, U.S. envoy says","TOKYO (Reuters) - President Donald Trump discussed a possible free trade agreement (FTA) with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during his trip to Tokyo, the U.S. ambassador to Japan said on Friday, contradicting Japanese officials who had said such talks never took place. Japan has so far shown little interest in pursuing an FTA with the United States, preferring instead to push for a modified version of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) after Trump pulled his country from the pact. On Nov. 6, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasutoshi Nishimura told reporters Trump had not mentioned an FTA when he met Abe for talks on relations between the two countries. At a news conference in the Japanese capital on Friday, however, the U.S. envoy, William Hagerty, said,  They discussed a full range of trade options including an FTA.  Washington may push Tokyo for an FTA to help reduce what it sees as an unfair trading deficit with Japan, Hagerty added.  An FTA is one of the tools we may need to address that,  he said. Trump returned to Washington this week after his first official visit to Asia, a 12-day tour that started with a two-night stay in Japan.  ",1
14577,Bones of contention: Australia returns ancient Aboriginal remains for outback burial,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The 40,000-year-old remains of an Aboriginal man that prompted a drastic rewrite of Australian history were returned to his ancestral homeland on Friday after four decades of examination in the country s capital. The discovery of  Mungo Man  in 1974, named after the dry outback lakebed where the fully intact skeleton was found, doubled the known length of humans  presence on the continent from 20,000 to 40,000 years. But the bones  removal to Canberra for study, roughly 600 km (370 miles) east of Lake Mungo, had angered the indigenous community there.  We ve been waiting all those years to get him back and I m so glad he is back, to put him in his resting place,  said Joan Slade, an elder of the Aboriginal Ngiyampaa people at a ceremony welcoming the remains back to her ancestral country. The skeleton, along with 104 other remains, arrived in a black hearse with the black, yellow and red Aboriginal flag painted on its side. A traditional smoking ceremony, with green gum-leaves burned over a small fire, welcomed the remains back to the red soil and saltbush scrub of Lake Mungo.      This, today, is one of those catalytic moments...it makes us, the traditional owners, custodians of our culture,  said elder Michael Young.  They will be kept in a secret, safe place so that we can pass on to the next generations the legacy that these people have given us.       Though subsequent discoveries have pushed back even further the date of humans  first arrival in Australia, the finding of Mungo Man was at the time a huge advance for understanding human history.     His burial, with limbs stretched out, hands crossed across his groin and covered in an ochre drawn from some 200 km away, helped prove the ancient age of Aboriginal civilization - the world s oldest continuing culture - dating back around the time Neanderthals occupied Europe. The Australian National University, whose researchers removed the remains, issued a formal apology when it turned the remains over to the region s Aboriginal custodians in 2015.  We recognise that the removal of these ancestral remains caused ongoing grief to your communities and we apologise unreservedly,  it said.   While the research undertaken...contributed significantly to the understanding of the history of indigenous Australians, our research in the past has not always been undertaken with your full knowledge and support.     ",1
14578,"China, Russia to hold simulated anti-missile drill","BEIJING (Reuters) - The Chinese and Russian militaries will next month hold anti-missile drills in Beijing, China s Defence Ministry said on Friday, amid concern in both countries about the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea. China and Russia have both expressed opposition to the basing of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in South Korea, which Seoul and Washington say is needed to defend against the threat of North Korean missiles. China, along with Russia, has repeatedly expressed opposition to the THAAD deployment, saying it will do nothing to help ease tension with North Korea. China also fears THAAD s powerful radar system can look deep into is territory, undermining its security.  China s Defence Ministry said in a statement a computer drill would take place from Dec. 11 to Dec. 16. The aim of the exercise was to jointly practice defense against missiles and how to handle  sudden and provocative attacks on the two countries  territories by ballistic missiles and cruise missiles , the ministry said.  The drill is not aimed at any third party,  it said, without elaborating. While China and South Korea agreed last month to move beyond their year-long stand-off over THAAD, a dispute that has been devastating to South Korean businesses that rely on Chinese consumers, China has stuck to its opposition to the system. China and Russia have close military and diplomatic ties, and they have repeatedly called for a peaceful, negotiated solution to the North Korea nuclear and missile crisis. ",1
14579,"Amnesty urges independent probe into atrocities, bombings in battle for Philippines Marawi city","MANILA (Reuters) - The war in the Philippine city of Marawi saw Islamist insurgents execute civilians or use them as human shields, while military air strikes killed non-combatants and may have been used in excess, an Amnesty International report said on Friday. The investigation by the rights group on the bloody five-month battle was based on interviews with 48 witnesses from September until early November and called for an independent inquiry. The conflict in Marawi, the only predominantly Muslim city in the mainly Catholic Philippines, was the country s biggest and longest battle since World War Two. More than 1,100 people, mostly insurgents, were killed, including 166 soldiers and 47 civilians, according to the authorities. At least 350,000 people were displaced and large parts of Marawi have been decimated by air strikes.  Witnesses described at least 10 separate incidents where at least 25 people were executed by the Muslim extremists because they were Christians. Amnesty described those as war crimes.  It also said 10 hostages may have been killed in a single bombing run by the armed forces, and said an independent inquiry should include an assessment as to whether the air strikes were proportionate to the threat.   They must initiate a prompt, effective and impartial investigation into whether its bombings of civilian neighborhoods was proportional under international humanitarian law,  Tirana Hassan, Amnesty International s crisis response director, said in a statement.  The Philippine authorities must bring those responsible for torture and other violations to justice and ensure that the victims receive adequate reparations.  Major-General Restituto Padilla, armed forces spokesman, said the military was aware of the report and would respond in full later. He said troops were given strict instructions to observe and respect international humanitarian law and human rights.  We will not tolerate and condone these abuses and will act on them,  he told a regular news briefing on Friday. The 34-page report,  The Battle of Marawi: Death and destruction in the Philippines , quotes a survivor who said he was spared by rebels because he could recite the  shahada , a statement of Islamic faith, but a Christian ambulance driver was shot dead because he could not do the same.  Other survivors said hostages were executed or physically abused, forced into labor and used as human shields.  Some hostages who escaped alleged they were detained and tortured by security forces who suspected them to be militants. Amnesty said it talked to eight men, including seven Christians, who said they were badly treated by the authorities.  I was punched and kicked. They tied our hands and feet with electrical wire,  the report quoted one survivor as saying.  The military was angry because 13 of their men were killed.  Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis praised the Philippine military for ending the war without a single credible human rights abuse allegation. Amnesty noted that the military was responding to concerns about looting by soldiers but  must follow through on promises of compensation . ",1
14580,Germany to spend 10 million euros to help clear mines in Syria: media,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will spend an initial 10 million euros to help remove mines from the northern Syrian city of Raqqa, the Handelsblatt newspaper said in Friday editions. The foreign ministry is set to announce the increased funding as part of a pact with the United States on Friday, the paper added. The agreement calls for Germany to help fund Tetra Tech , a U.S. government contractor working to clear mines from Raqqa, where U.S.-backed militias last month declared victory over the Islamic State extremist group. The U.S. military continues to press Germany for additional aid in Syria, but Germany is waiting for measures on how to stabilize Syria, the newspaper said. Norbert Roettgen, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, told the paper that financial aid for rebuilding must be  combined with a reliable solution and political stability for Syria . The paper said the German contribution to the effort to de-mine Raqqa could be stepped up if the situation stabilized. ",1
14581,Turkey's Erdogan says wants Akkuyu nuclear plant foundations laid by end-November: papers,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan wants the foundations to be laid for the Akkuyu nuclear plant in southern Turkey by the end of this month, Yeni Safak and other newspapers cited him as telling reporters during a visit to Qatar. Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday Russia and Turkey plan to launch the first reactor at Akkuyu in 2023, with Russian state nuclear agency Rosatom set to begin work at the site in the near future. ",1
14582,NZ rules out resettlement of Manus refugees without Australia's support,"WELLINGTON/SYDNEY (Reuters) - New Zealand will not resettle refugees occupying a shuttered Australian-run detention in Papua New Guinea without Australia s agreement, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Friday, rejecting a suggestion to deal with PNG directly. More than 400 asylum seekers have shut themselves inside the Australian-run Manus Island Centre for the past 17 days, defying attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea (PNG) to close the camp in a standoff the United Nations describes as a  looming humanitarian crisis .      Australia has rejected New Zealand s offer to take in some of the men, but on Thursday New Zealand Immigration Minister Peter Dutton suggested it could approach PNG directly to arrange it.  But Ardern ruled that option out.  It s clearly up to Australia to take up that offer,  she said in a statement.  Australia holds all the critical information on the refugees in Manus Island so any take-up of refugees has to be organized with Australia s assistance,  she said.     The U.N. refugee agency this week urged Australia to accept New Zealand s offer. But Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday the priority was an existing refugee swap deal he negotiated with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year and that an agreement with New Zealand was  no near-term prospect at all .     Australia s  sovereign borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but has bipartisan political support in Australia. The asylum seekers on Manus island have been holed up inside the camp without power or running water since it closed on Oct. 31, saying they fear violent reprisals from the community if they move to transit centers, pending possible resettlement to the United States.  Food and medical supplies for the 421 men were running low and they were reliant on three small wells and rain water for drinking, according to people inside the camp.  Today the refugees are watching clouds to collect some rain,  Behrouz Boochani, a Kurdish journalist from Iran who has been detained on Manus island for more than four years told Reuters via text. Papua New Guinea has threatened to forcibly move the men though three deadlines have passed largely without incident. The Papua New Guinea government could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
14583,Mexican women testify over sexual torture before international panel,"SAN JOSE (Reuters) - Women who were sexually tortured by Mexican security forces over a decade ago testified Thursday before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, asking for an investigation into the case that happened in the state once run by President Enrique Pena Nieto. Several of the 11 victims told judges at the Costa-Rica based court about the abuse they suffered after they were detained following a protest in May 2006 at the town of San Salvador de Atenco, about 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Mexico City. The town is located in the State of Mexico, which rings the capital.   We ve come here to speak out. In Mexico, justice has not been done,  said Maria Cristina Sanchez, 50, who detailed how she was beaten, sexually abused and how the case languished in Mexico s criminal justice system with no resolution for years. The women, known as the  Women of Atenco , say they were thrown into a police bus, raped and tortured following a two-day protest by a group of flower sellers who had negotiated a labor agreement that allowed them to set up stalls in a nearby downtown area. The women were initially accused of illegally blocking public access, but later acquitted of the charges. Before being elected president in 2012, Pena Nieto was governor of the State of Mexico, heading the country s most populous state from in late 2005 till 2011.  The Mexican government reiterates the recognition of its international responsibility... and its sincere will to fully repair the human rights violations in this case,  said Uriel Salas, an attorney representing Mexico in the case. In the years since the abuses were committed, some police were accused of crimes, but there have been no convictions.  We deserve the recognition that we re telling the truth, that the chain of command be investigated, not only so that justice is done, but so that these events never happen again,  said Norma Jimenez, 33, at the end of her testimony. The court is expected to continue hearing testimony through Friday, while a final ruling in the case could take months. ",1
14584,Myanmar military trucks hit landmines in troubled Rakhine; one injured,"YANGON (Reuters) - One person was injured when military trucks hit landmines in Myanmar s troubled Rakhine State this week, state media said on Friday, amid ethnic tension following an army crackdown that sent hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims fleeing. More than 600,000 of the refugees have entered neighboring Bangladesh since Aug. 25 attacks by Rohingya militants sparked the army operation. Killings, arson and rape carried out by troops and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist mobs since then amount to ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya, the United Nations says. Three landmine blasts caused extensive damage to three military trucks in Rakhine s central Minbya township on Wednesday morning, the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper said. The landmines were  apparently targeting  army convoys, it added.  Later that day, another landmine exploded near the village of Vethali in central Rakhine as seven military trucks passed, injuring one pedestrian but causing no damage to the vehicles, the paper said.  It was not clear who was responsible for the attacks. Several landmine explosions were reported near the area this year.  United Nations staff and aid workers have said they fear violence in northern Rakhine could spread to new areas as  Buddhist villagers in more peaceful areas enforce a system of local apartheid that punishes people trading with minority Muslims. Many in Buddhist-majority Myanmar see Rohingya Muslims as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, although many of the Rohingya can trace family for generations. After the August attacks on police posts by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), which the government has declared a terrorist organization, security forces unleashed a brutal counteroffensive in Muslim-majority northern Rakhine. Even though Myanmar says military operations ceased on Sept. 5, hundreds of refugees have continued to cross the Naf river separating Rakhine and Bangladesh in recent weeks. Separately, Myanmar security forces have arrested 19 men suspected of involvement in the August attacks and charged them under the anti-terrorism law, the newspaper said on Friday.  ",1
14585,Glowing profile cracks door open on private life of China's Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A workaholic keen swimmer with an extensive knowledge of foreign literature   China s state news agency Xinhua on Friday cracked open the door to President Xi Jinping s private life in an unusual and glowing profile. The private lives of senior Chinese leaders have traditionally been shrouded in secrecy, and tell-all books with juicy gossip strictly off limits. But since Xi took power five years ago the government has on occasion released personal details, as it seems both to burnish his image as an approachable man of the people who will lead China to greatness, and control the narrative about who he is. Xi emerged from a twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress last month with his power ever further cemented and key allies appointed to top new positions. In a lengthy story published in Chinese and English in the early hours of Friday, Xinhua hailed Xi as the  unrivalled helmsman , a term more frequently used to refer to the founder of modern China Mao Zedong rather than any other leaders.  Wherever he works, he makes a remarkable impact,  Xinhua said. While some of the anecdotes have previously been reported by state media - like his 2014 stroll around old Beijing alleyways during one of the city s periodic smog crises - others were new. Xi personally reviews every draft of major policy documents, sentence by sentence, Xinhua said.  Sources close to him told Xinhua that all reports submitted to him, no matter how late in the evening, were returned with instructions the following morning.  But he also  takes time out of his busy schedule to swim over 1,000 meters a time , it added, without saying how often he manages to fit this in. Xi can reel off the names of foreign, especially Russian, writers, and his  extensive knowledge of literature and the arts makes him a consummate communicator in the international arena .  Xi treats everyone with sincerity, warmth, attentiveness, and forthrightness,  it said. However, underscoring China s sensitivities about more difficult parts of its recent past, the Chinese version of the profile skipped a description of the suffering inflicted on Xi s father Xi Zhongxun during the chaos of the Cultural Revolution, when Mao declared class war.  In 1962, Xi Zhongxun s 16 years of suffering from political persecution began. However, he never gave in to adversity and ultimately helped clear the names of others who were persecuted,  Xinhua said in its English profile.   When his father was wronged, Xi Jinping went through some tough times,  it added, without elaborating. Public discussion of the Cultural Revolution is generally taboo in China. ",1
14586,Zimbabwe military says engaging Mugabe on the way forward,HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s military said it was engaging President Robert Mugabe in talks on the way forward for the country and that it would advise the nation on the outcome as soon as possible. The military added in a statement broadcast on Zimbabwean television that it had made  significant progress  in its operation targeting  criminals  around Mugabe. ,1
14587,Japan health ministry to water down proposal on restaurant smoking: media,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s health ministry is likely to drastically water down a proposal restricting smoking in restaurants, media said on Friday, a move that risks Tokyo becoming one of the unhealthiest hosts of the Olympic Games hosts in years. Japan ranks at the bottom globally in anti-smoking measures, going by the types of public spaces entirely free of smoke, says the World Health Organization, which has teamed up with global Olympics officials to guarantee smoke-free Games venues. Ahead of the 2020 summer Olympics, the International Olympics Committee (IOC) is among those pressuring the Japanese capital to follow Rio de Janeiro and other recent games hosts in banning smoking in all public areas. IOC Vice President John Coats has said the body cannot force a ban beyond the venues and the Olympic Village, however.  The Health Ministry was forced this year to scale back a proposed bill for a blanket ban on public smoking in the face of opposition by pro-smoking politicians, restaurateurs and Japan Tobacco, which is one-third government owned. But even the weaker bill foundered, due to opposition from the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). In August, anti-smoking Health Minister Yasuhisa Shiozaki lost his job in a cabinet reshuffle. Now the ministry contemplates allowing smoking indoors at establishments that have a floor area of up to five times the 30 square meters (323 square feet) and adequate ventilation stipulated in the earlier bill, media said. However, a health ministry official told Reuters the new proposal was still in such an early stage of discussion that none of its content had yet been decided. Fifty years ago, around half of Japanese smoked, a figure that has shrunk to less than a fifth now. Smoking areas have been dramatically restricted, but laws vary among cities. There is still a cigarette vending machine in a Health Ministry annex. Health officials say 15,000 Japanese die every year from second-hand smoke. The new proposal is  terrible,  says anti-smoking activist Manabu Sakuta, since nearly 90 percent of food and beverage establishments in Tokyo are smaller than 150 square meters (180 sq yards). But he is pinning his hopes on Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike, who vowed in July to push for a smoking ban before the Olympics.  There s some possibility here, so we ll have to focus on that,  he said. ",1
14588,German coalition talks flounder as disagreements persist,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s efforts to forge a three-way ruling coalition dragged into the wee hours of Friday, with some participants warning that differences on climate, migration and finances could still cause the talks to collapse. The conservative leader had set Thursday as a deadline for exploratory talks about forming a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmentalist Greens - a combination untested at the national level that would allow her to govern for a fourth term as German chancellor. Merkel, 63, had told reporters on Thursday that serious differences remained and the talks could take many hours. Participants girded for a marathon session, or what German media have called the  night of the long knives.  The mood soured noticeably late on Thursday, with parties breaking off to huddle in their respective caucuses before senior negotiators resumed tough discussions on migration. Senior FDP official Alexander Lambsdorff described  serious faces  in a post on Twitter, while FDP deputy leader Wolfgang Kubicki suggested an extension of the talks might be needed. Conservative participants conceded the talks were not going well. The Greens and the Bavarian wing of the conservatives, the Christian Social Union (CSU), even accused each other of blocking an agreement.   Juergen Trittin, a Greens negotiator, used Twitter to illustrate his view of the state of the talks: a clip of reggae star Jimmy Cliff singing,  The harder they come, the harder they fall - one and all.  Failure to clinch a deal could lead to new elections - a scenario none of the negotiating parties wants, for fear the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) could make further gains after surging into parliament in the Sept. 24 national vote. Such an outcome would be seen as a so-called black swan event that could weigh heavily on the euro. Merkel tried to break the logjam, at least on climate protection, by offering to reduce coal power generating capacity by 7 gigawatts (GW), sources familiar with the talks said. That is still shy of the 10 GW cut demanded by the Greens, but above an earlier offer of 5 GW. The chancellor is under pressure from her own conservative bloc, particularly the CSU, not to compromise too much to secure a coalition deal, especially on migrants.  The CSU fears losing further ground in a 2018 state election. At stake is a conservative plan to cap the number of people Germany will accept per year on humanitarian grounds at 200,000, a limit the environmental Greens reject.  I don t know if we can resolve all the discrepancies, all the disagreements,  said Joachim Herrmann, a senior member of the CSU, sister party of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). FDP Secretary General Nicola Beer, in a Twitter posting, urged all sides to remain open to compromise:  Don t ask your counterpart for something he can t give. Otherwise you ll get nothing in the end.  Merkel is a skilled negotiator, renowned at European Union summits for building pressure on her negotiating partners and playing on their fatigue. She must leverage all these skills to secure the three-way  Jamaica  coalition, called that because the parties  colors match those of the Caribbean island country s flag.  A failure of Jamaica would be her failure,  wrote the mass-circulation daily Bild. Merkel s partners in Germany s previous  grand coalition  were the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), who have vowed to return to opposition after suffering their worst election result since 1933 in September s national vote. Alice Weidel, co-leader of the far-right AfD, criticized the would-be coalition partners for failing to reach a deal, telling daily Die Welt:  If the (conservative) Union, FDP and Greens don t reach an agreement soon, there should be new elections.  If negotiators agree to a deal after Thursday s talks, it must still pass muster with lower-ranking party officials. A key test would be a Greens conference on Nov. 25, when the party s rank and file would examine any coalition pact. ",1
14589,German coalition talks could stretch into Saturday: conservative leader,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Talks to form a three-way German ruling coalition will continue into Saturday, if needed, Peter Tauber, secretary general of Germany s conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU), said early on Friday.  We still believe that it s worth it to work at it with our full energy,  Tabuer told reporters after a marathon session of talks among the three political blocs broke up.  On the other hand, it s evident that it s difficult.  ",1
14590,Pro-business FDP says upbeat that German coalition deal possible,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Christian Lindner, head of the Germany s pro-business Free Democrats, confirmed parties seeking to forge a German coalition government would continue discussions later Friday, and said he was optimistic that the remaining differences could be overcome. Lindner told reporters that some progress had been made on many issues, but said there were still differences over climate and migration.  We decided that we should use the next days to overcome the remaining differences,  he said.  Such a historic project ... should not fail due to a few missing hours.  ",1
14591,German coalition talks delayed until Friday: sources,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Talks about forming a new three-way German ruling coalition have been delayed until noon on Friday amid continuing differences over climate, migration and finances, sources familiar with the discussions said. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the environmentalist Greens decided to halt the talks for several hours after failing to make progress during what was to have been the final evening of the talks. The mood had soured noticeably late on Thursday, with parties breaking off to huddle in their respective caucuses, and party officials trading accusations of blame.  We ll continue at noon today,  said Winfried Kretschmann, a Greens negotiator and premier of the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg. ",1
14592,China minister warns against seduction of values by Western nations,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Western countries are trying to push their culture and political values onto others, seducing them into abandoning their own, China s propaganda chief warned on Friday, saying the country must follow its own path. Chinese President Xi Jinping has overseen a sweeping crackdown against civil society since assuming office five years ago, tightening control over society, media and the internet. Xi has pledged to promote what the ruling Communist Party refers to as core socialist values, which stress patriotism, Chinese traditional culture, rule of law, harmony and prosperity among others. Huang Kunming, who was appointed to the post following last month s key party congress at which Xi further cemented his grip on power, wrote in the official People s Daily that there was an intensifying  surge and collision  in the world between different values.  There are especially some Western countries who use their technological advantages and dominance of discourse that they have accumulated over a long period to peddle so-called  universal values ,  he wrote. Such countries, which Huang did not name,  are trying to seduce people into  beautifying the West  and  being compliant with the West,  weakening or even abandoning their identification with their own spiritual culture,  he added. China s special cultural traditions, unique historical destiny and national situation mean it has to protect its own values rooted in its culture, Huang said. Only by promoting core socialist values can the Chinese people stand tall in the  forest of the world s people , he added. China has long railed against those it says try to impose Western concepts on the country, such as competitive multi-party democracy or the separation of powers, and the Communist Party brooks no challenge to its power. On the eve of the party congress, state news agency Xinhua attacked Western democracy as divisive and confrontational. China s constitution enshrines the party s long-term  leading  role in government, though it allows the existence of various other political parties under what is called a  multi-party cooperation system . But all are subservient to the Communist Party. Activists who call for pluralism are regularly jailed and criticism of China s authoritarian system silenced. ",1
14593,U.S. says it will take steps after Cambodia's dissolves opposition party,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States expressed  grave concern  on Thursday about the Cambodian government s decision to dissolve the main opposition party and said Washington will take  concrete steps  in response, according to a White House statement. As a first step, the White House said, the United States will end its support for the Cambodian National Election Committee and its administration of the 2018 national election. ",1
14594,U.S. wants 'new era' in Zimbabwe: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is seeking  a new era  for Zimbabwe, the State Department s top official for Africa said on Thursday, implicitly calling on long-time President Robert Mugabe to step aside as a political crisis mounts. In an interview with Reuters, acting Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Donald Yamamoto appeared to dismiss the idea of Mugabe, who has ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years, remaining in a transitional or ceremonial role.   It s a transition to a new era for Zimbabwe, that s really what we re hoping for,  Yamamoto said. Zimbabwe s army seized power this week, in an apparent effort to prevent Mugabe, 93, from handing power to his wife. He has not resigned or been formally deposed, however, and he was pictured on Thursday shaking hands with the military chief, Constantino Chiwenga. Yamamoto, speaking on the sidelines of a meeting with African Union officials at the State Department in Washington, described the situation in Zimbabwe as  very fluid.  The United States would discuss lifting multiple U.S. sanctions on Zimbabwe if it began enacting political and economic reforms, he said. In a message for Zimbabwe s political leaders, he said:  Our position has always been that if they engage in the constitutional reforms, economic and political reforms, and move forward to protecting political space and the human rights, then we can start the dialogue on lifting sanctions.  The United States has not given aid to Zimbabwe s government for many years, but provides development aid to nongovernmental groups, particularly for healthcare.  Now whether we give to the government, that depends on what happens in Zimbabwe,  Yamamoto said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to meet on Friday in Washington with 37 African foreign ministers.   ",1
14595,Mexico enacts law to help find thousands missing in gang violence,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico on Thursday undertook to focus more resources on the search for missing people, the number of which has grown dramatically in recent years as gang violence has claimed tens of thousands of lives. President Enrique Pena Nieto signed into law the creation of a national commission dedicated to finding people who have disappeared that in its first stage will add some 469 million pesos ($25 million) to better fund search efforts, officials said. Over the past 50 years, more than 32,000 Mexicans have been reported missing, according to government data. More than half of the disappearances have been during Pena Nieto s six-year term, which began at the end of 2012.  The disappearance of people is one of the greatest challenges facing our human rights ... and one of the most painful experiences anyone can suffer,  Pena Nieto said during the signing ceremony. The law, which also creates new forensic databases and rules on the exhumation of cadavers, goes into force in about 60 days. Raging gangland violence in Mexico has claimed well over 100,000 lives over the past decade. Authorities are often unable to identify bodies found in mass graves, many of which are located in remote areas. ",1
14596,Images suggest North Korea 'aggressive' work on ballistic missile submarine: institute,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Satellite images taken this month of a North Korean naval shipyard indicate Pyongyang is pursuing an  aggressive schedule  to build its first operational ballistic missile submarine, a U.S. institute reported on Thursday. Washington-based 38 North, a North Korea monitoring project,  cited images taken on Nov. 5 showing activity at North Korea s Sinpo South Shipyard.  The presence of what appear to be sections of a submarine s pressure hull in the yards suggests construction of a new submarine, possibly the SINPO-C ballistic missile submarine - the follow-on to the current SINPO-class experimental ballistic missile submarine,  38 North said in a report. The report said that throughout 2017 there had been continued movement of parts and components into and out of two parts yards adjacent to the constructions halls in the center of the shipyard. It said the Nov. 5 images showed two large circular objects that could be sections of a submarine s pressure hull. It said these appeared larger than those for North Korea s ROMEO-class attack submarine. Images of a test stand indicated continued testing of a  mechanism for ejection launch of missiles from a submarine. However, the report said no activity could be seen suggesting  preparations for a new test of a submarine-launched missile. North Korea has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States, sparking a major international crisis in which U.S. President Donald Trump has said that all options are under consideration, including military ones. North Korea is also thought to be working on a solid-fuel missile for submarine launches. Last month, The Diplomat magazine quoted a U.S. government source as saying U.S. military intelligence had detected a new diesel-electric submarine under construction at Sinpo and  dubbed it the Sinpo-C. It said the submarine was likely a larger successor to North Korea s single experimental ballistic missile submarine. North Korea has conducted dozens of missile tests this year and its largest and biggest nuclear test on Sept. 3. The past two months have seen a relative lull and it has not tested a missile since firing one over Japan on Sept. 15. Another article in The Diplomat last month quoted a U.S. government source as saying that North Korea had tested a new solid fuel engine sometime between Oct. 15 and Oct. 21. U.S. intelligence officials have declined to comment on this. ",1
14597,Saudi crackdown will not hit investments: energy minister Falih,"BONN, Germany (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s corruption investigations are linked to a just few individuals and will not hinder investments in the kingdom, its energy minister said on Thursday. Khalid al Falih said the crackdown was way overdue and would also not have any impact on plans to float shares in oil giant Saudi Aramco.   Everybody understands that this is a limited, domestic affair that the government is simply cleaning house,  he said on the sidelines of the U.N. climate conference in Bonn, Germany. Saudi Arabia s future king has tightened his grip on power through an anti-corruption purge by arresting royals, ministers and investors including billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal who is one of the kingdom s most prominent businessmen. The move by Prince Mohammed bin Salman against Saudi s political and business elite also targeted the head of the National Guard, Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who was detained and replaced as minister of the powerful National Guard by Prince Khaled bin Ayyaf. The energy minister said many foreign investors who had been have been doing business in Saudi Arabia for decades  will tell you that they have not seen corruption in their interactions with the Saudi government or with the Saudi entities .  It (the crackdown) has no impact on foreign direct investment. It has no impact whatsoever on the kingdom s openness, capital flows and our wide open investment environment,  he added. Saudi Arabia s plan to float around 5 percent of Aramco in an initial public offering (IPO) is a centerpiece of Vision 2030, a wide-ranging reform plan to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil. Falih said a decision is yet to be made on where the listing would be made.  On the upcoming meeting of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries in Vienna at the end of the month to decide the fate of a global oil production cut, Falih said an extension beyond the March 2018 expiry was needed to rebalance the oil market. OPEC and ten other oil producers led by Russia agreed last year to curb production by some 1.8 million barrels per day to get rid of an oversupply in the market.  ",1
14598,China's Xi offers support for Saudi amid regional uncertainty,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China supports Saudi Arabia s efforts to safeguard national sovereignty and achieve greater development, President Xi Jinping told Saudi Arabia s King Salman, at a time of regional tensions between Saudi Arabia, Iran, Lebanon and Yemen. China has traditionally played little role in Middle East conflicts or diplomacy, despite its reliance on the region for oil. But it has been trying to raise its profile, with Salman visiting China in March. Speaking by telephone, Xi told Salman that China s determination to deepen strategic cooperation with Saudi Arabia will not waver, no matter how the international and regional situation changes, China s Foreign Ministry said late on Thursday. Remarking on the importance of maintaining close communication between the two countries  heads of state, Xi said    China and Saudi Arabia are comprehensive strategic partners whose strategic mutual trust is deepening.  China supports Saudi Arabia s efforts to safeguard national sovereignty and realize greater development,  the ministry cited Xi as saying, without elaborating. The statement made no specific mention of issues like the resignation as Lebanon Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri while in Saudi Arabia, railing against Riyadh s bitter foe Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah. Saudi-led forces, which back the government in Yemen, have also been targeting the Iran-allied Houthis in a more than two-year war there. China has had to tread a fine line between Riyadh and Tehran as Beijing has close ties with Iran as well. The ministry statement said Xi and Salman also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern, but gave no details. ",1
14599,Factbox: Where Chile's top presidential candidates stand on reforms,"(Reuters) - Conservative frontrunner Sebastian Pinera and center-left Alejandro Guillier lead a crowded field of candidates in Chile s presidential election on Sunday, widely seen as a referendum on the reforms of outgoing President Michelle Bachelet. The following are the main policies supported by Pinera and Guillier: - A billionaire businessman who served as president from 2010 to 2014, Pinera has promised to make Chile the first country in Latin America to achieve  developed nation  status in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a Paris-based club of wealthy nations. - Pinera, the market favorite, would cut corporate taxes to increase investments and said his policies would double economic growth in his term. - Pinera s $14 billion, four-year spending plan includes an overhaul of Bachelet s tax reform that would cost $2.7 billion in new investments in infrastructure and hospitals. Pinera said he would pay for his proposals by cutting  unnecessary  government spending and simplifying the tax code. - Pinera s $3 billion plan to revitalize Chile s pension system, which is criticized as delivering small payouts, includes new subsidies to raise pensions for women and the middle class, as well as incentives to encourage workers to retire later. - To help revive cash-strapped state miner Codelco, the world s No. 1 copper producer, Pinera has committed to overturn a dictatorship-era law that transfers 10 percent of the company s export sales to the military. He also wants Codelco to deploy a  realistic investment plan using existing resources  and to focus on existing assets rather than new projects. - Guillier, a former journalist elected to the Senate in 2013, has pledged to diversify Chile s economy away from the dominant copper industry. He wants to add value to commodities exports by processing more copper at home and give communities outside Santiago a stronger say in decision-making. - Following the lead of ally Bachelet, Guillier has called for rewriting Chile s constitution to formally recognize indigenous communities and to codify the rights of workers to collective bargaining and to strike.  - To boost payouts from the pension system, Guillier has proposed raising fiscal spending on pensions and introducing a new, mandatory contribution from employers. Guillier would also increase regulation and oversight of private pension fund administrators. - Like Pinera, Guillier has called for the repeal of Codelco s mandatory contribution to the military, but wants the state-run miner to stay active abroad to ensure it remains the world s top copper producer. He has also signaled he would seek to maintain Codelco s relations with workers that has spared the company the strikes that have hit private miners under Bachelet. ",1
14600,Egypt says captured fighter involved in deadly desert attack is Libyan,"CAIRO (Reuters) - A foreign fighter captured during a raid on Islamist militants blamed by Egypt for a deadly attack in its western desert last month is a Libyan national, the Egyptian interior ministry said on Thursday.  The captured fighter, Abdelrahim Mohamed al-Mesmari, 25, is from the eastern Libyan town of Derna, an interior ministry statement said.  A little-known group called Ansar al-Islam claimed responsibility for the Oct. 21 attack. Three security sources said at the time that at least 52 police officers and conscripts were killed but the interior ministry refuted that figure the next day and said only 16 policemen had been killed. The new militant group risks opening up another front for security forces far beyond the remote northern Sinai, where they have battled an Islamic State insurgency since 2014. The Egyptian air force killed the 15 militants responsible for the deadly attack and later arrested 29 others for adopting the same ideology, the statement said.  The militants were being trained in Derna, it added.  ",1
14601,"Russia casts 10th U.N. veto on Syria action, blocking inquiry renewal","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia on Thursday cast its 10th veto of United Nations Security Council action on Syria since the war began in 2011, blocking a U.S.-drafted resolution to renew an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria. The mandate for the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which found the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack, expires on Friday. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Russia, Britain or China to be adopted. The U.S. draft text received 11 votes in favor, while Russia and Bolivia voted against it and China and Egypt abstained. The vote sparked a war of words between Russia and the United States in the council, just hours after White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump believed he could work with Russian President Vladimir Putin on issues like Syria. The April 4 sarin attack on Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley warned after the council vote on Thursday:  We will do it again if we must.  Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said the U.S. draft resolution was not balanced.  We need a robust, professional mechanism that will help to prevent the proliferation of the threat of chemical terrorism in the region and you need a puppet-like structure to manipulate public opinion,  Nebenzia said. Syrian ally Russia withdrew its own rival draft resolution to renew the inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), after unsuccessfully pushing for its proposal to be considered second and not first, as council rules required. However, following the vote on the U.S. draft, Bolivia then requested a vote on the Russian text. It failed, receiving only four votes in favor, seven against and four abstentions. Nebenzia said he was  deeply disappointed  and that those who voted against the Russian draft  bear the full brunt of responsibility for the cessation of operation of the JIM.   After the meeting ended Japan circulated a draft resolution to roll over the mandate for the inquiry for one month, diplomats said. It was not immediately clear when the council could vote. Ahead of the council votes on Thursday, Trump urged the Security Council in a Twitter post to renew the inquiry, saying it was needed to prevent Assad from using chemical weapons. While Russia agreed to the 2015 creation of the JIM, it has consistently questioned its findings, which also concluded that the Syrian government used chlorine as a weapon several times. Russia has now vetoed 10 resolutions on Syria, including blocking an initial U.S. bid on Oct. 24 to renew the JIM, saying it wanted to wait for the release two days later of the inquiry s report that said the Syrian government used sarin.  Russia has killed the Joint Investigative Mechanism,  Haley said.  In effect Russia accepts the use of chemical weapons in Syria. How then can we trust Russia s support for supposed peace in Syria?  Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States.  We condemn the use of chemical weapons by anyone,  Nebenzia said. ",1
14602,U.S. says Sudan commits to severing North Korea ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sudan committed on Thursday to severing all trade and military ties with North Korea, the U.S. State Department said, as Washington seeks to isolate Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs.  The United States welcomes the Government of Sudan s pledge and will continue engagement on this issue to ensure that this commitment is fully implemented,  the State Department said in a statement, adding that the Sudanese foreign ministry made the announcement following meetings with a visiting U.S. diplomat in Khartoum. ",1
14603,Bullets and burns: Portraits of injured Rohingya refugees,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The two Rohingya Muslim brothers, six-year-old Mohamed Heron and four-year-old Akhter, held each other as they showed burns on their arms and torsos that their uncle says resulted from Myanmar s armed forces firing rockets at their village. Two of their siblings, one seven years old and the other a 10-month-old infant, died in the attack, according to their uncle, Mohamed Inus. Their father was held by the military and has not been heard of since.   These two children survived when our village was fired on with rockets,  Inus told Reuters at Kutupalong refugee camp, near Cox s Bazar in Bangladesh. They were among a number of Rohingya who showed their wounds to a Reuters photographer who visited Kutupalong and the nearby camps at Balukhali, Leda and Nayapara. (Click reut.rs/2hBZZoK to view the photo essay) Fleeing along with other villagers who abandoned their scorched homes, the boys reached Bangladesh after a three-day trek. At Kutupalong, they were treated for three weeks for their burns at a M decins Sans Fronti res (MSF) clinic. Since the ethnic violence erupted in late August, thousands of Rohingya have crossed the border each week, often travelling for days and even weeks, trekking through forests and over mountains, with many making a hazardous river or sea crossing on the last leg of their flight to fellow-Muslim Bangladesh. Bangladeshi hospitals and international aid agencies are struggling to provide medical care for all the refugees, many of whom have suffered horrific injuries and psychological trauma. Since the crisis began, Chittagong Medical College Hospital has received 261 casualties suffering wounds from gunshots or explosions, according to its director, Brigadier General Jalal Uddin.  Sixteen have died from their wounds and some have been crippled.  We have had to amputate the limbs of some patients,  Jalal Uddin said. Sadar Hospital in Cox s Bazar had treated 1,467 Rohingya since the exodus began for injuries including bullet wounds, broken bones, and cuts inflicted by knives or machetes, residential medical officer Shaheen Abdur Rahman Chowdhury said.  More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Myanmar s military launched what it described as  clearance operations  following a series of attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts in Rakhine state in late August. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. The U.N. rights agency said it was  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Myanmar, an overwhelmingly Buddhist nation, rejects the charge, saying its forces targeted insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, whom it has accused of setting fires and attacking civilians.   At the camps in Bangladesh, other Rohingya victims of the violence recounted the horrors they had lived through.   Anwara Begum, 36, said she woke to find her home in Maungdaw township, in the northernmost part of Rakhine state, in flames. Before she could get out the burning roof caved in on her and her nylon clothes melted onto her arms. Her husband carried her for eight days to reach the Kutupalong camp in Bangladesh.   I thought I was going to die. I tried to stay alive for my children,  she said, adding she was still waiting for treatment for her burns.  His right arm swathed in bandages from the knuckles of his hand to well above the elbow, Imam Hossain, 42, lay exhausted on the roadside near the Kutupalong camp. He was returning home after teaching at a madrassa in his village when three men attacked him with knives.   The next day, he made his wife and two children leave with other villagers fleeing to Bangladesh. He reached Cox s Bazar later. He was still searching for his family.  I want to ask the Myanmar government why they are harming the Rohingya,  he said.  Why do Buddhists hate us? Why do you torture us? What is wrong with us?   Suffering burns to his limbs and torso, Mohamed Jabair, 21, had feared that he had also lost his sight in an explosion that ripped through his village home.    Knocked unconscious and badly burned, Jabair was carried by his brother and others for four days to Cox s Bazar.    I was blind for many weeks and admitted to a government hospital in Cox s Bazar for 23 days. I was frightened that I would be blind forever,  he said.   Jabair said money sent by relatives in Malaysia had run out and he could no longer afford treatment.    Bowing to show deep cuts arcing across his scalp, 17-year-old Nur Kamal described how soldiers assaulted him after they found the young shopkeeper hiding in his home in Kan Hpu village in Maungdaw.    They hit me with a rifle butt on my head first and then with a knife,  Kamal said.    His uncle found him unconscious in a pool of blood. It took them two weeks to get to Bangladesh.    We want justice,  Kamal said.  We want the international community to help us obtain justice.     Her husband, daughter and one son were killed when soldiers fired on Kalabarow s village in Maungdaw. The 50-year-old woman was hit in her right foot. For several hours, she lay where she fell, pretending to be dead, before a grandson found her. During their 11-day journey to Bangladesh, a village doctor amputated her infected foot and four men carried her on a stretcher made of bamboo and a bedsheet.   As we walked through the forest, we saw burnt villages and dead bodies. I thought we would never be safe,  she said.   Abdur Rahaman, a 73-year-old merchant from Maungdaw, was ambushed while walking on a mountain path with other refugees.  A machete thrown at his feet severed three toes as he ran from his attackers. With his foot bleeding through a tourniquet made from his longyi, or sarong, Rahaman walked for two more hours, before his nephew and friends carried him across the border.  Our future is not good,  he said.  Allah must help us. The international community has to do something.    Curled up in a ball, 11-year-old Ansar Allah shows a large, livid scar on his right thigh - the result of a gunshot wound.   They sprayed us with bullets, as our house was burning,  his mother Samara said.  It was a bullet half the size of my index finger,  she said, before adding,  I can t stop thinking, why did God put us in that dangerous situation?    Setara Begum, 12, was among nine siblings in their home in Maungdaw when it was hit by a rocket.    I saved eight of my nine children from the burning house, but Setara was trapped inside,  said her mother, Arafa.    I could see her crying in the middle of the fire, but it was difficult to save her. By the time we could reach her, she was badly burned,  Arafa said.   Setara s father carried her for two days to Bangladesh.    The young girl received no treatment for the severe burns to her feet. Her feet healed. But she has no toes. The trauma has scarred her psychologically.    She has been mute from that day, and doesn t speak to anyone,  her mother said.  She only cries silently.  Her face heavily bandaged, Momtaz Begum told how soldiers came to her village demanding valuables.    I told them I was poor and had nothing. One of them started beating me saying,  If you have no money, then we will kill you .    After beating her, they locked her in her home and set fire to the roof. She escaped to find her three sons dead and her daughter beaten and bleeding.   Momtaz fled to Bangladesh, where she spent 20 days at the MSF clinic being treated for burns to her face and body.    What can I say about the future, if now we have no food, no house, no family. We cannot think about the future. They have killed that as well.  ",1
14604,Sudan's Bashir says would support state governor in 2020 president vote,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir said on Thursday he would support the governor of the country s Gezira state in 2020 presidential elections if Mohamed Tahir Ayala decided to stand.  Bashir, who came to power in a 1989 bloodless coup and is wanted by the International Criminal Court to face charges of war crimes in Darfur, has said he plans to stand down in 2020.  If Ayala runs for president in 2020, I will support him,  Bashir said in a speech broadcast on state television.     Ayala, the head of the Gezira branch of the ruling National Congress Party, later on Thursday commented on Bashir s support, saying he would back the Sudanese president if he ran for a third term in office.   The demand of the Gezira people and my demand is for 2020 to be the year where Bashir is elected for a third term in office. That s the demand of all of the Sudanese people,  Ayala said at a public gathering the president attended.  ",1
14605,China says 'dual suspension' proposal still best for North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday a  dual suspension  proposal to handle North Korea was still the best option, after U.S. President Donald Trump said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping had rejected a  freeze for freeze  agreement. North Korea s rapid progress in developing nuclear weapons and missiles has fueled a surge in regional tensions as United Nations-led sanctions appear to have failed to bite deeply enough to change its behavior. China and Russia have proposed that the United States and South Korea stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. Beijing formally calls the idea the  dual suspension  proposal. Speaking upon his return from Asia on Wednesday, Trump said he and Xi had agreed that they would not accept a  freeze for freeze  idea, which China s foreign minister announced in March. Asked how China understood Trump s remarks and whether he agreed with the characterization of what Trump said he agreed to with Xi, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said only through talks that addressed all sides  legitimate security concerns could there be a peaceful resolution.  We believe that the  dual suspension  proposal is the most feasible, fair and sensible plan in the present situation,  Geng told a daily news briefing.  Not only can it relieve the present tense situation, it can also resolve all parties most pressing security concerns, and provide an opportunity and create conditions to resume talks, and find a breakthrough point to get out of trouble,  he added.  The  dual suspension  is just a first step and not the end point, Geng added.  We hope that all sides can conscientiously treat and proactively consider China s proposal, and at the same time we welcome relevant parties to put forward proposals that can benefit the promotion of a peaceful resolution for the peninsula nuclear issue.  Asked at a regular briefing if Trump stood by his remarks as to what he had agreed with Xi, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders on Thursday replied:  Both sides made their positions clear. They are different, but we agreed that there are going to be different positions and therefore it s not going to move forward.  North Korea has said it needs to develop its weapons to protect itself from what it sees as U.S. military aggression. It also sees U.S.-South Korean military exercises as joint preparations for invasion. South Korea and the United States, which has about 28,000 troops based in South Korea, say their exercises are  defensive in nature.  ",1
14606,Davis says no Brexit deal 'incredibly unlikely',"BERLIN (Reuters) - It is  incredibly unlikely  that Britain will not be able to negotiate a deal with the European Union on its departure from the bloc, Brexit Secretary David Davis said on Thursday. Davis told a business conference in Berlin he hoped the European Commission would be able by Christmas to proceed to the next stage of Brexit negotiations - on future ties between Britain and the EU. Davis added that he expected Prime Minister Theresa May to remain in office for the duration of the Brexit negotiations  and beyond.  ",1
14607,U.S. judge declines to say whether Turkish trader Zarrab will face trial,"NEW YORK/ANKARA (Reuters) - The U.S. judge presiding over the trial of a Turkish gold trader accused of evading U.S. sanctions against Iran on Thursday refused to say if the wealthy businessman would be on trial with one of his co-defendants later this month. U.S. prosecutors have charged the trader, Reza Zarrab, and his alleged co-conspirators of handling hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Nine people have been criminally charged, but only Zarrab and a banker from Turkey s Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, are in U.S. custody. Both deny the charges. The case has complicated relations between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. While the two are due to go on trial on Nov.27, Zarrab has not appeared in court or submitted any filings since September, sparking speculation in Turkish media that he has reached an agreement with U.S. authorities. U.S. District Judge Richard Berman refused to say whether Zarrab would be on trial alongside Atilla when asked by Victor Rocco, one of Atilla s lawyers, at a court hearing on Thursday.  The one perk that comes with being a judge is you don t have to answer questions as witnesses and lawyers do,  Berman said. Rocco told reporters after the hearing that he expected to know more about Zarrab in the next few days. U.S. prosecutors have alleged that Zarrab, a dual Turkish and Iranian citizen, sought support from and invoked the name of Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan to advance his business. Erdogan has not been accused of wrongdoing. The president  has accused U.S. prosecutors of having  ulterior motives  by including references to him and his wife in court papers. U.S. authorities informed Turkey that Zarrab had been moved to a different location and was in good medical condition, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said earlier on Thursday.  They responded after Turkey sent two diplomatic notes to ask about Zarrab s condition after the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons website showed Zarrab had been released last week and his lawyers said they had not heard from their client in five days. ",1
14608,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe, coup chief meet with smiles and handshakes","HARARE (Reuters) - A smiling President Robert Mugabe was pictured shaking hands with Zimbabwe s military chief a day after the army seized power, throwing confusion over predictions that the 93-year-old s nearly four-decade rule had come to an end. Mugabe unexpectedly drove from his lavish  Blue Roof  Harare compound in Harare, where he had been confined since troops took to the streets, to State House, where official media pictured him meeting military chief Constantino Chiwenga and South African ministers sent to mediate the crisis. The official Herald newspaper carried no reports of the outcome of the meeting, leaving Zimbabwe s 13 million people in the dark as to what was happening as night fell on Thursday. Mugabe is insisting he remains Zimbabwe s only legitimate ruler and is refusing to quit, but pressure was mounting on the former guerrilla to accept offers of a graceful exit, sources said on Thursday. Earlier, a political source who spoke to senior allies holed up in the compound with Mugabe and his wife Grace said he had no plans to resign voluntarily ahead of elections due next year.  It s a sort of stand-off, a stalemate,  the source said.  They are insisting the president must finish his term.  The army s takeover signaled the collapse in less than 36 hours of the security, intelligence and patronage networks that sustained Mugabe through 37 years in power and built him into the  Grand Old Man  of African politics. A priest mediating between Mugabe and the generals, who seized power on Wednesday in what they called a targeted operation against  criminals  in Mugabe s entourage, has made little headway, a senior political source told Reuters. Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai called for Mugabe s departure  in the interest of the people . In a statement read to reporters, Tsvangirai pointedly referred to him as  Mr Robert Mugabe , not president. The army may want Mugabe, who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980, to go quietly and allow a smooth and bloodless transition to Emmerson Mnangagwa, the vice president Mugabe sacked last week triggering the political crisis. The main goal of the generals is to prevent Mugabe from handing power to his wife Grace, 41 years his junior, who has built a following among the ruling party s youth wing and appeared on the cusp of power after Mnangagwa was pushed out. The last of Africa s state founders still in power from the era of the struggle against European colonization, Mugabe is still seen by many Africans as a liberation hero. But he is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power pauperized one of Africa s most promising states. Once a regional bread-basket, Zimbabwe saw its economy collapse in the wake of the seizure of white-owned farms in the early 2000s, followed by runaway money-printing that catapulted inflation to 500 billion percent in 2008. Millions of Zimbabweans, from highly skilled bankers to semi-literate farmers, emigrated, mostly to neighboring South Africa, where an estimated 3 million still live. After briefly stabilizing under a 2009-2013 power-sharing government, when Mugabe was forced to work with the opposition, the economy has once again cratered, with dollars scarce, inflation surging, imports running out and queues outside banks. A fighter, both literally and figuratively during a political career that included several assassination attempts, Mugabe may now have reached the end of the road. With the army camped on his front door and the police - once seen as a bastion of support - showing no signs of resistance, force is not an option. Similarly, he has little popular backing in Harare, where he is widely loathed, and his influence in the ruling ZANU-PF party is evaporating. ZANU-PF youth leader Kudzai Chipanga, a vocal Mugabe supporter, publicly apologized for opposing the army after being marched by soldiers into the state television headquarters to read out a statement, sources at the broadcaster said. He was then taken back to the army s main KGVI (pronounced KG Six) barracks in Harare, where Finance Minister Ignatius Chombo is also being held, an army source said. Video footage obtained by Reuters from the houses of two key allies of Grace Mugabe - cabinet ministers Jonathan Moyo and Saviour Kasukuwere - indicated that the army was also prepared to use force if necessary. Moyo s front door was blown open with explosives, scattering glass across the entrance hall, while the inside walls of Kasukuwere s house were pocked with bullet holes. The pair managed to escape on the evening of the coup and make it to Mugabe s compound, where they remain under effective house arrest, one political source said. Zimbabwean intelligence reports seen by Reuters suggest Mugabe s exit was in the planning for more than a year. Mnangagwa, a former security chief and life-long Mugabe confidant known as  The Crocodile , is the key player. According to the files and political sources in Zimbabwe and South Africa, once Mugabe s resignation is secured Mnangagwa would take over as president of an interim unity government that will seek to stabilize the imploding economy. Fuelling speculation that this plan might be rolling into action, 65-year-old Tsvangirai, who has been receiving cancer treatment in Britain and South Africa, returned to Harare late on Wednesday. Ex-finance minister Tendai Biti added to that speculation, telling Reuters he would be happy to work in a post-coup administration as long as Tsvangirai was also on board.  If Morgan says he s in, I m in,  said Biti, who earned international respect during his time as finance minister in the 2009-13 government.  The country needs a solid pair of hands so one might not have a choice.  South Africa said Mugabe had told President Jacob Zuma by telephone on Wednesday that he was confined to his home but was otherwise fine. The military said it was keeping him and his family, including Grace, safe. Despite admiration for Mugabe among older African leaders, there is little public affection for 52-year-old Grace, an ex-government typist who began an affair with Mugabe in the early 1990s while his first wife Sally was dying of kidney failure. Dubbed  DisGrace  or  Gucci Grace  on account of her reputed love of shopping, she enjoyed a meteoric rise through the ranks of ZANU-PF in the last two years, culminating in Mnangagwa s removal. Zimbabweans, including the Mnangagwa camp and the military, interpreted the vice president s ouster as a move to clear the way for her to succeed her husband. In contrast to the high political drama unfolding behind closed doors, the streets of the capital remained calm, with people going about their daily business, albeit under the watch of soldiers on armored vehicles at strategic locations. ",1
14609,Russia casts 10th U.N. veto on U.N. action on Syria,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia cast its 10th veto on Thursday of United Nations Security Council action on Syria since the war began in 2011, blocking a U.S.-drafted resolution to renew an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria.  The mandate for the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which found the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack, expires at midnight Thursday. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Russia, Britain or China to be adopted. Russia withdrew its rival draft resolution to renew the inquiry shortly before the council vote on the U.S. draft.  ",1
14610,Lebanon's Hariri to fly to Paris within 48 hours: source close to Hariri,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri is expected to leave Saudi Arabia for France within 48 hours, before flying home to Beirut to officially submit his resignation as Lebanese prime minister, a source close to Hariri told Reuters on Thursday. Hariri announced his resignation in a televised broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, and has not yet returned to Lebanon. He said on Wednesday he would return soon. Lebanese President Michel Aoun tweeted on Thursday that he hoped the country s political crisis was over following Hariri s acceptance of the French invitation.  I await the return of PM Hariri to Beirut so we can decide on the situation of the government - if he wants to resign or rescind his resignation,  Aoun said, according to presidential sources. Aoun has previously said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Beirut to tender it and explain his reasons. The resignation of Hariri pushed Lebanon to the center of an intensifying regional rivalry between Shi ite Muslim Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia. Lebanese presidential sources quoted Aoun on Thursday as saying Lebanon remained committed to its policy of  disassociation, especially among Arab states . The disassociation policy is generally known in Lebanon to mean staying out of regional conflicts. In his interview on Sunday, Hariri repeatedly called for disassociation to be respected. French President Emmanuel Macron said in a statement on Wednesday that he had invited Hariri to France after speaking to him and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The invitation is to visit for a few days and is not an offer of political exile, Macron said, speaking in Germany. Hariri is expected to go to France with his family, the source close to Hariri said. Hariri traveled to Riyadh on Nov. 3 before abruptly resigning a day later, and he has remained in the Saudi capital since then. Top Lebanese officials and senior politicians close to Hariri have told Reuters he was forced to quit. Hariri and Saudi Arabia have both denied he is being held in Riyadh or was coerced to resign. (This version of the story corrects the language of Aoun statement to include word  disassociation ) ",1
14611,Lebanese president hopes Hariri visit to France will end crisis,"BEIRUT/PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s president said on Thursday he hoped the crisis over Saad al-Hariri s resignation as prime minister would end soon, with Hariri due to leave Saudi Arabia for France this weekend. Hariri quit in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, railing against Riyadh s bitter foe Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah.  The shock resignation thrust Lebanon into both a domestic political crisis and the Middle East s overarching rivalry that pits Saudi Arabia and its allies against a bloc led by Iran. A Elysee Palace source said Hariri would fly to Paris on Saturday and meet President Emmanuel Macron the same day.  French officials said they did not know how long Hariri would stay before returning to Beirut but hoped his trip would help soothe the crisis by demonstrating he was not being held in Saudi Arabia, as Lebanon s President Michel Aoun has said.  His arrival will ease tensions by showing he s free to move around,  said a French diplomatic source.  There would be consultations before he returns to Beirut to build international support for him to negotiate a new political deal in Lebanon, French officials said.       We re not trying to find a compromise or open dialogue between sides, but trying to create the conditions for a de-escalation in the region. We want to avoid a proliferation of crises that could get out of control.  Hariri accepted an invitation to France on Thursday after meeting French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, who was visiting Saudi Arabia. Aoun, who has refused to accept Hariri s resignation unless he returns to Lebanon, has accused Riyadh of holding Hariri hostage. He said on Thursday on Twitter he hoped  the crisis is over  and the France visit would open the door to a solution. Lebanon maintains a delicate sectarian balance, after Sunnis, Shi ites, Christians and Druze fought a 1975-1990 civil war, with factions often backed by regional rivals. Hariri, a Sunni Muslim, is a long-term ally of Saudi Arabia. Aoun, a Christian, is a political ally of Hezbollah, the heavily armed Shi ite Muslim movement that is backed by Iran. Hariri s government, a power-sharing coalition formed last year, includes Hezbollah.  Since Hariri announced his resignation, Saudi Arabia has  accused Lebanon of declaring war on it, citing Hezbollah s role fighting in other Arab countries. On Thursday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said Saudi Arabia was consulting with its allies about what leverage to use against Hezbollah.  We will make the decision when the time comes,  he told Reuters in an interview. Top Lebanese officials and senior politicians close to Hariri say he was forced to quit and was being held by the Saudis. Politicians from all sides in Lebanon have called for his return to Beirut.  Saudi Arabia has denied forcing Hariri to resign or detaining him. In an interview on Sunday, his first public comments since resigning, Hariri said he is free to leave and would return home soon to formally submit his resignation. He also warned of possible Saudi action against Lebanon, including sanctions and threats to the livelihood of Lebanese workers in the Gulf, unless Hezbollah is reined in.  Aoun said in a statement that once Hariri returned to Lebanon he would have to stay until a new government was formed.  Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil has toured European capitals seeking diplomatic help to end the crisis. On Friday he is to go to Russia, after visiting Germany and Turkey on Thursday.   The issue is one of freedom ... of international conventions related to immunity,  Bassil said in Ankara after meeting with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan.  France s foreign minister, Le Drian, said Paris was working to normalize the situation in Lebanon. After meeting Le Drian, Jubeir described Hezbollah as an arm of Iran s Revolutionary Guards and said it must disarm for Lebanon to be stable.   Whenever we see a problem, we see Hezbollah act as an arm or agent of Iran and this has to come to an end,  he said. ",1
14612,Venezuela's ex-prosecutor wants Maduro tried at the Hague,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s sacked former chief prosecutor on Thursday asked the International Criminal Court to capture and try President Nicolas Maduro and other top officials for crimes against humanity over murders by police and military officers. Luisa Ortega, who broke with Maduro this year after working closely with the ruling Socialist Party for a decade, was fired in August after she opposed Maduro s plan to create an all-powerful legislature called the Constituent Assembly. She fled the country and has traveled the world denouncing alleged acts of corruption and violations of human rights. Ortega said her complaint, filed on Wednesday with the Hague-based tribunal, was prompted by some 8,290 deaths between 2015 and 2017 at the hands of officials who received instructions the government.  (They happened) under the orders of the executive branch, as part of a social cleansing plan carried out by the government,  she told reporters in the Hague. The government did not immediately respond to a request for a comment. The accusation refers to incidents of torture, extrajudicial killings and arbitrary arrest. Some of them took place during a crackdown on anti-government protests that rocked the country between April and July and left at least 125 people dead, some of them at the hands of military and police officers. The Maduro government accused Ortega of turning a blind eye to violence by opposition supporters, and has also leveled a raft of corruption charges at her. Ortega s request also makes reference to killings that took place during police raids known as  Operations to Free the People,  which have been heavily criticized by human rights groups since they began in 2015.  Nicolas Maduro and his government must pay for this,  she said. The complaint also accuses top officials such as Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino and intelligence chief Gustavo Gonzalez of involvement in the alleged abuses. Ortega s critics say she was closely allied with Maduro s efforts to crack down on dissent and, before her break with him, had helped jail opposition leaders on trumped-up charges. Maduro s government insists it respects human rights and says opposition demonstrations were Washington-backed efforts to violently overthrow him. Despite their bitter differences, Venezuela s government and opposition agreed on Wednesday to a new round of foreign-mediated talks in the Dominican Republic on Dec. 1. ",1
14613,Suicide bomber kills nine near Afghan political meeting,"KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital near a meeting of supporters of an influential regional leader on Thursday killed at least nine people and wounded many, the interior ministry said. Islamic State claimed responsibility, according to Amaq, its official news agency. The Taliban denied involvement. Atta Mohammad Noor, governor of the northern province of Balkh and a leader of the mainly ethnic Tajik Jamiat-i-Islami party, was not at the meeting at the time of the attack, members of the party said. Political tensions are rising as politicians have begun jockeying for position ahead of presidential elections expected in 2019 and thousands of civilians have been killed in attacks this year.  The bomber approached the hotel hosting the gathering on foot but was spotted by a police official, Sayed Basam Padshah, as he neared a security checkpoint, an interior ministry spokesman said. The attacker triggered his explosives vest before he could get any further, Kabul police chief Basir Mujahid told Reuters. Padshah was among the seven policemen and two civilians killed.  He saved many lives by sacrificing his life,  Mujahid said. The northern-based Jamiat-i-Islami was for years the main opponent of the Taliban, who draw their support largely from the southern-based ethnic Pashtun community. A witness to Thursday s bombing said:  We are proud to be martyred because of our country and our rights. This gathering was for the sake of our country to raise our voice.  In June, a suicide bomber attacked a meeting of Jamiat-i-Islami leaders, including Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah. Abdullah, who is supported by ethnic minority leaders including Noor who fought against the Taliban s hard-line Islamist regime in the 1990s, formed a coalition government with President Ashraf Ghani after a disputed 2014 presidential election. Ghani on Wednesday sacked the chairman of the Independent Election Commission, raising doubts over whether parliamentary and council ballots scheduled for next year will take place as planned. ",1
14614,Scotland may give Labour another chance at British power,"GLASGOW, Scotland (Reuters) - Britain s opposition Labour Party is poised for a resurgence in Glasgow, raising its hopes that a recovery from a disastrous election performance in Scotland two years ago can help its socialist leader Jeremy Corbyn win power in London. A Labour stronghold for decades until it rejected the party in 2015 in favor of the pro-independence Scottish National Party (SNP), Scotland s largest city is showing signs of returning to its political roots.  With a 41.5 percent share of the overall British vote in recent opinion polling, Corbyn sees himself positioned to form a  government if Prime Minister Theresa May s divided Conservatives falter over Britain s exit from the European Union. Winning back some of Scotland s 59 parliamentary seats is key to his plan. With this in mind, Corbyn toured target Scottish constituencies after June s national election left May s Conservatives severely weakened.  There are still many people who need to be persuaded to put their trust in the Labour Party once again,  Corbyn told a meeting in the Highlands ski-resort of Aviemore last month.  But this is the beginning of the rebirth of Scottish Labour.   Scotland, where the SNP lost seats to Labour in the west and to the Conservatives in the northeast in June, is shaping up to be a major battleground in the next British election, due in 2022. Labour winning in Glasgow, a city of one million people that backed secession from Britain in a referendum in 2014, would make the arrival of Prime Minister Corbyn more likely and  reduce the chances of Scottish independence by damaging the SNP. Labour policies, such as renationalization of the railways and more funding for public services, appeal to Scots on the left though they may scare off more conservative voters with higher taxes and controls over the free market.  Scottish Labour announces a new leader on Saturday, after a contest between trade unionist Richard Leonard, whom many see as favorite because his views align with Corbyn, and more centrist Anas Sarwar, the Glasgow-born son of the UK s first elected Asian lawmaker.  Margaret Young, a 50-year-old nurse, lives in Glasgow East, a central district which, until the 1960s, was an industrial powerhouse and is now one of Scotland s poorest areas. Once the site of massive steel-works it is home to a shopping center called  The Forge,  and around half of residents here are classed by the government as income-deprived. In June, Young switched her vote to Labour from the SNP, because she thinks Corbyn will loosen the government s purse strings. The SNP held Glasgow East by just 75 votes, down from 10,000 two years ago.  Young blames May s Conservatives in London for poor public services and the SNP for failing to mitigate spending cuts.  Austerity is definitely what is hurting us,  she told Reuters, saying it was  disgusting  that struggling families on welfare were being penalized. Of a dozen people interviewed by Reuters in East Glasgow,  10 said they would vote for Labour or consider it seriously. East Glasgow and seven other seats in the Glasgow area are among 21 Scottish constituencies held by the SNP that would need a swing of less than 5 percent for a Labour win, according to pollster Survation. At present Labour has 7 Scottish seats. With just a handful more votes in each marginal area, Scotland could make the difference between a minority and a majority Labour government in Britain s 650-seat House of Commons. As most of Scotland s budget is controlled by the government in London, Young believes only Corbyn can bring real change. Scots like Young now seem to blame the SNP, in power in the devolved Scottish parliament for a decade, rather than the UK government in London for not sending enough money to Scotland.  Glasgow, an industrial center on Britain s northwestern coast, was a hub of left-wing radicalism and a lynchpin of Labour s political success nationwide for nearly a century. Under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, the party took a centrist direction and Labour started to fall out of favor in the north. Labour was spurned by Scottish voters when it campaigned with the rival Conservatives to defend the 300-year-old union of England and Scotland in the 2014 referendum. Scots rejected independence, but in a British election eight months later, Labour lost all but one of its 41 seats in Scotland.  A lot of people who voted  Yes  during the referendum did so because they wanted a sense of change,  said Kate Watson, the Labour candidate in Glasgow East.  Jeremy s given us permission to be heard again.   Corbyn avoids mention of Blair and Brown and namechecks Labour s first leader Keir Hardie as a mentor, appealing to old party values which play well here. Rebecca Hynam, 30, is a primary school teacher who says politicians would be  shocked  by shortages of staff and materials in schools. She backs Corbyn.  In maths, we don t have enough calculators for my class.   Glaswegians interviewed seemed to overlook the weaknesses of Scottish Labour: its flip-flops on the independence question and its wobbles on what it wants from Brexit. Nevertheless many trust Corbyn, whose personal style reminds some people of a kindly schoolteacher, to make amends. One is Andrea, a 55-year-old secretary who voted Labour for the first time in June.  He seems like a neighbor next door, that s what I like about him. He seems to speak from the heart.  (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped word  seats  in paragraph 6) ",1
14615,Cambodia's main opposition party dissolved by Supreme Court,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s highest court dissolved the main opposition party on Thursday, leaving authoritarian Prime Minister Hun Sen clear to extend more than three decades of power in next year s election as rights groups decried the death of democracy. The government had asked the Supreme Court to dissolve the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), which was accused of plotting to take power with the help of the United States after the arrest of party leader Kem Sokha on Sept. 3. The court ruling also ordered a five-year political ban for 118 members of the opposition party, which had posed a major election threat for Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander who is the world s longest-serving prime minister. In a televised address, Hun Sen told Cambodians the election would go ahead  as normal.  The CNRP rejected the accusations against it as politically motivated. It did not send lawyers for the court ruling.  Democracy was brought to trial and it lost,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy to Kem Sokha who fled Cambodia fearing arrest.  The international community must fulfill its commitments to democracy, human rights and freedoms. Sanctions are the best leverage for negotiation for free, fair and inclusive elections.  Western donors, who sponsored elections overseen by the United Nations in 1993 in the hope of founding an enduring democracy, had called for Kem Sokha s release. But they have shown no appetite for sanctions against Cambodia s government, which is now closely allied to China.  The United States and European Union missions in Cambodia declined immediate comment on the court ruling. Senator John McCain, a leading U.S. Republican, said the dissolution of the CNRP meant there was  no way the elections scheduled for 2018 can proceed in a manner that is free or fair,  and the Trump administration should impose sanctions.  The Trump administration should move quickly to sanction all senior Cambodian government officials responsible for violating human rights and subverting freedom in Cambodia,  he said in a statement. U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said it was up to the government to provide a free environment without fear for fair elections. Despite ramping up anti-U.S. rhetoric and linking the United States to the alleged plot against him, Hun Sen lauded U.S. President Donald Trump at a regional summit at the weekend and said he welcomed his policy of non-interference. Dozens of police manned barriers outside the gold ornamented court in the center of Phnom Penh on Thursday. There was no sign of protests.  Few people on the streets wanted to talk about the ruling, the latest chapter in decades of maneuvering that have kept Hun Sen and his Cambodian People s Party (CPP) in power across all levels in the country of 16 million.  People are scared to talk amongst themselves,  said Seang Menly, 39, a driver of one of the rickety tuk-tuks that ply the streets of Phnom Penh.  In my neighborhood, people who used to give money and food to the CNRP no longer dare to.  Hun Sen and his defenders say only he can ensure peace.  During his rule since 1985, Cambodia has been transformed from a failed state in the wake of Khmer Rouge purges and genocide to a lower middle-income country with growth of about 7 percent a year. Life expectancy has risen from 50 to 70.  The Supreme Court s decision today is not to end democracy but to deter extremists in order to protect the people and the nation from destruction,  said Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the interior ministry. Rights groups condemned the decision by the court, which is headed by a judge who is a member of the ruling party s permanent committee. They said it left Cambodia as a de facto one-party state and rendered next year s election meaningless.  This is the death of democracy in Cambodia,  said Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch.  More than half the CNRP s members of parliament had already fled Cambodia, fearing detention in a crackdown on Hun Sen s critics, civil rights groups and independent media that began last year.  We don t know who is next,  an editor at the Voice of Democracy radio station in Phnom Penh said. It was taken off the air in August, but has continued broadcasting through Facebook. The CNRP s parliamentary seats will be redistributed to other government-aligned parties after its dissolution. The party will also lose control of the councils that it won in local elections in June, when its strong showing in winning more than 40 percent of them made clear the threat it posed to the ruling party next year. Hun Sen appealed to CNRP members to join the CPP, saying:  You cannot even save your party. How will you save yourself?  Evidence presented against the party included a video from 2013 in which Kem Sokha said he had help from unidentified Americans to win power. He said he was talking about a democratic election strategy, not a coup. ",1
14616,"OSCE watchdog slams Unites States, Russia for ""foreign agent"" media laws","VIENNA (Reuters) - The OSCE s media watchdog said on Thursday moves by the United States and Russia to force some foreign media to register as  foreign agents  were unacceptable and dangerous. Russia s lower house of parliament this week approved a law allowing Moscow to force foreign media to describe news they provide to Russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources. Earlier on Thursday Russia named nine U.S. government-sponsored news outlets likely to be labeled  foreign agents . U.S. intelligence officials accuse the Kremlin of using Russian media organizations it finances to influence U.S. voters. Washington has required Russian state broadcaster RT to register a U.S.-based affiliate company as a  foreign agent .  Branding media entities as  foreign agents  is a dangerous practice, as it can narrow the space for freedom of the media,  said Harlem Desir, media freedom chief of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). The OSCE, which also oversees election monitoring, is one of the few security forums which brings Russia and the United States to the same table. It has a 700-strong observer mission monitoring the conflict in Ukraine.  I call on both the Unites States and the Russian Federation to reconsider and refrain from requiring media entities to register as  foreign agents , Desir said in a statement, labeling both countries  moves as  not acceptable . The Kremlin denies meddling in the U.S. election and has said the restrictions on Russian broadcasters in the United States amount to an attack on free speech. The new media law in Russia is retaliation, it says. ",1
14617,Suicide bombers kill 10 in Nigeria's Maiduguri: emergency official,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suicide bomb attackers killed 10 people and wounded 30 in the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Wednesday, an emergency agency official said.  Islamist militant group Boko Haram has killed more than 20,000 people since 2009 as part of its attempt to create an Islamic state in the Lake Chad basin.  No one immediately claimed responsibility for the latest attack, which emergency officials and members of a government-approved vigilante group said was carried out by four female bombers in the Muna Garage district of Maiduguri at about 06:00 p.m. (1700 GMT).  The use of female bombers is a hallmark of Boko Haram attacks.   We have so far recorded 10 people s deaths and about 30 victims injured,  said Bello Dambatta, a spokesman for the State Emergency Agency (SEMA). Maiduguri is the capital of Borno state and the city worst hit by the jihadist insurgency. At least 221 people have been killed in bombings and gun attacks in northeast Nigeria since June, according to a Reuters tally.  ",1
14618,Trump urges U.N. council to renew Syria chemical arms inquiry,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday urged all members of the U.N. Security Council to back the renewal of the international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria, saying it was needed to prevent President Bashar al-Assad from using the arms.  Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again,  Trump said in a note on Twitter. The 15-nation council was due to vote on Thursday on rival U.S. and Russian bids to renew the international inquiry, diplomats said on Wednesday, a move that could trigger Russia s 10th veto to block action on Syria. ",1
14619,"Lebanon's Hariri to arrive in France on Saturday, meet Macron: Elysee source","PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s prime minister Saad al-Hariri will arrive in France on Saturday and meet French President Emmanuel Macron, a source inside the French presidency said. Macron invited the Lebanese premier and his family to France on Wednesday, hoping to soothe a crisis triggered when Hariri announced his resignation 12 days ago.  ",1
14620,Britain denies $500 million debt to Iran linked to bid to free jailed aid worker,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Thursday that moves toward paying half a billion dollars to Iran for a debt owed since the 1979 Islamic Revolution had nothing to do with a bid to secure the release of a jailed Iranian-British aid worker. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was detained in April and sentenced to five years after an Iranian court convicted her of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Prime Minister Theresa May s government is under intense pressure to secure Zaghari-Ratcliffe s release, in part because Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson made remarks that Iran said justified her conviction. Britain has sought legal advice over whether it could transfer over 400 million pounds ($528 million) which it owes the Islamic Republic in capital and interest for a 1970s arms deal with the then-Shah of Iran, the Telegraph newspaper. Britain owes the money after the Shah paid up front for 1,750 Chieftain tanks and other vehicles, almost none of which were eventually delivered after the Islamic Revolution of 1979 toppled the U.S.-backed leader. British officials did not directly answer requests for comment on whether they were preparing to pay the money to Iran, but May s spokesman said the debt issue was not linked to the attempts to convince Tehran to release Zaghari-Ratcliffe. Talks to resolve the debt matter have been going on for years.  It is wrong to link a completely separate debt issue with any other aspect of our bilateral relationship with Iran,  a government spokesman said, adding that Iran s Defence Ministry remains subject to European Union sanctions.  The debt was paid to a bank account controlled by the High Court in 2002 but has not been released due to sanctions on the Islamic Republic, the spokesman said. Iran rejected media reports associating the debt Britain owed to Iran with the fate of Zaghari-Ratcliffe.  These are two separate matters ... Linking them is wrong. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been tried and sentenced to jail,  TV quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying. British officials told the Telegraph that work on how to pay the debt has intensified in recent months in a bid to improve relations with Iran. When asked about the reports, May s spokesman said the government saw no connection between the debt and the fate of Zaghari-Ratcliffe.  We are clear we don t see any link between these two issues,  the spokesman said.  The reports are speculation, not anything that I recognize.   The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters. It operates independently of Reuters News.  ",1
14621,Greeks in mourning and disbelief after flood that killed at least 15,"MANDRA, Greece (Reuters) - Greeks voiced despair and disbelief on Thursday after a flash flood killed at least 15 people and left hundreds homeless, with many blaming a system that allowed houses to be built on dried up river beds. In the towns of Nea Peramos and Mandra west of the capital Athens, crumpled cars and mangled furniture lay on roads coated in the thick mud left behind by a raging torrent that smashed through homes on Wednesday morning.  We are ruined. My tavern and my house are gone,  said Paraskevas Stamou, a restaurant owner in Mandra.  Everything is gone, the road is gone, the water is still flowing and we were flooded again last night and this morning.  We are expecting another downpour tonight. It s like God hates us,  he told Reuters. To escape the lethal floodwaters, residents took desperate measures.  We had nowhere to sleep. We slept on the roof, we found carpets to cover ourselves,  said a man in Mandra whose house was gutted by the flood but remained standing. Between sobs, his mother added:  Everything went. We don t have anyone to help us. I don t have help from anyone.     Elderly people wandered the streets in muddied clothing, looking bewildered.  What I am concerned about is the indifference - there was no one there by our side to say,  take courage . I didn t want anything else, nothing,  said Mandra resident Maria Kriada.  Did anyone ask me if I had any water to drink? If I had any food to eat? If I had somewhere to sleep? No one came to say this.  Bad weather continued on Thursday. Officials said they were waiting for conditions to improve before giving a clearer picture of the damage. Five people were still missing.  Flags flew at half-mast from state buildings and the Acropolis on Thursday as the government declared three days of national mourning. Newspapers expressed anger.  A Crime,  was the headline in Ta Nea daily, superimposed on a picture of a woman being comforted next to an overturned car.  The Deeds of Man,  wrote the leftist Avgi, referring to unlicensed constructions. Experts blamed haphazard construction which the natural path for water runoff obstructed, and soil erosion on a mountain range hit by fires. Both towns were built along an old motorway linking Athens to the Peloponnese city of Corinth. As building crept closer to the road, streams that would have drained runoff from the nearby Pateras mountains were blocked.  Of course the state wasn t prepared ... we cannot compete with nature,  said Christos Zeferos, head of the research center for Atmospheric Physics and Climatology Academy of Athens, adding that climate change meant people should expect more weather-related disasters.  We should be prepared for more frequent, and different phenomena,  he told Reuters. Many of the victims were elderly. The youngest was a 36-year old truck driver who called his mother as the floodwaters rose around his lorry. The line went dead soon afterwards. ",1
14622,"EU to press May at summit, UK dismisses Brexit offer talk","GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - European Union leaders will press Theresa May to meet their conditions soon for launching post-Brexit trade talks when she holds talks on the sidelines of a summit in Sweden on Friday, EU officials said. The British prime minister dismissed via a spokesman a report on Thursday that she was ready to raise her offer of cash to settle London s obligations to the Union on leaving but a top EU lawmaker said he came away from a meeting with May in London optimistic that Britain was moving towards a deal with Brussels. At the Gothenburg talks devoted to labor and social reform, May will have a chance to speak to her peers on the sidelines   though German Chancellor Angela Merkel will skip the event. A key moment may be May s meeting before lunch with Donald Tusk, the summit chair who is overseeing the withdrawal process. Tusk will remind May, according to an EU source, that  time is short  to deliver on hopes raised at an EU summit in October that sufficient progress would be made toward agreeing divorce terms this month that leaders would give a green light in mid-December to opening talks on the future relationship. The Union s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, has said he needs to hear more from Britain on three key divorce conditions, including the financial settlement, by the start of next month if the EU is to be in a position for all 27 other national leaders to trigger the second phase at a summit on Dec. 14-15. EU officials have begun internal preparations to be able to launch trade negotiations after the summit, the source noted, but added:  Tusk will inform May that such a positive scenario is not a given, will require more work and that time is short.   And he will ask May how the UK plans to progress on the three key issues for Phase One.  May s spokesman described as  speculation  a newspaper report that she was planning to spend another 20 billion pounds (26 billion euros) to settle EU demands for Britain to pay its share of spending the EU has already agreed during British membership but will not actually pay out until after it leaves.  I would say it is yet more speculation,  he said.  We want to make progress as quickly as possible and we want to move onto talks about the future relationship as quickly as possible.  A further 26 billion euros would go a long way to meeting a demand that Brussels has put at around 60 billion euros. That is because May has already asked for a two-year transition period after Brexit in March 2019. That would bring in some 20 billion euros as Britain would go on contributing to the budget to retain its full membership of the European single market. A Merkel ally in Brussels, Manfred Weber, the German leader of the center-right bloc in the European Parliament, struck a notably upbeat tone after meeting May and other key British ministers in London on Tuesday. While insisting he had not heard concrete new proposals   that is not his role   he came away believing the British wanted to move toward a divorce deal.  My main message is I am more optimistic,  he told reporters.  There is progress.  As well as the Brexit  bill , Brussels also wants Britain to offer more in the way of rights for EU citizens living there and ensuring that its border with Ireland will remain unobstructed while also not creating a loophole in EU customs arrangements. ",1
14623,Libyans swap jewelry for medical treatment as crisis bites,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - In a square behind Libya s central bank, black market dealers, some of them armed, carry small plastic bags filled with dollars and larger ones with dinars in and out of one of many informal exchanges. Traders buy food and other goods from abroad at the official rate and sell them at the unofficial one, pocketing vast profits; others make equally large sums by smuggling out heavily subsidized fuel. In the back streets of the old city meanwhile, ordinary people have resorted to selling jewelry or dollars hidden at home as six years of post-dictatorship chaos take their toll.  I haven t been paid for four months,  said Fatima, 40, from the southern city of Sabha as she sold three small gold charms to pay for diabetes treatment for her sister, Hasina, who added:  We re helpless, there s nothing else we can do.  In other signs of rising poverty, elderly women beg motorists for cash on Tripoli s streets and families queue for charity food handouts. The U.N. estimated that about 1.3 million people in Libya need humanitarian assistance this year. Their situation took another turn for the worse in the past two weeks after the black market rate of the dinar, which has long languished at record lows, slid again, fuelling inflation that is already around 25-30 percent. The central bank blamed the audit bureau and the U.N.-backed government for restricting letters of credit that fund basic supplies to a divided country where a security vacuum and smuggling networks have destabilized the wider region. Officials had come across suspect requests - one to import tuna worth $120,000, more than the country consumes in a year, according to a Libyan entrepreneur who declined to be named, fearing retribution from Libya s powerful armed groups. Just $2.5 billion of an expected $7.4 billion of credit has been allocated, the trader said, helping knock the dinar from around 8.5 to 9.25 against the dollar on the black market. Its value has fallen by more than 600 percent since early 2014. The economy ministry was not immediately available for comment on a complex credit system that passes through commercial banks and where the audit bureau had documented earlier abuses and lack of oversight.  We re talking about an extremely bad economic and financial situation,  Central Bank Governor Sadiq al-Kabir said in a rare news conference on Tuesday.  Everyone, whether legislative or executive, holds responsibility equally.  Traders and economists say political uncertainty is a major factor weakening the currency, with U.N. talks to broker a deal between rival factions currently suspended. Libya is struggling to fund food imports and defend its foreign reserves, which the World Bank estimates will stand at $67.5 billion at the end of this year, compared to $123.5 billion in 2012. International experts say the only way to resolve the issue is to devalue the dinar from the official exchange rate of 1.37 to the dollar, but agreeing an economic strategy in a country dominated by armed factions with rival governments and no budgets is no simple task. A powerful or well-connected minority who are profiting from a flourishing shadow economy have little interest in change.      The central bank did not comment on devaluation, but economists and diplomats say the bank is reluctant to devalue without a policy plan in place to deal with the resulting shock. Libya managed this year to lift oil production to about 1 million barrels a day, but output is stuck well below the levels before the 2011 uprising that toppled Muammar Gaddafi. Revenues that normally account for about 80 percent of gross domestic product are largely used to pay salaries, including those of armed factions added to the state payroll for their role in the uprising. Subsidies include a $4 billion-plus annual fuel subsidy that is among the most generous in the world. Premiums on the official exchange rate and subsidized fuel make Libya  a criminal and terrorist cross-border funding paradise , said Husni Bey, chairman of HB Group, one of Libya s biggest private firms.  Most instability in Libya today is of a criminal nature... due to the lack of equitable exchange rate for the Libyan dinar and the subsidies that must be changed from goods to direct cash contributions.  Last year Libya spent around $26 billion, but earned just $6 billion.  This year we estimate that revenues should increase to around $14 billion, but spending will likely be more than double this,  said Mark Griffiths, Libya Mission Chief for the International Monetary Fund.  This is not sustainable.   The government has sought to reduce the public salary bill by 5 billion dinars annually, clamping down on abuse by removing some 100,000 people who had been claiming several salaries, according to a finance ministry report. Libyans became used to plentiful public jobs and state handouts as Gaddafi sought to buy loyalty like other Middle Eastern oil producers. Migrant workers used to do the manual work, now Libyans without contacts have taken their place. Salman Rashid, a public servant, said he had received just three months-worth of pay in the past year.  It s not enough for basic needs,  he said.  Now I work on construction sites and in buildings maintenance.  Entrepreneurs have withdrawn deposits from banks for fear of employees leaking word of them to kidnappers and others also prefer to keep money at home. In a second shop in the old city, a woman who gave her name as Karima was changing 500 euros.  I need to go to Tunis for surgery and am selling my foreign currency holdings,  she said.  Times are very difficult now.  Shop owner Salahedin Zarti, 52, said up to 10 people come in daily to sell necklaces, bracelets and rings.  In the beginning it was every day, but now I think people are starting to run out of jewelry,  he said. ",1
14624,France says Saudi coalition must boost aid efforts to Yemen,"RIYADH (Reuters) - France s foreign minister on Thursday called on the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen to boost humanitarian efforts for the local civilian population who required  urgent  assistance. The heads of three U.N. agencies urged the Saudi-led military coalition on Thursday to lift its blockade on Yemen, warning that  untold thousands  would die if it stayed in place.  We spoke about the humanitarian situation and the measures that needed to be taken so that international aid can quickly get to the Yemeni population that have an extremely urgent need,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a news conference with his Saudi counterpart Adel Jubeir.  The coalition led by Saudi Arabia has taken the first measures that now need to be followed up and amplified.   Saudi Arabia is involved in a two-year-old war in neighboring Yemen and has been criticized for blocking humanitarian aid. In an interview with Reuters on Thursday, Jubeir accused the Iran-aligned Houthis of besieging civilian areas and preventing supplies from coming in or out. ",1
14625,Zimbabwe's Mugabe meets South African envoys at state house: state newspaper,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe, two cabinet ministers and the head of the military met South African envoys on Thursday in his office, a day after the military seized power, the state Herald newspaper said. Photos on the Herald s website showed Mugabe, General Constantino Chiwenga, Defence Minister Sydney Sekeramayi and State Security Minister Kembo Mohadi speaking with South African officials alongside Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori. The South African officials in the photos included Defence Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula and State Security Minister Bongani Bongo. ",1
14626,U.N. states call for end to Myanmar military operations,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A United Nations General Assembly committee on Thursday called on Myanmar to end military operations that have  led to the systematic violation and abuse of human rights  of Rohingya Muslims in the country s Rakhine state.  The move revived a U.N. resolution that was dropped last year due to the country s progress on human rights. The General Assembly s Third Committee, which focuses on human rights, voted 135 in favor, 10 against with 26 abstentions on the draft text that also asks U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to appoint a special envoy on Myanmar.  For 15 years the Third Committee annually adopted a resolution condemning Myanmar s human rights record, but last year the European Union did not put forward a draft text, citing progress under the leadership of Aung San Suu Kyi. However, in the past three months more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh after the Myanmar military began an operation against Rohingya militants, who attacked 30 security posts and an army base in Rakhine state on Aug. 25. This prompted the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation to put forward a new draft U.N. resolution, which will now be formally adopted by the 193-member General Assembly next month. The resolution deepens international pressure, but has no legal consequences. Myanmar s army released a report on Monday denying all allegations of rapes and killings by security forces, days after replacing the general in charge of the military operation in Rakhine state. Top U.N. officials have denounced the violence as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. The Myanmar government has denied allegations of ethnic cleansing. Myanmar is refusing entry to a U.N. panel that was tasked with investigating allegations of abuses after a smaller military counteroffensive launched in October 2016. The draft resolution approved by the Third Committee on Thursday urges Myanmar to grant access. It also calls for full and unhindered humanitarian aid access and for Myanmar to grant full citizenship rights to Rohingya. They have been denied citizenship in Myanmar, where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. The 15-member U.N. Security Council last week urged the Myanmar government to  ensure no further excessive use of military force in Rakhine state.  It asked Guterres to report back in 30 days. Human Rights Watch accused Myanmar security forces on Thursday of committing widespread rape against women and girls, echoing an allegation by Pramila Patten, the U.N. special envoy on sexual violence in conflict, earlier this week. Patten said sexual violence was  being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar.  ",1
14627,Turkey 'appalled' by U.S. stance on IS withdrawal from Raqqa: ministry," (This November 15 story was corrected to clarify in paragraph three that not all people evacuated were fighters) ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey on Tuesday said it was appalled by the approach of the U.S. Department of Defense towards an agreement between the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and Islamic State to withdraw Islamic State militants from the Syrian city of Raqqa. Last month, a YPG militia spokesman said that Syrian Islamic State fighters were set to abandon Raqqa in a withdrawal agreed with U.S.-backed Syrian militias. On Sunday, a report by the BBC said some 4,000 people, including hundreds of foreign nationals, had been evacuated from Raqqa as part of the agreement and spread across Syria and as far as Turkey.  Seeing that statements from the spokespeople of the international coalition against Islamic State and the U.S. Department of Defence have not denied the existence of the given agreement, but to the contrary said they  respected  it is appalling,  Turkey s Foreign Ministry said in a statement. Ankara has been infuriated with Washington over its support of the YPG militia, seen by Turks as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union. The ministry said the withdrawal of Islamic State militants from Raqqa was  extremely troubling , and added that it was a development that  should be noted .   The agreement in question has become an example that if a battle is carried out with a terrorist organization, those terrorist organizations will eventually opt to cooperate with each other,  it said. After Raqqa s fall to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in October, Syria s army declared victory over Islamic State last week, saying its capture of the jihadists  last town of Albu Kamal marked the collapse of their three-year, hardline reign in the region. ",1
14628,Ukraine investigators fear corruption cases could get buried,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian investigators fear corruption probes could get buried because the national anti-corruption bureau will soon be flooded by thousands of old cases and recently passed legislation could further hobble their work. Their comments spotlight Kiev s patchy record on fighting corruption, which has delayed billions in aid from international donors who have supported Ukraine since the 2014 Maidan protests brought pro-Western forces to power. They come after the NABU anti-corruption bureau launched an investigation this week into an allied crime-fighting agency over extortion allegations.  From Monday, 3,500 cases that were registered before December 2015 will be transferred from the prosecutor s office to NABU, which include for example investigations that may pertain to former Donald Trump campaign chief Paul Manafort. NABU began life in late 2015 and was given an exemption on investigating cases that opened before its creation, which expires on Monday. NABU wants the exemption extended, saying its 200-strong team of detectives cannot cope with the extra work.  In an interview with Reuters on Thursday, NABU spokeswoman Svitlana Olifira said there was a risk that  all current investigations by (NABU) detectives may be blocked . Serhii Horbatiuk, head of special investigations at the general prosecutor s office, said the old cases would be sent to NABU to ensure no-one looks at them. His investigations include two cases related to Manafort s work in Ukraine.   They will simply lie around and not be looked at,  he said in an interview at his office.  My opinion is that this is done deliberately to ensure that crimes linked to former senior officials are either simply not investigated, or obstacles are created that prevent it (the investigation).   The restructuring (of law enforcement) is being used to ensure investigations don t take place,  he added. Neither NABU nor Horbatiuk accused anyone by name of trying to block investigations.  NABU appealed to President Petro Poroshenko to veto legislation passed in October which it believes will also harm investigations.  The law, according to NABU, will put too strict limits on the time allowed for an investigation before it can be dismissed, while also making it more cumbersome for police to obtain permission from courts to open probes.  We urge the president to examine this bill thoroughly and to refrain from signing the current version,  Olifira said, saying the bill could  bring about the collapse of Ukraine s whole law enforcement system.  The president s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  ",1
14629,"Wauquiez, tipped to lead French opposition, draws Europe battle lines","STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - The man expected to become the leader of France s center-right set out his vision for a multi-speed Europe on Thursday, rejecting the deeper integration sought by President Emmanuel Macron. Speaking in Strasbourg, home to the European Parliament, Laurent Wauquiez said some European Union countries should be allowed to limit their commitment to the bloc to free trade, something that theoretically could allow Britain to re-engage. If the 42-year-old is elected next month to lead The Republicans, his challenge will be to rebuild a once-powerful party that was blown apart by Macron s presidential and parliamentary election triumphs. With Macron s fledgling Republic on the Move party dominating the center, Wauquiez is likely to take The Republicans to the right, fishing for support among eurosceptic National Front sympathizers. The Republicans have only 100 lawmakers in the 577-seat National Assembly, after others split to work more closely with Macron, but are the largest opposition group.  With 27 members, Europe isn t working. We have to do something,  Wauquiez told reporters. The EU should have a core of between six and 12 members states that would pursue closer cooperation on matters including tax harmonization and employment rights, he said.  Other members of the euro zone would form a second tier. Countries wanting only free trade would form a third tier, including Britain if it wanted.  I cannot accept that everyone seems to be congratulating themselves that Britain is leaving,  Wauquiez said. In September, Macron painted a sweeping vision for European renewal, calling for the EU to work more closely on defense and immigration and for the euro zone to have its own budget. Describing himself as a  committed European , Wauquiez rejected that as well as any plan to further enlarge the EU further.  Macron s big mistake is to pit French sovereignty against the European project ... to think we need more federalism. I on the other hand believe in a union of nation states,  Wauquiez told Le Figaro. Wauquiez served as the party s interim leader last year after former president Nicolas Sarkozy quit the post to contest the party primary for a second crack at the presidency. One Paris-based senior EU diplomat described him as a  tough politician  whose leadership of The Republicans would squeeze the political space open to the National Front. The National Front suffered its own bruising in the elections, with its leader Marine Le Pen trounced by Macron in the second round of the presidential vote and the party performing weakly in the parliamentary election. Le Pen has softened her anti-EU stance in past weeks as her far-right party, split by deep internal divisions over its view on Europe, seeks to reinvent itself.   ",1
14630,Colombia's Senate approves peace tribunals for ex-rebels,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s Senate has backed a law to regulate transitional justice under the country s peace deal with Marxist FARC rebels, including special tribunals that will try guerrilla leaders for war crimes.  The law, approved late on Wednesday, is considered the cornerstone of the agreement signed last year between the government and the FARC, known then as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. The measure still needs approval from the lower house of Congress, which is likely to vote on it early next week. The special courts will mete out alternative sentences like landmine removal for ex-guerrilla leaders who are convicted of war crimes. Under the peace deal, those convicted will not serve time in traditional jails. The law can also apply to members of the military and civilians who funded illegal groups like paramilitaries. Congress has until the end of the month to approve the law using the court-approved  fast-track  mechanism to reduce the number of required debates in an effort to implement the peace accord as quickly as possible. In a move that invigorated the previously slow debate in the Senate chamber, the nation s top court ruled this week that the majority of the law, including provisions that allow former rebels to participate in politics, is constitutional.  The court made several modifications however. A provision in the agreement prohibits extradition of former FARC members, but the ruling said that only applied to crimes that occurred before the deal. It said ex-rebels who commit crimes after demobilization would be subject to regular laws that include the possibility of extradition.  That did not sit well with the FARC, which is now officially a political party.  The extradition prohibition as it stands in the final accord is a right and not a benefit,  senior FARC member Ivan Marquez told journalists on Thursday.  Making the prohibition ineffectual constitutes a flagrant and very grave non-compliance with the deal.  Under the agreement the FARC will have 10 guaranteed seats in Congress until 2026. The group has already announced a slate of candidates for elections next year. ",1
14631,Dublin hopeful Northern Ireland talks can resume in coming weeks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government is hopeful Northern Ireland s political parties will make a fresh attempt at restoring their devolved power-sharing government in the next few weeks, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday. The latest efforts to break a near year-long stalemate collapsed at the start of this month, prompting Britain to begin setting a budget for the province, a major step toward imposing direct rule from London for the first time in a decade.   Many in Northern Ireland fear direct rule would further destabilize a political balance between pro-British unionists and Irish nationalists that has already been upset by Britain s vote to leave the European Union.  I hope in the next few weeks we will be able to get back around the table. I think it is fair to say the parties are trying to move this forward and I hope the governments will be able to facilitate an agreement,  Coveney told parliament. Coveney helped facilitate the talks as Ireland is a co-guarantor of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement which ended 30 years of sectarian violence that killed 3,600 people. He said he still believes a deal is achievable. Irish Nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) shared power for a decade until Sinn Fein pulled out of government in January, complaining it was not being treated as an equal partner. DUP leader Arlene Foster has said she hopes talks can resume soon while Sinn Fein has called for greater intervention from the governments in Dublin and London. Analysts say a fresh round of talks is unlikely to be contemplated before the DUP s annual conference on Nov. 25.  ",1
14632,Italy's Berlusconi wins alimony case; ex-wife told to pay back millions,"MILAN (Reuters) - Silvio Berlusconi need no longer pay his ex-wife 1.4 million euros ($1.7 million) a month, an Italian court said on Thursday, ruling the former prime minister had been unfairly treated in a divorce settlement. The Milan appeals court also told Veronica Lario, a former actress, to hand back to Berlusconi alimony payments totaling some 60 million euros, saying she had no right to the money. The good news for the tycoon politician comes as his political career - considered dead and buried only a year ago - is also back on the rise. The Milan case follows a landmark ruling by Italy s top appeals court in May that said divorce settlements need not guarantee spouses their previous standard of living but rather ensure they were financially independent. Berlusconi, Italy s seventh richest man, according to Forbes, with a wealth estimated at about 7 billion euros, was married to Lario for more than 22 years.  They split in 2009, with the normally reserved Lario writing to Italy s national news agency to denounce her husband s interest in other women. Their divorce was formalized in 2014. Following their separation, Berlusconi was embroiled in scandals over his  bunga bunga  parties and convicted of paying to have sex with a 17-year-old minor. The verdict was later overturned when an appeals court said it could not be proved he knew she was underage. Berlusconi s partner of the last five years is Francesca Pascale, a former television show girl 49 years his junior. A court in 2012 initially awarded Lario alimony of three million euros a month. This was subsequently cut to 1.4 million, but Berlusconi complained it was still too high. A legal source said the Milan judges took into consideration the May Supreme Court ruling and decided that Lario, who has cash deposits of some 16 million euros as well as jewels and a real estate business, did not need additional monthly income. There was no immediate comment from Lario or her lawyers. ",1
14633,Refugee crisis influx no boon for German integration: study,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The wave of refugees that entered Germany in 2015-2016 has slowed its integration efforts, according to a study that also showed little progress since 2005 in leveling the playing field for immigrants on education, employment and incomes. At the height of Europe s migration crisis, Chancellor Angela Merkel adopted an open-borders policy that drew more than one million refugees into Germany in two years. In the prior decade, education opportunities picked up for newly arrived immigrants and people born in Germany with at least one foreign parent. But the Federal Statistics Office study released on Thursday found the education gap between those categories of migrants and native Germans had since widened again, with the proportion of the former lacking a high school certificate growing between 2014 and 2016. The scale of future immigration has become a major sticking point in three-party talks that Merkel is leading on the formation of a new coalition government, for which she has set an initial deadline of Thursday night. While Germany s unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest since the country s reunification in 1990, more immigrants were unemployed in 2016 than native Germans, the study said. In that year, 13.6 percent of immigrants and 6.2 percent of native Germans had low-paying jobs. Merkel s conservatives have proposed to the coalition talks that a suspension of reunifications between migrants and their family members outside Germany should be extended beyond a March 2018 deadline. Immigration expert Herbert Bruecker, a professor at the Berlin Integration and Migration Institute, said that would worsen the divide.   Our surveys show that people, who are living separated from their families, have a lower life satisfaction and also suffer more often from depression or bitterness,  he said. ",1
14634,U.S. Pacific Commander: Military-backed diplomacy needed to deal with North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Diplomacy backed by military power is needed to deal with North Korea s missile and nuclear development, the head of the U.S. military s Pacific Command said on Thursday. North Korea has launched dozens of missile tests under the leadership of Kim Jong Un as it accelerates a weapons program designed to give it the ability to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. In recent months, it has fired two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test, stoking regional tension.  Clearly, while diplomacy must be the main effort with North Korea, it has to be diplomacy backed by credible military power,  Admiral Harry Harris said in Japan at the beginning of a meeting with Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera. U.S. President Donald Trump visited China this month seeking its help to rein in North Korea and a senior Chinese diplomat will visit the North from Friday.  China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we ll see what happens!  Trump wrote on Twitter on Thursday. China has repeatedly pushed for a diplomatic solution to the crisis, but in recent months it has had only limited high-level exchanges with North Korea. The last time China s special envoy for North Korea visited the country was in February last year. On Thursday, China said a  dual suspension  proposal   under which the United States and South Korea would stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs   was the best way forward. Japan s Onodera told Harris that he believed a recent joint military exercise involving Japanese forces and three U.S. aircraft carriers had sent a  very strong message  to North Korea. Harris separately told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the joint exercise in the Sea of Japan during Trump s visit to the region was  an example of how our militaries work together . Two Indian warships also took part. ",1
14635,World Bank approves $150 million to restore services in Yemeni cities,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Bank agreed on Thursday to grant war-torn Yemen $150 million to help some of its hardest-hit cities restore basic services and fight a cholera epidemic. An agreement signed by a World Bank official and the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) is funded by the International Development Association (IDA), the World Bank s fund for the world s poorest countries.   The new project will target issues like uncollected trash and untreated sewage water ... and also address access to electricity for critical services and urgent needs for road repair to improve mobility and access,  a statement issued by the UNOPS said. Civil war broke out in Yemen in March 2015, between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. The agreement covers the Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa and the Red Sea port city of Hodeidah as well as the southern port city of Aden, the temporary capital of Hadi s government. Some 900,000 suspected cholera cases have been recorded in the past seven months, including 2,200 deaths.  The heads of three U.N. agencies issued a fresh plea on Thursday for the Saudi-led military coalition to lift its blockade on Yemen, saying that without aid shipments  untold thousands of innocent victims, among them many children, will die . One million children are at risk from a diphtheria outbreak and millions threatened by hunger, the heads of the World Food Programme, UNICEF and the World Health Organization said in the joint statement. ",1
14636,"Mattis sees opportunity for talks if North Korea halts missile tests, development","COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday there could be an opportunity for talks between North Korea and the United States if Pyongyang stopped testing and developing its nuclear and missile programs.  So long as they stop testing, stop developing, they don t export their weapons, there would be opportunity for talks,  Mattis told reporters on a military plane. While Washington has said that all options, including military, are on the table in dealing with North Korea, it has stressed its preference is for a diplomatic solution. Visiting Seoul last week, U.S. President Donald Trump warned North Korea he was prepared to use the full range of American military power to stop any attack, but also urged Pyongyang to  make a deal.   Trump, who had previously called negotiations with North Korea a waste of time, has offered no clear path to talks. Pyongyang has made clear it has little interest in negotiations, at least until it has developed a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. The last North Korean missile test was carried out almost two months ago, but U.S. officials say they have seen no signs that Pyongyang has stopped development. Mattis said the U.S. military was closely watching why there had been no missile launches recently, but declined to give potential reasons for it.  There are concerns in South Korea that any potential U.S. strikes against North Korea s nuclear and missile programs could provoke devastating North Korean retaliation against South Korea. Earlier this week, a senior South Korean official said Trump should  under no circumstances  take military action against North Korea without the consent of the government in Seoul. In Colorado, Mattis will visit the U.S. Northern Command and the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD), which are responsible for homeland defense, including tracking and potentially intercepting North Korean missiles. ",1
14637,French military says coalition opposed IS withdrawal from Raqqa,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s military said on Thursday the coalition battling Islamic State in Syria had opposed a deal allowing fighters of the militant group to withdraw from their former bastion of Raqqa. The coalition had also been unable to launch air strikes against the fighters because they had mingled with civilians, French army spokesman Patrik Steiger said. A report by BBC television on Sunday said some 4,000 people, including hundreds of foreign nationals, had been evacuated from Raqqa as part of the agreement and spread across Syria and as far as Turkey. Ankara on Tuesday said it was appalled by the approach of the U.S. Department of Defense toward the agreement, struck between the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF)   a U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias   and Islamic State.  The coalition was not ... for this agreement which enabled Islamic State terrorists to escape without being chased,  Steiger told reporters in a weekly briefing.   It (the convoy) was monitored by drones, (but) the terrorists were mixed in with the population which prevented air strikes being carried out.  France has contributed to strikes against the jihadist group in Syria and has special forces operating in the Raqqa region. Coordinated attacks planned by militants in Raqqa in Paris in November 2015 were the deadliest on French soil since World War Two, killing more 130 people.  With Islamic State losing ground in Iraq and Syria, hundreds of French citizens belonging to Islamic State - and in some cases their children - have started to return to France, officials there say. The BBC report showed one witness claiming that French jihadis were among those allowed to leave Raqqa in mid-October and one suspected militant was recorded saying some French fighters  were heading back to France to carry out attacks.  At the time an SDF spokesman said 275 Syrian militants left along with their family members, but denied foreign fighters had also left. Seeking to allay concerns, French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said on Wednesday the threat of an attack was no greater than over the last two years and security services were either arresting or monitoring all those who returned to France.  About 400 men, women and children had returned so far.  There is no massive return. We think that 700 people are still in the zone,  he said, referring to French nationals or those who had resided in the country in the past.  (This version of the story corrects paragraph three to clarify people, not fighters evacuated) ",1
14638,Israeli army chief says ready to share information with Saudi Arabia,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Israeli army s chief of staff told an Arabic language online newspaper that Israel was ready to share  intelligence information  with Saudi Arabia, saying their countries had a common interest in standing up to Iran. Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot told the privately Saudi-owned Elaph in what it said was his first interview with an Arabic newspaper that Israel had no plans to attack Lebanon s Hezbollah group. Saudi Arabia has ratcheted up pressure on arch-foe Iran, accusing Tehran of trying to expand its influence in Arab countries, often through proxies including the Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah group. Increased tension between Tehran and Riyadh has fueled speculation that shared interests may push Saudi Arabia and Israel to working together against what they see as a common Iranian threat. Saudi Arabia maintains that any relations with Israel hinge on Israeli withdrawal from Arab lands occupied in the 1967 Middle East war.  Asked if Israel had shared any information with Saudi Arabia, Eizenkot said:  We are ready to share information if necessary. There are many shared interests between us.  He said U.S. President Donald Trump s election on a platform that calls for increasing pressure on Iran has provided an opportunity for new alliances in the Middle East. Both Saudi Arabia and Israel view Iran as a main threat to the Middle East.   A major and general strategic plan must be prepared to stop the Iranian danger, and we are ready to exchange expertise with moderate Arab states and exchange intelligence information to face Iran,  he said, according to Elaph, which said the interview was conducted at Eizenkot s office in Tel Aviv by an Israeli Arab journalist. Earlier this month, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri announced his resignation in a surprise move that had plunged Lebanon into a new political crisis. Hariri s resignation thrust Lebanon into the front line of a regional struggle between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain. It also raised speculation about possible military action against Lebanon by Israel, which sees Hezbollah as a strategic threat. Responding to a question on speculation that Israel may launch a military operation against Hezbollah, Eizenkot said:  We do not have any intention initiating any offensive against Hezbollah in Lebanon and reaching a (state of) war. But we will not accept a strategic threat against Israel.  ",1
14639,Kenya court to rule on presidential election cases on Monday,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court will rule on Monday on cases that seek to nullify the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta last month and the judges could order a fresh vote or clear the way for the incumbent to be sworn in for a second term. The two cases appear to represent a final chance for legal scrutiny of the Oct. 26 election and the ruling could end a protracted political crisis in which more than 60 people have been killed. Kenya is a hub for trade, diplomacy and security in East Africa.  We will deliver judgment on the 20th,  Chief Justice David Maraga told lawyers at the end of a hearing on Thursday. Kenyatta defeated opposition leader Raila Odinga in August but Odinga challenged the election and the court voided it citing procedural irregularities and ordered a fresh vote. The court s decision was the first of its kind in Africa. Odinga boycotted last month s poll, saying the election commission had failed to carry out sufficient reforms. Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote. Lawyers for the petitioners, a former lawmaker and two human rights activists, urged the court to nullify the repeat poll due to a lack of fresh nominations for candidates and violence in some areas that prevented voting. Their counterparts for the election board, its chairman and Kenyatta, rejected the petition and urged the court to uphold the result to help end a crisis that has hurt the economy. The Supreme Court was created by a 2010 constitution that followed a crisis over a disputed election in 2007 in which around 1,200 people were killed in ethnic clashes. Analysts said the September ruling by the Supreme Court could embolden other judiciaries in Africa. This month, Liberia s Supreme Court halted a presidential run-off until the election board investigates claims of fraud in the first round of voting. ",1
14640,U.S.-backed Syria forces say Turkey pressured commander into defecting,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a leading combatant against Islamic State, on Thursday accused Turkey of pressuring one of its senior commanders into defecting.   Rebel officials said on Wednesday Brigadier General Talal Silo had defected, without giving a reason. It would be the first such departure from the SDF s top ranks. There was no comment from Turkey, which backs Syrian rebel factions and views the SDF, spearheaded by the Kurdish YPG militia, as a security threat.  Silo served as a spokesman for the SDF, an alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias battling Islamic State in Syria with the help of the U.S.-led coalition. The SDF said in a statement they had  lost contact  with Silo, who had resigned from his post.   General Talal Silo was respected and appreciated among our ranks,  it said.  He was subjected to a lot of pressure and extortion from the side of the Turkish state, that amounted at some points to threatening his sons who are in Turkey.   We believe his disappearance is the result of a special operation by Turkish intelligence in collusion with some of his family members.   Kurdish fighters, alongside Arab allies, U.S. advisers and coalition air strikes, have driven Islamic State from swathes of territory including its former headquarters in Raqqa city. The YPG and its allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north, and now control nearly a quarter of Syria. Their influence angers neighboring Turkey, which considers the YPG an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers  Party, which has fought a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil. The U.S.-led coalition had said it was  aware of reports of Talal Silo s apparent departure from the SDF, but have no further details on his current status at this time .  Our forces will not be affected by this incident, and we will inform the public of the results of our investigation,  the SDF said on Thursday.  ",1
14641,Russia names nine U.S.-backed news outlets likely to be labeled 'foreign agents',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Thursday named nine U.S. government-sponsored news outlets likely to be labeled  foreign agents  under a new law  that is being rushed through parliament in response to what Moscow says is unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. Russia s lower house of parliament approved the law - allowing Moscow to force foreign media to brand news they provide to Russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources - on Wednesday. The legislation needs approval from the upper house of parliament, which is likely to happen next week, and the signature of President Vladimir Putin before it becomes law. The Russian Justice Ministry on Thursday published a list of nine U.S.-backed news outlets that it said could be affected by the changes, which it said in a statement on its website were likely to become law  in the near future.  It said it had written to the U.S. government-sponsored Voice of America (VOA) and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL), along with seven separate Russian or local-language news outlets run by RFE/RL. One of the seven outlets provides news on Crimea, which Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014, one on Siberia, and one on the predominantly Muslim North Caucasus region. Another covers provincial Russia, one is an online TV station, another covers the mostly Muslim region of Tatarstan, and the other is a news portal that fact-checks the statements of Russian officials. Russia s broadside against U.S. media is part of the fallout from allegations that the Kremlin interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year in favor of Donald Trump. U.S. intelligence officials accuse the Kremlin of using Russian media organizations it finances to influence U.S. voters, and this week Washington required Russian state broadcaster RT to register a U.S.-based affiliate company as a  foreign agent .  The Kremlin denies meddling in the election and has said the restrictions on Russian broadcasters in the United States amount to an attack on free speech. The new media law in Russia is retaliation, it says.  The draft legislation states that Russian authorities can designate foreign media as  foreign agents , making them subject to the same requirements that are applied to foreign-funded non-governmental organizations under a 2012 law. Under that law,  foreign agents  must include in any information they publish or broadcast to Russian audiences a mention of their  foreign agent  designation. They also must apply for inclusion in a government register, submit regular reports on their sources of funding, on their objectives, on how they spend their money, and who their managers are. They can be subject to spot checks by the authorities to make sure they comply with the rules, according to the 2012 law, which has forced some NGOs to close. RFE/RL said in a statement it did not want to speculate what steps Russia might take against it next, and looked forward to continuing its journalistic work. VOA Director Amanda Bennett has said the station remains committed to providing independent news to global audiences. ",1
14642,"Suspicious object found with body in Stockholm not dangerous, police say","STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A man was found dead on Thursday in a flat in a Stockholm suburb with a  package with cables taped to the body , the Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet reported, citing sources.  Stockholm police spokeswoman Eva Nilsson confirmed that police had found a body and a suspicious object, but later she said it had been determined the object was not dangerous and police did not believe a crime had been committed. ",1
14643,Saudi foreign minister says message to Iran is: 'enough is enough',"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir said on Thursday the kingdom s actions in the Middle East were a response to what he called the  aggression  of Iran. Long-standing arch-rivals, Riyadh and Tehran are waging a contest for power on several fronts across the region, notably in Yemen and Lebanon.  Any way you look at it, they (the Iranians) are the ones who are acting in an aggressive manner. We are reacting to that aggression and saying,  Enough is enough. We re not going to let you do this anymore , Jubeir told Reuters in an interview. He said Saudi Arabia was consulting its allies about what leverage to use against Lebanese Shi ite militant group Hezbollah   an Iranian ally   to end its dominance in the small Mediterranean nation and intervention in other countries.  We will make the decision when the time comes,  he said, declining to detail what options were under consideration. Jubeir said Hezbollah, which he described as a subsidiary of Iran s Revolutionary Guard, must disarm and become a political party for Lebanon to stabilize.  Whenever we see a problem, we see Hezbollah act as an arm or agent of Iran and this has to come to an end,  he said after meeting his French counterpart in Riyadh. Saad al-Hariri, a Saudi ally, resigned as Lebanon s prime minister on Nov. 4, citing an assassination plot and accusing Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the region.  In Yemen, where Saudi Arabia is involved in a two-year-old war and has been criticized for blocking humanitarian aid, Jubeir accused the Iran-aligned Houthis of besieging civilian areas and preventing supplies from coming in or out.  That s why you have the starvation that s taking place in Yemen and people need to do a more serious job of holding Houthis accountable for this,  he said. Jubeir said domestic anti-corruption investigations which have netted senior princes, officials and businessmen in the past two weeks were ongoing.",1
14644,Britain preparing to transfer 400 million pounds to Iran - Telegraph newspaper,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is preparing to transfer over 400 million pounds ($527 million) to Iran as it seeks the release of a jailed Iranian-British aid worker, The Telegraph newspaper reported, citing unidentified British sources. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Britain has sought legal advice over whether it could transfer the funds which it owes as a result of a disputed arms deal in the 1970s. Diplomats told the newspaper that any payment should not be linked to the fate of Zaghari-Ratcliffe. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters. It operates independently of Reuters News.  A spokesman for Britain s Foreign Office could not be reached for comment out of normal business hours. ",1
14645,Iran factions use earthquake relief effort to pursue power struggle,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Political infighting among Iran s ruling elite has moved on to a new battleground - the relief effort after an earthquake that killed at least 530 people and injured thousands. Hardline media are accusing the government of pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani of reacting too slowly to last weekend s quake, while highlighting aid work by the Revolutionary Guards - a rival power center. While the government said enough help had been sent to the thousands of people left homeless by the devastation, media affiliated to Rouhani s hardline rivals painted a different picture with reports from villages where survivors complained about a lack of shelter from the bitter cold. Rouhani allies say this reflects a long-running struggle between the president and those who oppose his drive to boost the economy by improving relations with the outside world, notably through sealing a nuclear deal with world powers.  Rouhani is very popular,  one Rouhani ally told Reuters.  It is so sad to see that even under these sad circumstances when we need unity, they are attacking his government and trying to say that the government is incompetent to help people.  Shortly after the magnitude 7.3 quake, Iran s worst in more than a decade, state TV aired scenes from the devastated villages in the western Kermanshah province.  Iran has so far declined offers of foreign assistance, saying planeloads of tents, blankets, mattresses and emergency food rations had arrived in areas where at least 30,000 houses have been damaged and several villages completely destroyed.  The hardline semi-official Tasnim and Fars news agencies both carried reports of the role of the Revolutionary Guards - an elite force loyal to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei - and its affiliated Basij militia force in helping the survivors. Khamenei has called on the state agencies to speed up their efforts.  This disaster is a test for authorities to perform their duties,  he said on Tuesday. His representative, cleric Abdolhossein Moezi, told state TV after visiting Kermanshah province that more relief was needed. Editorials in hardline newspapers adopted a sharp tone, accusing the government of failing to learn the lessons of the Bam earthquake in 2003, in which 31,000 people were killed.  State TV covered how the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) had restored some degree of normality in one of the worst hit towns, Sarpol-e Zahab.  Immediately after the quake, the IRGC rushed to the area to help,  said Brigadier General Hossein Salami, deputy head of the Guards.  We set up shelters, field clinics ... We will not leave until all survivors have a permanent shelter. Our commanders have been working around the clock.  Commanders of the IRGC, which also runs a business empire in Iran, have repeatedly criticized Rouhani s failure to improve the economy despite the official lifting last year of most international sanctions under the 2015 nuclear deal.  In some areas, no building was left standing, elsewhere, survivors have left homes that remain standing, fearing they could come crashing down due to aftershocks. Houses in poor Iranian villages are often made of concrete blocks or mudbrick that can quickly crumble and collapse. Many of the heavily damaged buildings in Sarpol-e Zahab were part of an affordable housing scheme, initiated in 2011 by Rouhani s hardline predecessor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.  Angry survivors said the low-quality construction in the Mehr scheme had caused the high death toll in the town, nestled in the Zagros Mountains along the border with Iraq. Rouhani has ordered an investigation.  It s clear there has been corruption in construction contracts,  he told a cabinet meeting on Wednesday, state media reported.  Anyone responsible will be punished.  Ahmadinejad s adviser Ali Akbar Javanfekr denounced the accusations.  Heavy waves of propaganda against Mehr are aimed at covering up the weakness and inefficiency of the (Rouhani) administration in helping quake-hit people,  he said. Major towns and cities in the Kermanshah province appeared to have escaped heavy damage, witnesses said, while many villages were destroyed.   My mother told me to buy yogurt for dinner .... As soon as I left the house everything started to collapse,  13-year-old   Dozan told Reuters by telephone from Sarpol-e Zahab.  I ran back but my parents and sisters were dead - only rubble and dust and no home.   Rouhani has promised more help and low-interest loans to survivors to rebuild their collapsed homes. State TV showed Iranians around the country gathering goods and warm clothes and blankets for the survivors.  We need shelter ... it is getting colder. They have distributed some tents but it was not enough,  Ahmad Irandust, 75, told Reuters from Salas Babajani village by telephone. He said his children have slept outdoor in the freezing cold since Sunday.  Don t leave us alone. Don t forget us.   ",1
14646,French president's party hit by defections as it picks leader,"PARIS (Reuters) - A revolt by 100 members of French President Emmanuel Macron s governing party has exposed tensions in the fledgling movement as it prepares to elect a leader handpicked by him on Saturday. Created about 18 months ago when Macron was still relatively unknown, En Marche s membership has risen quickly to 360,000   membership is free   but retaining members could be harder as his popularity has waned following his rise to power. The activists who quit this week said the party that helped Macron, a centrist, triumph in this year s presidential election and then won a parliamentary majority had become less open and lost its appeal as a movement that would do things differently. The number of defectors is small, and none is a lawmaker, but their complaints underline the challenges 51-year old government spokesman Christophe Castaner will face as party chief.  We need to reinvent our political movement,  Castaner, the only candidate, told party members ahead of Saturday s party congress.  That is key to accompany the reforms carried out by the government and parliament.  A Socialist for about three decades until he backed Macron s election bid, and a former lawmaker from southeastern France, Castaner will aim to change what opinion polls show is Macron s image of a  president of the rich.  He will also set out to transform En Marche (LREM) into a more established party with the strength and depth required to compete in the next local and national elections.  The next ballot, for the European Parliament, is in 2019 and local elections will be in 2020 at the earliest.   Although mocked as an empty shell by rivals from long established parties, En Marche attracted many newcomers to politics and quickly proved effective in propelling the former economy minister of Socialist President Francois Hollande into the presidency. Supporters set up more than 3,000 local committees across France in the months leading to the presidential election, helping make up for Macron s disadvantage of not having an army of elected officials to promote his candidacy. But some of those who joined En Marche with high hopes now say there is a lack of democracy in the party.  Castaner s election shows an autocratic way of doing things,  said Tiphaine Beaulieu, one of the members who quit this week and issued a strongly worded statement condemning what En Marche has become. Complaining that Castaner is the only leadership candidate, she said arrogance and a lack of democracy were now features of how the party worked.  Opposition parties have also criticized En Marche, and taken Macron to task over the fact that Castaner may keep his role as junior minister for relations with parliament when he becomes party chief.    So the new world according to Macron is choosing (your party leader) alone in your Elysee office,  Socialist lawmaker Luc Carvounas wrote on Twitter, referring to the president s official residence, the Elysee Palace in Paris. Forty-eight percent of voters trust Macron with pursuing the right policies for France, a Harris Interactive poll showed last month, a drop from 57 percent in the same survey when he was elected in May. En Marche officials say that over the last six months, En Marche has gained about 160,000 new members, so the loss of 100 activists is not a significant number.  Once the euphoria of victory has passed, it is quite normal that some may have the blues a bit,  said Laurent Saint-Martin, a 32-year old lawmaker who was not involved in politics before he joined LREM.  But activists are still here. The question is simply how we work together,  he said.  The party was built for the presidential and parliamentary election, many have left to become lawmakers or work in government, so it is normal that we should reconstruct it.  ",1
14647,Hanson's 'battler bus' takes the anti-immigrant road in Australia,"TOWNSVILLE, Australia (Reuters) - It was early morning last Thursday when Pauline Hanson s rented  battler  bus started hissing so loudly the election campaign was halted at a petrol station on a stretch of desolate highway near a remote edge of Australia. Unable to get to the rural Queensland state voters she is relying on to deliver her anti-immigration One Nation party its best result in two decades, her supporters came to her. Stranded near the gemstone-mine town of Marlborough, with a population of just a few hundred, Hanson was approached by truckers and travelers, most seeking to get a picture taken with her.  I was actually stopping to get something to eat, and as I was looking across I went,  Oh there s the  battler  bus, I ll have to go say hello to Pauline,  said truck driver Shane Williams, who came over to look at the engine.  I think immigration is a big thing for everybody. I think it s going to be a good thing if Pauline gets some say in parliament   keep the bastards honest.  Hanson is not a candidate in the Queensland state election on Nov. 25, having last year re-entered the federal parliament on a wave of popular support after a near two-decade absence.   But her face is on almost every One Nation party billboard and flyer in Queensland s coal-rich and sugar cane-growing heartland, turning the vote into a test of whether Hanson s resurgence continues, or is pushed back to the fringes.     To Australia s most prominent right-wing nationalist it s not about joining a global populist push; it s that the rest of the world is finally catching up.  I was espousing a lot of this 20 years ago,  Hanson told Reuters in the sunny tropical town of Townsville, a gateway to the Great Barrier Reef marine park.  U.S. President Donald Trump s election victory a year ago, however,  is resonating across the world,  she added.  This is definitely the start. People are starting to wake up. You see people had no one else really to vote for.       With its blown turbo hose fixed, Hanson s bus rolled down the road, three hours behind schedule, stopping at several towns before arriving at a town hall-style event that evening more than 400 kilometers (249 miles) away. Hanson s town halls are a mix of stump speech and off-the-cuff observations, usually involving  battler  stories she s heard from locals on the campaign trail: Claims that foreigners are buying up agricultural land and immigrants are not paying taxes; complaints about crippling energy prices and government handouts to Aboriginals; support for a ban on Muslim migrants. Hanson s rhetoric can be blunt, and draws almost instant condemnation in the cities, where she s often viewed as extreme. But in her rural heartland, where one town can be in drought while another gets hit by cyclonic floods, she is the mainstream.   She s the only one trying to save our country really,  said 20-year-old Jack Roach in Proserpine, a sugar-cane town of 3,500 in Queensland. Polls suggest One Nation might take around 20 percent of the popular vote in Queensland, Australia s third-most populous state, and situated in the northeast. That would mark its biggest electoral success since the 1990s. It s unclear, however, whether that will translate into more than a handful of seats among the 93 parliamentary seats at stake in the election. On the hustings, support appears very strong in towns beyond the black stump - a colloquial term in Australia to describe remote areas - as well as coal-producing areas and sugar cane fields. More vigorous opposition to Hanson s policies comes from more tourist-dependent coastal areas.     To her supporters, Hanson is the plain-speaking, anti-politician who can shake up the Liberal-National and Labor political establishment in Australia.  She speaks like us,  said 24-year-old carpenter Brodie Tophan, who works south of the coastal town of Bowen and approached Hanson for a  selfie .  People call us racist, but we are just telling it like it is.  Australia s modern far right movement was born in 1996 in the city of Ipswich, an inland river port and former coal mining center in Queensland, where Hanson made an unlikely but successful run for political office while managing a fish and chip shop. After using her maiden speech in parliament to warn the country would be  swamped by Asians , she co-founded the One Nation party. It enjoyed early electoral success, before imploding over infighting. The party power struggle and Hanson s 11-week imprisonment for electoral fraud in 2003 - eventually quashed - halted her momentum, and she spent years struggling to regain her once formidable connection to voters. Labor parliamentarian Jennifer Howard, who is contesting the seat of Ipswich, said the mainly white area that fostered Hanson s rise in the 1990s has given way to a more diverse population that will hinder One Nation s success. Howard said she used to take her children to Hanson s shop in the late 1980s.  My daughter used to say to me,  Why is that lady always so angry?  Hanson s rage against her political foes looks likely to continue until a better advocate of her nationalist policies emerges. That is yet to happen, with past changes to the party leadership proving unsuccessful, and newer right-wing parties  unable to attract anywhere near Hanson s popular support. Moreover, an overtly anti-immigration party is swimming against the demographic tide: Census data shows one-in-three Australians today were born overseas, compared to one-in-five  20 years ago. That s evident even at Hanson s old fish and chip shop, now run by Vietnamese immigrant Thanh Huynh, who described her as  interesting  without disclosing who she would vote for. The shop s menu offers most of the same items Hanson used to make, including dagwood dogs - or corn dogs - but has some imported ideas, including Vietnamese spring rolls. ",1
14648,Zimbabwe's Tsvangirai calls on Mugabe to resign,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said on Thursday President Robert Mugabe should resign in the interest of the country after the military seized power. Mugabe is insisting he remains Zimbabwe s only legitimate ruler and has balked at mediation by a Catholic priest to allow the 93-year-old former guerrilla a graceful exit after a military coup, sources said on Thursday.  In the interest of the people, Mr. Robert Mugabe must resign and step down immediately,  Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, told a news conference, reading from a statement. ",1
14649,Kremlin says to host Syria summit with officials from Iran and Turkey,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday Russia would host a Syria summit on Nov. 22 involving officials from Iran and Turkey. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said reporters on a conference call the summit would be held in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi.  ... We are talking about the countries that are the guarantors of the Syrian peace process, the agenda is Syria,  said Peskov. ",1
14650,Turkey detains 136 for suspected ties to coup plotters: agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey detained 136 people, including former police, teachers and soldiers, in four separate operations on Thursday over suspected links to last year s attempted military coup, the state-run Anadolu news agency said. Authorities detained 60 former security officials in the operation centered in the capital Ankara and spread over 30 provinces, Anadolu said. In a separate operation that began on Wednesday and centered on Diyarbakir and spread over 26 other provinces, 55 soldiers were detained, Anadolu said. Officials were still searching for one more suspect. Six others were detained in the northern provinces of Samsun and Karabuk, as well as 15 teachers in Ankara, Anadolu said. The suspects were alleged to be using the encrypted messaging app, ByLock, which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. Ankara blames Gulen, for orchestrating the failed coup in July 2016. Gulen has denied involvement and denounced the putsch. More than 50,000 people, including police, military personnel and civil servants, have been jailed pending trial in the aftermath of the July 2016 coup. Some 150,000 people were sacked or suspended. The crackdown has alarmed Turkey s Western allies and rights groups, who say President Tayyip Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to muzzle dissent. The government says the measures, taken under emergency rule that was imposed after the coup, are necessary due to the security threats Turkey faces. ",1
14651,Lebanese president said Hariri will visit Paris on Saturday: politician,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun said on Thursday that Saad al-Hariri will arrive in Paris on Saturday with his family, where he will remain for a few days before coming to Beirut, a Lebanese politician said in a statement after meeting Aoun. Hariri announced his resignation as Lebanese prime minister in a televised broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4 and has not returned to Beirut since. Aoun has said Hariri must return and submit his resignation in person. (This version of the story corrects source in headline) ",1
14652,Italy's PD drops fast in polls after Sicily flop,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s ruling Democratic Party (PD) has lost support following its flop in a regional election in Sicily, while Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) has gained ground, according to a poll released on Thursday. National elections must be held by next May, with all recent opinion polls suggesting that it will end in a hung parliament. IXE pollsters said backing for the center-left PD, which is led by former prime minister Matteo Renzi, dropped to 23.8 percent, down 3.6 percentage points from its last survey in mid-October. The PD slump enabled the maverick 5-Star Movement to establish itself firmly as Italy s most popular party, climbing to 27.9 percent from a previous 27.2 percent. Forza Italia moved into third spot, rising to 15.5 percent from 13.6 percent and jumping ahead of its long-time ally, the far-right Northern League, which dropped 1.6 percentage points to 13.5 percent. Under the terms of an electoral law approved last month, which allows the creation of multi-party coalitions ahead of the national elections, the center-right bloc is expected to emerge from the ballot box as the biggest single force. The bloc won a regional vote in Sicily on Nov. 5, with the victory seen as a personal triumph for Berlusconi, who used the ballot to revive his political career after years of graft trials, sex scandals and ill-health. The 5-Star came second on the Mediterranean island, with the PD limping in a distant third. Renzi s party has been beset by feuding and looks unlikely to reach any pre-election pact with myriad leftist groups, which have accused him of pushing the PD too far to the left. The IXE poll suggested the center-right would take a combined 33.8 percent of the vote. The bloc leaders have said whichever party wins the most votes will decide who should be its prime ministerial candidate. ",1
14653,"Zimbabwe's army seizes power, Mugabe confined but ""safe""","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s military seized power on Wednesday saying it was holding President Robert Mugabe and his family safe while targeting  criminals  in the entourage of the man who has ruled the nation since independence 37 years ago. Soldiers seized the state broadcaster and a general appeared on television to announce the takeover. Armored vehicles blocked roads to the main government offices, parliament and the courts in central Harare, while taxis ferried commuters to work nearby. The atmosphere in the capital remained calm. In his first contact with the outside world since the takeover, Mugabe spoke by telephone to the president of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, and told him he was confined to his home but fine, the South African presidency said in a statement. It was not clear whether the apparent military coup would bring a formal end to the 93-year-old Mugabe s rule; the main goal of the generals appeared to be preventing Mugabe s wife Grace, 41 years his junior, from succeeding him. But whether or not he goes, it may mark the end of the country s dominance by Mugabe, the last of Africa s state founders still in power from the era of the struggle against colonialism, and one of the continent s most polarizing figures. Mugabe, still seen by many Africans as a liberation hero, is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power destroyed one of Africa s most promising states. He plunged Zimbabwe into a fresh political crisis last week by firing his vice president and presumed successor. The generals believed that move was aimed at clearing a path for Grace Mugabe to take over and announced on Monday they were prepared to  step in  if purges of their allies did not end.  We are only targeting criminals around him (Mugabe) who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country in order to bring them to justice,  Major General SB Moyo, Chief of Staff Logistics, said on television.  As soon as we have accomplished our mission, we expect that the situation will return to normalcy.  In a sign Grace Mugabe s allies were coming under pressure, the head of the ruling party s youth wing, Kudzanai Chipanga, appeared on state TV on Wednesday evening to apologize for comments he had made criticizing the army a day earlier. He said he was speaking voluntarily. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, the African Union and Western countries called for calm.  South Africa s defense and state security ministers flew into Harare to try to arrange talks between Mugabe and the generals, South African media reported without going into further details.  We cannot tell how developments in Zimbabwe will play out in the days ahead and we do not know whether this marks the downfall of Mugabe or not,  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson told parliament.  We will do all we can, with our international partners, to ensure this provides a genuine opportunity for all Zimbabweans to decide their future.  Finance Minister Ignatius Chombo, a leading member of the ruling party s  G40  faction, led by Grace Mugabe, had been detained by the military, a government source said.     By Wednesday afternoon it was business as usual in Harare s suburbs while there was less traffic than normal in the city center. Residents spoke in awe of events that had previously seemed unthinkable.  I don t support the army but I am happy to see Mugabe gone, maybe this country can start to develop again,  said Rumbi Katepfu, preparing to shut her mobile phone shop early in downtown Harare.  I did not think this would ever happen... We used to think Mugabe and Grace were invincible.  As evening fell there were fewer people on the streets than usual. In one park, a lone couple shared a chocolate bar, seemingly unconcerned by the presence of troops.  What s there to fear? This is a free country,  said Nathan Mpariwa, stroking the hand of his partner. Tanks blocked roads after dark and soldiers with automatic weapons kept up their patrols, but made no effort to stop people streaming home from work. Whatever the final outcome, the events could signal a once-in-a-generation change for the southern African nation, once a regional bread-basket, reduced to destitution by an economic crisis Mugabe s opponents have long blamed on him. Even many of Mugabe s most loyal supporters had come to oppose the rise of his wife, who courted the powerful youth wing of the ruling party but alienated the military, led by Mugabe s former guerrilla comrades from the 1970s independence struggle.  This is a correction of a state that was careening off the cliff,  Chris Mutsvangwa, the leader of the liberation war veterans, told Reuters.  It s the end of a very painful and sad chapter in the history of a young nation, in which a dictator, as he became old, surrendered his court to a gang of thieves around his wife.  The opposition Movement for Democratic Change called for a peaceful return to constitutional democracy, adding it hoped the military intervention would lead to the  establishment of a stable, democratic and progressive nation state .  Zuma - speaking on behalf of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) - expressed hope there would be no unconstitutional changes, and urged Zimbabwe s government and the military  to resolve the political impasse amicably . While most African states gained independence by the end of the 1960s, Zimbabwe remained one of the last European colonies on the continent, ruled by white settlers as Rhodesia until 1980. Mugabe took power after a long guerrilla struggle, and two decades later ordered the forcible seizure of white-owned farms. The collapse in output that followed was one of the worst economic depressions of modern times. By 2007-2008 inflation topped out at 500 billion percent. Mugabe blamed Britain and the United States for sabotaging the country to bring it to heel. His followers used violence to suppress a growing domestic opposition he branded lackeys of former colonial powers. The economy briefly stabilized from 2010-2014 when Mugabe was forced to accept a power-sharing government with the opposition, but since then the recovery has unraveled. In the last year, a chronic shortage of dollars has led to long queues outside banks. Imported goods are running out and economists say that by some measures inflation is now at 50 percent a month. The economic implosion has destabilized the region, sending millions of poor laborers to neighboring South Africa.  It s an amazing thing that is happening. It was about time but it might be 20 years too late,  said Billy, 30, a Zimbabwean working as a marketing officer in South Africa. Asked if he would return to Zimbabwe if the economy was revived, he said:  Definitely, there is no place like home.  The political crisis came to a head last week when Mugabe sacked his presumed heir, Vice President Emerson Mnangagwa, a long-serving former leader of the security forces nicknamed  the Crocodile  for his role as Mugabe s enforcer over the decades. The head of the military held a news conference with top brass on Monday threatening to  step in  if the purge of veterans continued. Soldiers deployed across Harare on Tuesday and seized the state broadcaster after Mugabe s ruling party accused the military chief of treason. According to a trove of intelligence documents reviewed by Reuters this year, Mnangagwa has been planning to revitalize the economy by bringing back white farmers kicked off their land and patching up relations with the World Bank and IMF. ",1
14654,Youth leader of Zimbabwe's ruling party apologizes to military on state TV,"HARARE (Reuters) - The head of the youth wing of Zimbabwe s ruling party on Wednesday publicly apologized on state television to the military, which has seized power saying it aims to isolate  criminals  in President Robert Mugabe s entourage.  Kudzai Chipanga, whose powerful ZANU-PF youth wing has been a strong supporter of Mugabe and his wife Grace, said he had voluntarily given his statement apologizing for denigrating defense forces chief General Constantino Chiwenga. It was an abrupt about-face for Chipanga, who on Tuesday accused the army chief of subverting the constitution.   Defending the revolution and our leader and president is an ideal we live for and if need be it is a principle we are prepared to die for,  Chipanga had said at the party s headquarters in Harare. ",1
14655,Two Turkish soldiers killed in northern Iraq: Turkish military,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Two Turkish soldiers were killed and one was wounded on Thursday in northern Iraq s Avasin Basyan region by Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants, Turkey s military said. Separately, four militants were killed in the southeastern Turkish province of Tunceli, Dogan news agency said. A ceasefire between the Turkish state and PKK militants broke down in July 2015 and southeast Turkey subsequently saw some of the worst violence since the group launched its insurgency in 1984. More than 40,000 people, mostly Kurds, have been killed in the conflict. The PKK is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. ",1
14656,Factbox: Likely players in potential post-coup Zimbabwe unity government,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s army appears to be pushing for a quick and bloodless end to 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe s 37 years in power, to be replaced by a national unity government headed by his former deputy, Emmerson Mnangagwa. According to political sources in Harare, Mugabe - now under house arrest in his lavish Harare home - was resisting pressure to stand down voluntarily. [nL8N1NM1N9] Assuming he does, the following are likely to be key players in the expected settlement, according to political sources in Zimbabwe and South Africa and several years of Zimbabwean intelligence documents seen by Reuters: EMMERSON MNANGAGWA (LIKELY PRESIDENT) - A lifelong Mugabe aide and 1970s liberation war veteran known as  The Crocodile , Mnangagwa, 75, was in the pole position to succeed Mugabe until his progress was impeded by the dramatic political ascent of Mugabe s wife, Grace. His sacking as vice-president this month cleared a path for Grace to the presidency and appears to have been the trigger for the army to step in to advance its preferred successor. MORGAN TSVANGIRAI (LIKELY PRIME MINISTER) - A former union leader who founded the Movement for Democratic Change in the late 1990s, Tsvangirai, 65, has been Mugabe s main political rival for two decades. He served as prime minister in a 2009-2013 unity government formed after violence-ridden elections in 2008. Tsvangirai has been undergoing treatment for cancer outside Zimbabwe but returned to Harare late on Wednesday. CONSTANTINO CHIWENGA (POSSIBLE VICE-PRESIDENT) - As the military chief who pulled the trigger on the coup, Chiwenga is expected to win a senior role in the interim administration. Chiwenga, 61, who has served in the armed forces since Zimbabwe s independence in 1980, was sanctioned by the United States and European Union although the latter removed him from its list of restricted individuals in 2014. JOICE MUJURU (POSSIBLE VICE-PRESIDENT) - A liberation war veteran with the nom de guerre  Spill Blood , Mujuru, 62, formed her own political party after being ousted as vice-president in 2014. Her husband, Solomon Mujuru, a general who died in suspicious circumstances in 2011, was regarded as one of the most feared men in Zimbabwe and one of the few people capable of challenging Mugabe. DUMISO DABENGWA (POSSIBLE VICE-PRESIDENT) - Moscow-trained Dabengwa, 77, nicknamed  The Black Russian , fought in the 1970s anti-colonial struggle for ZIPRA (Zimbabwe People s Liberation Army), a rival to Mugabe s ZANLA (Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army). His incorporation in any unity government would ensure it represented both wings of the liberation struggle. TENDAI BITI (POSSIBLE FINANCE MINISTER) - A lawyer by training, Biti, 51, won international plaudits as finance minister in the 2009-2013 government that stabilized the imploding economy. He told Reuters he would be happy to reprise this role if Tsvangirai, his former political mentor, was on board. ",1
14657,'Missing' British film maker sighted in Papua New Guinea,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A British explorer reported missing while searching for a remote tribe in Papua New Guinea has been spotted next to an airstrip and is awaiting evacuation, a friend said on Thursday.  Benedict Allen, a documentary film maker, left last month to seek an isolated tribe, the Yaifo, in the north of the remote and rural South Pacific country of Papua New Guinea, but took no means of communication and left no evacuation plan or destination, his friend, Frank Gardner, told Reuters.    According to his blog, Allen aimed to be back in Britain by mid-November.  Don t try to rescue me, please - where I m going in PNG you won t ever find me you know,  he wrote on Twitter on Oct. 11. But after he missed a flight home last weekend, friends and family raised the alarm.  Benedict Allen is not out of danger yet. He is currently marooned in a remote part of Papua New Guinea that is only reachable by air after all the road bridges were cut due to tribal fighting,  Gardner, who is also the BBC s security correspondent, told Reuters.   Urgent efforts are now under way to try to airlift him out as soon as possible in case fighting erupts around him.  Gardner had earlier told the BBC that a PNG tribal commission had been looking for Allen and that he had been sighted by an airstrip. Reuters was unable to independently confirm the sighting.   Allen, who calls himself an  adventurer  on his website, describes being  beaten daily for six weeks  on a previous trip to PNG as part of an initiation ritual.  He also describes trekking a remote section of the Amazon,  during which, dying of starvation and malaria , he was forced to eat his dog. ",1
14658,Tehran says no link between Britain's debt to Iran and jailed dual national's case: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran rejected as  wrong  some British media reports linking a 400 million pound ($528 million) debt Britain owed to Iran and the fate of a jailed Iranian-British aid worker, state TV reported on Thursday.  These are two separate matters ... Linking them is wrong. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been tried and sentenced to jail,  TV quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying. ",1
14659,U.S. has told Turkey jailed gold trader in good condition: deputy PM,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The United States has told Turkey that jailed gold trader Reza Zarrab is in good medical condition, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Thursday. Bozdag was speaking a day after Turkey asked U.S. authorities about Zarrab, who is awaiting trial in the United States on charges of evading U.S. sanctions on Iran. Last week the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons website showed that Zarrab had been released, but a U.S. spokesman said on Monday that he remained in federal custody. ",1
14660,Cambodia PM Hun Sen says 2018 election will go ahead,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said in a statement broadcast on state television and Facebook on Thursday a general election planned for 2018 will go ahead, hours after the country s Supreme Court banned the main opposition party.  The elections will go as normal,  Hun Sen said. ",1
14661,"Tillerson, in Myanmar, calls for credible probe of atrocities","NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on Wednesday for a credible investigation into reports of human rights abuses against Rohingya Muslims committed by Myanmar s security forces after a meeting with its civilian and military leaders. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since late August, driven out by a military counter-insurgency clearance operation in Buddhist-majority Myanmar s Rakhine State.  A top U.N. official has described the military s actions as a textbook case of  ethnic cleansing .  We re deeply concerned by credible reports of widespread atrocities committed by Myanmar s security forces and by vigilantes who were unrestrained by the security forces during the recent violence in Rakhine State,  Tillerson told a joint news conference with Aung San Suu Kyi, the head of a civilian administration that is less than two years old and shares power with the military. Tillerson had earlier held separate talks with Myanmar s military chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, whose forces have been accused of atrocities. A senior U.N. official on Sunday leveled allegations of mass rape, killings and torture against the Myanmar military, known as the Tatmadaw, after a tour of refugee camps in the Cox s Bazar region of neighboring Bangladesh. Tillerson called for the Myanmar government to lead a credible and impartial investigation and said those who committed abuses should be held responsible.  The recent serious allegations of abuses in Rakhine state demand a credible and impartial investigation and those who commit human rights abuses or violations must be held accountable,  he said.  In all my meetings, I have called on the Myanmar civilian government to lead a full and effective independent investigation and for the military to facilitate full access and cooperation.  He also said it was the duty of the military to help the government to meet commitments to ensure the safety and security of all people in Rakhine state. A posting on Min Aung Hlaing s Facebook page said Myanmar s military supremo had explained to Tillerson the  true situation in Rakhine , the reasons why Muslims fled, how the military was working with the government to deliver aid and the progress made for a repatriation process to be agreed with Bangladesh. The military launched its clearance operation after an army base and 30 police posts were attacked on Aug. 25 by Rohingya militants, killing about a dozen members of the security forces. Tillerson condemned the militant attacks, but said any response by the security forces needed to avoid to the  maximum extent possible harming innocent civilians . An internal investigation by the military into the  allegations of atrocities that was released this week was branded a  whitewash  by human rights groups. Back in Washington, U.S. senators are pressing for economic sanctions and travel restrictions targeting the Myanmar military and its business interests. Tillerson said he would advise against any broad-based sanctions against Myanmar, as the United States wanted to see it succeed. But he said if there was credible and reliable information on abuses by individuals they could be targeted by sanctions. Tillerson said the United States would work with partners so that those responsible for any atrocities would face consequences,  using all available mechanisms, including those available under U.S. law . Myanmar is undergoing a transition to democracy after decades of rule by the military, but the generals retain extensive powers over security and a veto over reform of a constitution that has barred Suu Kyi from the presidency.  Myanmar s response to this crisis is critical to determining the success of its transition to a more democratic society,  Tillerson said.   It s a responsibility of the government and its security forces to protect and respect the human rights of all persons within its borders and to hold accountable those who fail to do so.  He said the United States would provide an additional $47 million in humanitarian assistance for refugees bringing the total to $87 million since the crisis erupted in August.  The humanitarian scale of this crisis is staggering,  Tillerson said. But he said he was encouraged by talks between Myanmar and Bangladesh to agree on a refugee repatriation process. During the news conference, Suu Kyi was asked to explain why she had not spoken out more strongly over the plight of the Rohingya, as the Nobel peace prize winner s perceived failure to speak up has damaged her international reputation as a stateswoman.  What I say is not supposed to be exciting,  Suu Kyi said, adding that she had aimed to keep the public informed without setting different ethnic, religious communities against each other.  It s important to bring peace and stability to this country and that can only be done on the basis of rule of law and everybody should understand that the role of theirs is to protect peace and stability, not to punish people.     ",1
14662,Abducted Swiss aid worker freed in Sudan's Darfur,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - A 72-year-old Swiss aid worker was freed by security forces early on Wednesday more than a month after she was abducted in Sudan s Darfur region, officials said. Margaret Schenkel later flew back to the capital Khartoum, but did not give details of her ordeal to waiting journalists. She was kidnapped on Oct. 7 in the main city in North Darfur region, El Fasher, a hub for relief workers and U.N./African Union peacekeepers. Security forces launched an operation to free her from a rural area where she was being held outside the southern town of Kutum, a spokesman for the regional government said. The leader and one member of the six-man kidnapping gang had been arrested, Sudan s foreign ministry spokesman, Qarib al-Khidr, said. Neither Switzerland nor Sudan paid a ransom, he added. Khartoum has been at war with rebel groups in Darfur since 2003, but much of the conflict has descended into banditry and gangs have kidnapped people for ransom. The Swiss foreign ministry thanked Sudan for its help in freeing Schenkel. Officials have not named her aid group. ",1
14663,May's spokesman says report UK will raise Brexit bill offer is speculation,"LONDON (Reuters) - A newspaper report that British Prime Minister Theresa May is preparing to offer up to 20 billion pounds more to the European Union as part of Brexit divorce bill is speculation, her spokesman said on Thursday. The EU has told Britain to spell out what it will pay when it leaves the bloc in 2019 or it may miss a deadline next month to move the talks to a discussion of future trade ties, which businesses say is vital for them to make investment decisions.  We want to make progress as quickly as possible and we want to move onto talks about the future relationship as quickly as possible,  the spokesman said. Of the 20 billion pounds report he added:  I would say it is yet more speculation.  ",1
14664,Fear and loathing in South Korea as university exam postponed by quake,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean test-takers expressed confusion and dejection on Thursday as the country s highly competitive annual university entrance exam, called a  life assignment exam  by some, was postponed a week for the first time ever due to safety concerns.  South Korea postponed the exam after a rare earthquake rattled the country on Wednesday, causing damage to buildings including some schools. The exam is life-defining for many high school seniors, as a prestigious university on one s resume is seen a minimum for securing a place in limited corporate jobs in Asia s fourth-largest economy, which is dominated by conglomerates.  Because the wrong answer to a single question in the roughly 200-question exam can mean dropping in the national ranking and failure to enter one s choice of university, tensions ran high.   It s a bit hellish thinking I have to do this for one more week,  said 20-year-old Cho Hyun-lee, studying at one of Seoul s largest cram schools to take the test again after last year.  People are dispirited, lying with their faces down.   Some scrambled to recover books they d thrown away yesterday or buy new ones, two test-takers told Reuters, while others  gave up , uploading pictures of classmates sleeping or reading online comics on social media. Still others agonized over missing concerts of their favorite singers or South Korea s largest online game exhibition this week.  Meanwhile, South Korean society, geared for the exam s smooth progress, prepared to do it all again next Thursday.   Airplanes, barred from taking off or landing for 35 minutes on Thursday morning to prevent their noise from interfering with the exam s listening section, were allowed to land or take off, the transport ministry said.  But the stock market and banks still opened an hour late on Thursday   a device to help keep roads clear for students getting to test sites.  The defense ministry allowed extra leave for soldiers in mandatory military service who had taken personal leave to sit the exam.  Four police officers were stationed on double shifts at each of the 85 locations exam questions are kept and police patrolled the premises every two hours to prevent their leaking.  As fainter aftershocks continued on Wednesday and Thursday, many Koreans said they support the postponement   but some were inconsolable.   It feels like I was turning the handle on the exit door from hell then returned to square one,  said Lee Yoon-mi, a high school senior in Incheon.   If you re not a test-taker, you could never understand.   ",1
14665,Failure of German coalition talks would strengthen populists: EU's Oettinger,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union s budget commissioner Guenther Oettinger said on Thursday he expected German parties exploring a three-way  Jamaica  coalition government to strike a deal, warning that a failure of talks would damage Europe and strengthen populists.  There will be a Jamaica coalition ... nobody wants new elections,  Oettinger told a business conference in Berlin. The possible three-way alliance Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to form is also called a  Jamaica coalition  because the parties  colors match those of the Caribbean country s flag. The Social Democrats (SPD), the second biggest party in the Bundestag lower house after Merkel s conservatives bloc, have decided to rebuild their forces in opposition after suffering their worst election result since 1933. ",1
14666,Lebanon's Hariri can come to France when he wants: French foreign minister,"RIYADH (Reuters) - France is working to normalize the situation in Lebanon and Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri can come to France whenever he wants, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves le Drian said on Thursday.   Hariri, who I will see later, is invited to France with his family by President Macron. He will come to France when he wants and as soon as he wants. He will be welcome as a friend,  Le Drian told a news conference in Riyadh.  He gave no further details as to when he would travel to France or whether Hariri had accepted the invitation.      ",1
14667,China's Xi speaks with Saudi king: state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke with Saudi Arabia s King Salman by telephone on Thursday, Chinese state media reported. No matter how the international or regional situation may change, China s resolve to deepen cooperation with Saudi Arabia would not change, Xi said, according to the report. ",1
14668,"Turkey, Russia, Iran to hold Syria summit in Sochi on Nov. 22: NTV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey, Russia and Iran will hold a summit to discuss developments in Syria next week in the Russian resort of Sochi, Turkish broadcaster NTV said on Thursday. The three countries will discuss the ongoing ceasefire in Syria at their Nov. 22 meeting, NTV said.  ",1
14669,"Mugabe, wife, top allies holed up in 'Blue House' compound: source","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe, his wife Grace and two key figures from her G40 political faction are under house arrest at Mugabe s  Blue House  compound in Harare and are insisting the 93-year-old finishes his presidential term, a source said. The G40 figures are cabinet ministers Jonathan Moyo and Saviour Kasukuwere, who fled to the compound after their homes were attacked by troops in Tuesday night s coup, the source, who said he had spoken to people inside the compound, said. ",1
14670,Angelina Jolie condemns sexual violence against Rohingya women refugees,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Filmstar Angelina Jolie has condemned sexual violence inflicted on Rohingya women in Myanmar s Rakhine State, where a military counter-insurgency operation has sent hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslim refugees across the border to Bangladesh.  More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Buddhist-majority Myanmar since late August, driven out by the military s actions that a top United Nations official has described as a classic case of  ethnic cleansing . Jolie, a special envoy of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told a Bangladesh delegation in the Canadian city of Vancouver that she planned to visit the Rohingya victims of sexual violence.  Later she mentioned accordingly in her keynote speech about the sexual violence faced by almost each female Rohingya who fled to Bangladesh and condemned the armed conflict in Myanmar,  Bangladesh s foreign ministry said in a statement on Thursday. It gave no details of Jolie s proposed trip. On Thursday, New York-based Human Rights Watch accused Myanmar security forces of committing widespread rape against women and girls as part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing. The allegation echoes an accusation this week by Pramila Patten, the U.N. special envoy on sexual violence in conflict, who said sexual violence was  being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar.  Myanmar s army released a report on Monday denying all allegations of rape and killings by security forces, days after replacing the general in charge of the operation. In parliament on Wednesday, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said Bangladesh would overcome obstacles to resolve the Rohingya crisis, with the help of the international community.  I strongly believe we will find a peaceful solution to the unprecedented crisis with the help of the international community, despite various obstacles,  she said. There were already about 300,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the most recent exodus. ",1
14671,China foreign minister to visit Myanmar amid Rohingya crisis,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi will visit Myanmar and Bangladesh from this weekend, his ministry said on Thursday, amid a crisis over Myanmar s treatment of Rohingya Muslims. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since late August, driven out by a military counter-insurgency clearance operation in Buddhist-majority Myanmar s Rakhine State. A top U.N. official has described the military s actions as a textbook case of  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar rejects accusations of rights abuses. China has expressed support for what it calls the Myanmar government s efforts to protect stability. Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters that Wang would go to Bangladesh and Myanmar this weekend where he would meet his counterparts and exchange views on bilateral ties and issues of mutual regional concern. On Monday and Tuesday, Wang would attend a meeting of Asian and European foreign ministers in the Myanmar capital of Naypyitaw, Geng added. He did not say whether Wang would discuss the Rohingya issue. China and Myanmar have for years maintained close economic and diplomatic relations. The United States and other Western countries have become more engaged with Myanmar in recent years, since it began a transition to civilian government after nearly 50 years of military rule. International concern over the Rohingya situation has grown. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called during a visit to Myanmar on Wednesday for a credible investigation into reports of human rights abuses against the Rohingya committed by Myanmar s security forces. ",1
14672,Indonesian parliament speaker not hiding from graft probe: lawyer,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - A lawyer for Indonesia s parliament speaker denied on Thursday that the politician had gone into hiding to avoid being questioned by an anti-corruption agency over a $170 million graft investigation and said his client had a busy schedule. Officers from the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) sought to arrest speaker Setya Novanto at his house in Jakarta late on Wednesday, but failed to find him, sparking speculation about his whereabouts.  He is not hiding,  Novanto s lawyer, Fredrich Yunadi, told Reuters by telephone.   He is very busy, invited to many events and such. If he hears of violations of any law, he will discuss it with other officials,  said Yunadi. Novanto, who is chairman of Indonesia s second-biggest political party, Golkar, was still in Jakarta, he added. Novanto was not available for comment. He has previously denied wrongdoing but has missed repeated KPK summons for questioning in recent months, saying he was ill and needed to undergo heart surgery. The KPK is investigating state losses amounting to about $170 million linked to a national electronic identity card scheme after allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - generated by marking up the costs of procurement - were divided up among politicians in parliament. Because of the alleged embezzlement, millions of people have faced long delays in getting cards, or have been issued pieces of paper in place of a proper cards. Novanto was named a suspect in the case again last week after he had used a controversial legal maneuver, a pre-trial motion, to get earlier charges dropped last month. Yunadi said on Thursday his client had been summoned by the KPK 11 times as a witness and as a suspect in the investigation.   We will file another pre-trial motion, but it is still to be decided when,  said Yunadi  Vice President Jusuf Kalla, who is also a Golkar member, told reporters Novanto should be ready to face any legal process if called upon. Officials at the anti-graft agency did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A KPK spokesman Febri Diansyah was quoted in Kompas newspaper as saying the commission had a warrant for Novanto s arrest and called on him to surrender. Novanto has for years been dogged by allegations of corruption, but has never been prosecuted. In late 2015, a parliament ethics committee launched an investigation into allegations by a Freeport Indonesia executive that Novanto had tried to extort $1.8 billion worth of shares from the local unit of the U.S. mining company. Novanto denied the allegations but stepped down temporarily. He was reappointed as speaker a year later, after being cleared by an ethics panel. Indonesians widely perceive parliament as one of their country s most corrupt institutions, Transparency International says. ",1
14673,"Kurdish YPG aims to conquer Syrian region, not fight Islamic State: Turkish minister","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Recent developments in Syria s Raqqa show that the Kurdish YPG militia, backed by the United States, is more concerned about capturing territory than fighting Islamic State, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said in a speech on Thursday. Turkey has expressed anger that a convoy of Islamic State fighters were allowed to withdraw from Raqqa last month as part of an agreement with the YPG, saying it was  appalled  by the United States  stance on the issue. [nL8N1NK9RZ] Ankara was also infuriated by Washington s support for the Syria Kurdish fighters, seen by Turks as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union.  Turkish procurement of U.S. defence equipment is being delayed in the United States, according to the text of Cavusoglu s speech, and Turkey is developing alternative solutions for this sector.  We are unfortunately facing important delays in the procurement of defence equipment we urgently need in the fight against terror from the United States due to U.S. internal practices,  the text said, without elaborating.  Evidently, as these periods are prolonged, we are developing alternative means to acquire the equipment and systems we require, primarily through our own national resources.  Turkey recently completed the purchase of Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems, a defence deal that Turkey s Western allies see as a snub to the NATO alliance as the weapon cannot be integrated into the alliance s systems. [nL8N1NI0ED] Ankara also said it was making agreements with the Franco-Italian EUROSAM consortium to develop, produce and use its own sources for air defence system. [nL5N1NE7DI] ",1
14674,China pushes Hong Kong not to 'shirk duty' to enact contentious security law,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Chinese official admonished Hong Kong on Thursday for failing to introduce a national security law, ramping up pressure on the former British colony to enact the contentious Article 23 that critics say will further choke its freedoms. The global financial hub has been ruled under a  one country, two systems  principle since it returned to China in 1997, guaranteeing freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland, including an independent judiciary and freedom of expression. Those freedoms are outlined in its mini-constitution, the  Basic Law , a document that also demands the city pass its own laws preventing treason, secession and subversion against Communist Party rulers in Beijing. Hong Kong leaders have in the past decade put off passing Article 23, possibly their most sensitive political task, especially as tensions ran high after the months-long pro-democracy demonstrations in 2014. But Beijing officials have not forgotten, and on Thursday Li Fei, who chairs the Basic Law Committee under the Chinese parliament s standing committee, said it was  a duty that cannot be shirked .  I believe we can all see the harmful effects from this legal vacuum,  he said in a speech in Hong Kong.  I d like to emphasize, (Hong Kong should) safeguard national sovereignty and security through legislation and strict implementation of the law.  An earlier planned national security law for Hong Kong was shelved in 2003 after an estimated 500,000 people marched against it. In his hour-long speech, live-streamed in some schools and at times directed at students, Li also lashed out at a nascent independence movement, which has gone largely underground after most of its figureheads were charged for what the government called a  riot  in 2016.  Their behavior is absurd, the nature of it is illegal, and emotionally speaking it s absolutely impermissible,  he said.  We must resist and oppose them without any hesitation.      Li s remarks came after Chinese President Xi Jinping took what some saw as a harder line on Hong Kong s future during his visit in July to mark the 20th anniversary of the 1997 handover. Xi warned then that any attempt to endanger Chinese sovereignty and security, challenge China s power, or use Hong Kong to carry out infiltration or sabotage would be acts that cross  the red line  and were  absolutely impermissible . The city s new leader, Carrie Lam, bent on mending the damaged trust between Beijing and the Hong Kong public, has repeatedly said the timing is not right to introduce security laws, just three years after the youth-led demonstrations directly challenged Beijing s authority.  Even without any new local laws, some Hong Kong lawyers, diplomats and activists believe Beijing may make its own attempt to outlaw independence debates through a formal interpretation of the Basic Law, or extending national laws to cover Hong Kong. Such moves would have to be followed by Hong Kong s courts, deepening fears over the strength of Hong Kong s vaunted rule of law and freedom of speech. Some experts note that Beijing has lowered the threshold for such action after its preemptive interpretation of the Basic Law last year, which effectively disqualified lawmakers who did not take their oaths properly. It also ruled last month to outlaw mockery of the national anthem and decided the law would be extended to Hong Kong, which will take effect after it s been put to the city s legislature. ",1
14675,China says 'friendly policy' toward Zimbabwe won't change,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Thursday its  friendly policy  toward Zimbabwe would not change, after the military said it had seized power and was holding President Robert Mugabe and his family safe while targeting  criminals . China is paying close attention to the situation in Zimbabwe and hoped for stability and a peaceful,  appropriate  resolution, foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing in Beijing. China s cooperation with Zimbabwe was  all round  and benefited both peoples, he added.  China s friendly policy towards Zimbabwe won t change. We will continue to develop friendly cooperation with Zimbabwe on  an equal, mutually beneficial win-win cooperation principle,  Geng said, without elaborating. Influential state-run Chinese tabloid the Global Times said in an editorial on Thursday that Zimbabwe was unlikely to reverse its relations with China.  Since Zimbabwe s independence, there has been no anti-China faction in the country, and it is unlikely to appear in the future,  it said. In contrast to his elevated status on the continent, Mugabe is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power destroyed one of Africa s most promising states. China and Zimbabwe have a close diplomatic and economic relationship and Beijing has stood with Mugabe s government in the face of Western economic sanctions, investing in auto, diamond, tobacco and power-station projects. BAIC Motor Corp Ltd (1958.HK), which has a joint venture making pick-up trucks in Zimbabwe, told Reuters there had been no impact on its operations. Neither of two other Chinese companies - Tianze Tobacco and diamond mining Anjin Investments - responded to requests for comment on their operations in Zimbabwe. In August, Zimbabwe s government said a Chinese company planned to invest up to $2 billion to revive operations at Zimbabwe Iron and Steel Company (ZISCO), which ceased production in 2008 at the height of Zimbabwe s economic meltdown. That same year, China vetoed a proposed Western-backed U.N. resolution that would have imposed an arms embargo on Zimbabwe and financial and travel restrictions on Mugabe and 13 other officials, saying it would  complicate , rather than ease, conflict. ",1
14676,Lebanon's president says crisis over with PM Hariri's France trip,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun tweeted on Thursday that he hoped the country s political crisis was over following Saad al-Hariri s acceptance of a French invitation to visit Paris. Earlier a source close to Hariri said the prime minister, who resigned this month while in Saudi Arabia but has yet to return to Beirut, was expected to leave Riyadh for France within the next 48 hours. Aoun said Lebanon remained committed to its policy of  staying out of regional conflicts, especially those between Arab states, presidential sources said on Thursday. ",1
14677,Merkel: Difficult German coalition talks can reach a deal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said German parties face a difficult task to bridge their differences in crunch coalition talks on Thursday, but she believes they can reach an agreement to work together in a new government.   We have very, very different positions,  she told reporters.  If it works - I think it can work - there can be a positive result at the end of today s negotiations. But this is a difficult task.  ",1
14678,Thailand plans joint arms factory with China,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s defense technology agency plans to set up a joint center with China to produce and maintain military equipment in the latest sign of the strengthening security relationship since a 2014 coup. The plans to establish the facility - and discussions on a Chinese naval center to serve submarines Thailand ordered this year - point to a growing Chinese security presence in the oldest U.S. ally in the region as elsewhere in Southeast Asia. The Thai government s Defence Technology Institute (DTI) will set up Thailand s first commercial joint defense facility with China in the northeastern province of Khon Kaen in July, a defense ministry spokesman said. It will be responsible for assembly, production and maintenance of Chinese land weapon systems for the Thai army.  All our production will be for domestic official usage,  defense ministry spokesman Kongcheep Tantravanich told Reuters, adding that it could become an assembly and maintenance center for all states in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Specific details, he said, were subject to further discussions between the ministry and China North Industries Corporation (NORINCO) - which makes tanks and weapons among other heavy equipment. NORINCO did not respond immediately to an emailed request for comment. Its website describes it as  a pioneer and leader of Chinese military trade, and an important team to implement China s Going Global strategy . Kongcheep said the Chinese would provide training and technology transfer, but details of any Chinese personnel in Khon Kaen were among things being discussed. The Chinese Defense Ministry did not respond when contacted by Reuters for comment. China has become an increasingly important source of weapons for Thailand, particularly since the United States and Western countries downgraded ties after the army seized power in 2014. Major purchases since 2015 include orders for 49 Chinese tanks and 34 armored vehicles worth over $320 million - much more than the army has bought from other countries, although it also ordered helicopters from both Russia and the United States. The biggest Chinese purchase is the Royal Thai Navy s order for three submarines at a cost of over $1 billion. Thai and Chinese armies and air forces have begun joint exercises, complementing Thailand s continuing drills with the U.S. forces. On the civilian front, Thailand and China plan development of a high-speed rail link as part of Beijing s Belt and Road initiative. Relations with the United States are warming again too, however, particularly since new U.S. President Donald Trump hosted junta leader Prayuth Chan-ocha at the White House. The joint weapons manufacturing center in Khon Kaen - apparently similar to one in Pakistan - could complement China s growing military presence in neighboring Cambodia, said Paul Chambers, who has researched Thai military and regional security.  It opens the door for the potential of growing Chinese military influence in mainland Southeast Asia,  said Chambers, of Naresuan University in the northern Thai province of Phitsanulok. New legislation taking effect next year will allow Thailand s Defence Technology Institute to operate on a commercial basis, but it will remain entirely under government ownership. Thailand s Defence Ministry said the government was also holding preliminary discussions with Ukraine, Russia and South Africa about joint defense manufacturing facilities, similar to the deal with China. ",1
14679,China denounces U.S. call to register Chinese journalists as agents,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China denounced on Thursday a U.S. congressional commission that accused its state media of involvement in spying and propaganda and called for their staff in the United States to be registered as foreign agents. The U.S. China Economic and Security Review Commission said in its latest annual report that while China had tightened restrictions on domestic and foreign media, its state media had rapidly expanded overseas. The commission, created by Congress in 2000 to monitor national security implications of U.S.-China trade relations, said China s state media expansion was part of a broader effort to exert greater control over how it is depicted globally, as well as to gather information. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang they had seen the report.  This commission that released the report has always been full of prejudice on China-related issues,  Geng told a daily news briefing.  Much of the content in the relevant report is sheer fiction, and many of its views reflect their bias against China,  he said. China urged the commission to put an end to its  wrong words and actions  and really play a constructive role in promoting the development of Sino-U.S. ties, Geng said, without elaborating. ",1
14680,"Egypt says three militants killed, 74 arrested in Sinai raids","CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces killed three suspected militants and arrested 74 others in raids targeting militant groups in North Sinai in recent days, the military said in a statement on Thursday. Egypt faces an Islamist insurgency led by the Islamic State group in the Sinai Peninsula, where hundreds of soldiers and police have been killed since 2013. The military did not name a specific militant group or release the names of those killed but said the militants were  highly dangerous . As part of their raids security forces destroyed five four-wheel drive vehicles and four storage sites used to manufacture improvised explosive devices, the military statement said. ",1
14681,Zimbabwe's Biti says could work in post-coup unity government,"HARARE (Reuters) - Former Zimbabwe finance minister Tendai Biti said on Thursday he would be happy to work in any national unity government that emerges from this week s coup, but only if opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai was also on board.  If Morgan says he s in, I m in,  Biti, who earned international respect during his time as finance minister in a 2009-2013 unity government, told Reuters.  The country needs a solid pair of hands so one might not have a choice.  ",1
14682,"Lebanon's Hariri accepts invitation to come to France, arrival date unknown: French source","PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri has accepted an invitation to come to France, although his arrival date in Paris is not known yet, a French diplomatic source said.  The source was confirming comments made by Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian in Riyadh.  ",1
14683,"Russian, Lebanese foreign ministers to meet in Moscow: Russian foreign ministry","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov will meet with his Lebanese counterpart Gebran Bassil in Moscow on Nov. 17, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday. ",1
14684,China confident Venezuela can handle debt issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry reiterated on Thursday that it believes Venezuela has the ability to handle its debt issue, after the oil-rich country started making interest payments on bonds following a delay that had threatened to trigger a default. Venezuela has borrowed billions of dollars from Russia and China, primarily through oil-for-loan deals that have crimped the country s hard currency revenue by requiring oil shipments to be used to service those loans.  On Wednesday, Venezuela won easier debt terms from Russia, as well as a vote of confidence from China - two countries that could provide a lifeline as Caracas seeks to keep its deeply depressed economy solvent. Asked whether China was concerned that the debt would not be repaid, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular news briefing that China-Venezuela financial cooperation was proceeding as normal.  We believe that Venezuela s government and people have the ability to properly handle their debt issue,  Geng said.  Venezuelan bond prices have been on a roller-coaster over the past 10 days, as President Nicolas Maduro called investors to debt restructuring talks, while pledging to keep honoring the country s obligations. But S&P Global Ratings declared it in selective default on two of its sovereign bonds early this week after it failed to make the coupons within a 30-day grace period. On Wednesday, the country s Economy Ministry said it had started transferring $200 million in interest payments on those bonds, which mature in 2019 and 2024. ",1
14685,Final death toll from London's Grenfell Tower fire is 71: police,"LONDON (Reuters) - The final death toll from the fire that destroyed the Grenfell Tower social housing block in London in June is 71, police said on Thursday after five months of painstaking search and recovery operations. Police had previously said about 80 people died in the blaze, which tore through the 24-storey tower in west London in the middle of the night, but officers now believe all those who died in the fire have been recovered and identified. The figure has come down because some people were reported missing several times, some people who lived in the tower and were feared dead were found to have been elsewhere on the night, and some people were falsely reported dead by fraudsters hoping to receive financial compensation. The final toll includes 70 adults and children who died in the tower during the fire, and one baby who was stillborn shortly after the heavily pregnant mother escaped from the 21st floor, suffering severe smoke inhalation on her way down. The mother survived.  Specialist teams working inside Grenfell Tower and the mortuary have pushed the boundaries of what was scientifically possible to identify people,  said Metropolitan Police Commander Stuart Cundy, who is in charge of operations at the tower.  I know that each and every member of the team has done absolutely all they can to make this possible. They have done that for every person who lost their life, their families and loved ones, and all those for whom Grenfell Tower was home.  The tower was home to a tight-knit, multi-ethnic community in a deprived social housing estate within the wealthy Kensington and Chelsea borough that is also home to large numbers of millionaires. The tragedy has prompted political debate and soul-searching about London s stark social inequalities and whether neglect of social housing estates and the communities living in them played a part in the fire. A criminal investigation is under way that could result in individuals or organizations being charged. A separate public inquiry aims to shed light on any flaws or irregularities in the design, construction or maintenance of the tower. Cundy said that when he first entered Grenfell Tower after the fire, the devastation was such that he feared it would not be possible to find, recover and identify all those who died. Police officers, assisted by forensic anthropologists, archaeologists and specialists in using dental science to identify unknown human remains, searched every flat on every floor and every communal area. The search involved sifting through tonnes of debris by hand to identify all human remains in the charred building. In parallel, huge amounts of investigative work was undertaken to identify who was in Grenfell Tower on the night of the fire, who was missing and presumed dead, enquire after those reported missing and reconcile all the information. One person was reported missing 46 separate times. Some were reported under a number of different names, and even the slightest differences in spelling had to be investigated. Police said that having completed all this work, they now believed it was highly unlikely that anyone remained in Grenfell Tower. ",1
14686,Turkey's foreign ministry has suspended 25 percent of diplomats in post-coup probes: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign ministry has suspended a quarter of its diplomats over suspected ties to last year s failed coup attempt, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Thursday. Speaking at his ministry s budget discussions in Ankara, Cavusoglu said the suspensions were based on  serious documents  and added that the rate of those returning to their posts showed the ministry had  not made a mistake . ",1
14687,Britain preparing to transfer 400 million pounds to Iran - Telegraph newspaper,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is preparing to transfer over 400 million pounds ($527 million) to Iran as it seeks the release of a jailed Iranian-British aid worker, The Telegraph newspaper reported, citing unidentified British sources. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Britain has sought legal advice over whether it could transfer the funds which it owes as a result of a disputed arms deal in the 1970s. Diplomats told the newspaper that any payment should not be linked to the fate of Zaghari-Ratcliffe. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters. It operates independently of Reuters News.  A spokesman for Britain s Foreign Office could not be reached for comment out of normal business hours. ",1
14688,Turkey expects EU to provide total 6 billion euros under migrant deal by end-2018: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey expects the European Union to provide the remaining portion of the 3 billion euros ($3.53 billion) which the bloc pledged under a migrant deal by end-2017, according to the text of a speech by Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Thursday. In the text of the speech, which he was making to a parliamentary budget commission, Cavusoglu also said Ankara expected a further 3 billion euros to be allocated by end-2018. ",1
14689,Zimbabwe priest mediating potential Mugabe exit: sources,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Catholic priest is mediating a potential political exit for Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe, although the 93-year-old is insisting he can only be removed via a party leadership vote, political and intelligence sources said on Thursday. Separately, opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai, who has been receiving cancer treatment outside Zimbabwe, returned to Harare late on Wednesday, a party spokesman said, fuelling speculation about a post-Mugabe political settlement. ",1
14690,EU parliament's Brexit negotiator - 'Not so pessimistic' about reaching deal,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union and Britain must quickly solve major issues in Brexit negotiations such as finances and citizens  rights but there is a good chance a deal can be reached, European Parliament negotiator Guy Verhofstadt was quoted as saying.  It s our goal to conclude the talks with an agreement. And I m actually not so pessimistic about that,  Verhofstadt told Handelsblatt newspaper in an interview published on Thursday.   ",1
14691,Japan weighs plans to deal with North Korean evacuees in case of crisis,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is studying plans to cope with an influx of perhaps tens of thousands of North Korean evacuees if a military or other crisis breaks out on the peninsula, including ways to weed out spies and terrorists, a domestic newspaper said. The Japan Coast Guard would escort boats fleeing North Korea to designated ports, where police would screen them by checking their identity and possible criminal records and expel those deemed a threat, the Yomiuri newspaper said on Thursday. It did not say where those people would be sent, however. Evacuees granted temporary entrance would be transferred to emergency detention centers, probably in southern Japan, after completing quarantine and other procedures. Officials would then decide whether they were eligible to remain in Japan, the Yomiuri said.  Regional tension over Pyongyang s missile and nuclear arms programs remain high. A senior Chinese diplomat was to visit the North from Friday as a special envoy of Chinese President Xi Jinping, just a week after U.S. President Donald Trump met Xi in Beijing and pressed for greater action to rein in Pyongyang. Junji Ito, an official of the justice ministry s immigration bureau, said the Japanese government was looking at steps to deal with a possible influx of people from North Korea but declined to comment on details. Outspoken Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso grabbed headlines in September when he touched on the possibility of shooting armed refugees from North Korea.  Will police respond and arrest them on charges of illegal immigration?  media quoted him as saying in a speech.  If the Self-Defense Forces (military) are dispatched, will they shoot them down?   On Thursday, the Japan Coast Guard said it had rescued three North Korean men on a capsized boat a day earlier and was searching for 12 missing crew. The men said they were fishermen, not defectors, and Japan was arranging to send them home, it added. Japan has strict requirements for recognizing asylum seekers and accepted only three refugees in the first half of 2017 despite a record 8,561 fresh applications. In January, Human Rights Watch described Japan s record on asylum seekers as  abysmal . The country took in more than 11,000 Indochinese  boat people  refugees over three decades to 2005 in the aftermath of the Vietnam War, a little-remembered open-door policy.  ",1
14692,Singapore suspends trade relations with North Korea,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore has suspended trade relations with North Korea, the latest of Pyongyang s major trade partners to cut commercial ties under toughening U.N. sanctions over its weapons program, a customs notice obtained on Thursday showed. The move comes about two months after the United States imposed North Korea-related sanctions on a number of firms and individuals, including two entities based in Singapore.  Singapore will prohibit all commercially traded goods from, or to, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK),  the city-state s customs said in the notice sent to traders and declaring agents last Tuesday, referring to the country by its official name.   The suspension would take effect from Nov. 8, Fauziah A. Sani, head of trade strategy and security for the director-general of customs, said in the notice.  Repeated breach of the new prohibitions is punishable by a fine of up to S$200,000 ($147,340.50) or four times the value of the goods traded, imprisonment of up to three years, or both, it added.  Singapore is North Korea s seventh largest trading partner. The Philippines, Pyongyang s fifth biggest trading partner, suspended trade with North Korea in September to comply with a U.N. resolution. Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as North Korea s young leader, Kim Jong Un, has stepped up the development of weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions. North Korea has tested a series of missiles this year, including one that flew over Japan, and conducted its sixth and biggest nuclear test in September. Pyongyang maintains a diplomatic presence in Singapore, with an embassy in its financial district.  In September, Singapore issued a travel advisory urging citizens to avoid all non-essential travel to North Korea, where it does not have diplomatic representation.  In an interview with National Public Radio in May, Singapore s minister of foreign affairs, Vivian Balakrishnan, had said the country was not ready to cut all diplomatic ties with North Korea.    In January last year, Singapore-based Chinpo Shipping Company (Private) Ltd was fined S$180,000 for facilitating a shipment of arms to North Korea in violation of U.N. sanctions. (reut.rs/2ARbm14) ",1
14693,Same-sex marriage may be law in Australia by early December,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian lawmakers on Thursday vowed to push through laws legalizing same-sex marriage by early December, after a national survey found the majority of Australians favored the move.  Both Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition government and the main opposition Labor Party said they were aiming to pass the law through parliament by Dec. 7. That timeline was even earlier than the Christmas deadline named by Turnbull on Wednesday after the country s statistics agency reported that 61.6 percent of voters surveyed favored marriage equality, with 38.4 percent against. Legislation was rushed into the national parliament s upper house Senate late on Wednesday, even as colorful celebrations in the major cities continued and congratulations rolled in from international supporters.  If the legislation passes as expected, Australia will become the 26th nation to legalize same-sex marriage, a watershed for a country where it was still illegal in some states to engage in homosexual activity until 1997. The legislation faces some opposition from conservative lawmakers in the coalition, who have pledged to introduce amendments to protect religious freedom that would allow discrimination against same-sex couples.  Attorney-General George Brandis moved two amendments on Wednesday, seeking to extend protection to civil celebrants to refuse to officiate same-sex weddings.  They ll move amendments and some of them will be accepted,  Turnbull told a radio station on Thursday.  We re cracking (getting) on with it.  A rival bill proposed by the conservative faction that would have included widespread protections for religious objectors, including florists, bakers and musicians, to refuse service to same-sex couples was withdrawn after being widely condemned. Full debate on the bill, which was introduced by Senator Dean Smith, a member of the coalition and the country s first openly gay lawmaker, is scheduled to begin on Nov. 27. Almost 80 percent of the country s eligible voters took part in the voluntary public survey - a higher voter turnout than Britain s Brexit vote and Ireland s same-sex marriage referendum. ",1
14694,Cambodia's opposition braces for Supreme Court decision,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s Supreme Court on Thursday began its final session to decide whether to dissolve the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), thus ensuring victory for Prime Minister Hun Sen s ruling party in next year s general election. A verdict is expected later in the day, amid an increasingly tense political situation and a campaign by the ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) to crush the opposition ahead of the vote. If the court rules for dissolution, 118 members of the opposition party will also be banned from politics. More than half its members of parliament have already fled Cambodia, fearing a crackdown by Hun Sen.  Such a ruling would leave  no credible political opposition in Cambodia  for the first time since 1993, one senior diplomat based in the Cambodian capital told Reuters. In that year a U.N.-run election produced a shaky coalition between Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge guerrilla installed as prime minister in the mid-1980s by the Vietnamese.   The processes in the early  nineties left Cambodia with a lively civil society and the freest press in Southeast Asia and there is a possibility of a lot of that going,  said the diplomat, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to comment. Dozens of police guarded the court, its exterior painted yellow with gold accents, along with some officers from Hun Sen s personal bodyguard unit, although there has been no indication of any planned protest. Traffic flow was normal. On Wednesday, Cambodia s opposition said it did not think it could escape dissolution. The judge who heads the Supreme Court, Dith Munty, is a member of the permanent committee of the ruling party  and a longtime Hun Sen loyalist. The 2018 election had been shaping as possibly the biggest challenge to Hun Sen s leadership, after his opponents unified behind the CNRP. Hun Sen has stepped up measures against the opposition. In September, CNRP leader Kem Sokha was arrested in Phnom Penh and charged with treason. ",1
14695,"China, Philippines agree to avoid force in South China Sea dispute","BEIJING/MANILA (Reuters) - China and the Philippines have agreed to avoid force to resolve their differences over the South China Sea, according to a joint statement issued on Thursday by China at the end of a visit to Manila by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. China and the Philippines have long sparred over the South China Sea, but relations have improved considerably under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Malaysia, Taiwan, Brunei, Vietnam and the Philippines claim some or all of the South China Sea and its myriad shoals, reefs and islands. China claims most of the waterway and has been aggressively building and militarizing artificial islands. The joint statement, carried by China s official Xinhua news agency, said China and the Philippines reaffirmed the importance of peace in the South China Sea and of freedom of navigation and overflight. There should be no violence or threats of violence and the dispute should be resolved via talks between the  relevant sovereign countries , it added.   Both sides believe that the maritime dispute is not the full sum of the China-Philippines relationship,  the statement said. In a separate statement summing up discussions at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit, Duterte took note of the  improving relations between ASEAN and China  in the South China Sea.  In view of this positive momentum, we looked forward to the announcement of the start of substantive negotiations on the Code of Conduct (COC) with China  he said, hopefully in early 2018 in Vietnam, where the two sides will meet at the earliest. ASEAN and China have been discussing a set of rules on how to behave in the disputed waters to avoid accidents and raising tension.  Duterte said the two sides also had successfully tested the hotline among foreign ministries on how to manage maritime emergencies.  In our view, these are practical measures that could reduce tensions, and the risks of accidents, misunderstandings and miscalculation,  he said. ",1
14696,"India's Modi remains overwhelmingly popular, says Pew poll","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Nearly nine out of 10 Indians hold a favorable opinion of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction he is taking the country, a Pew survey has found, two years before he heads into a general election. Modi s Bharatiya Janata Party-led coalition won the biggest parliamentary majority in three decades in a 2014 election and the poll by the U.S.-based research center showed that his personal ratings remain high. Critics have accused hardline Hindu groups linked to the ruling coalition of promoting a partisan agenda, including targeting minority Muslims, since he came to power.  They have also blamed Modi for slowing economic growth and for failing to generate the hundreds of thousands of jobs needed for young people joining the workforce each month.  But the Pew poll found that 88 percent of Indians held a favorable view of Modi, a shade higher than the 87 percent who gave him a thumbs-up in 2015, a year after he swept to power promising to transform India into a high-growth economy. Such high ratings are unusual for political leaders three years into office in south Asia, where governments are more often voted out than retained as people become frustrated with broken campaign promises. Modi s favorable rating is 31 percentage points higher than that of Sonia Gandhi, the leader of the main opposition Congress party, and is 30 points more than that for her son, Rahul Gandhi, who is expected to take over the party leadership.  Three years into Modi s five-year tenure, the honeymoon period for his administration may be over but the public s love affair with current conditions in India is even more intense,  Pew said in comments on its findings. The survey was conducted in February and March, a few months after Modi withdrew most high-value bank notes in a shock move aimed at illegal wealth, but which put millions of people in difficulty as cash was sucked out of the economy. Modi defended the measure as an attack on the rich hiding their wealth from the taxman and said gains would come to the poor. Economic growth eased to a three-year low in the June quarter and experts said part of the reason was that the withdrawal of most of the currency had hurt consumer demand in a largely cash-driven economy. A poorly implemented goods-and-services tax that went into effect in July has further unsettled small businesses, many of which are part of the bedrock of the BJP s political base. But the poll found that more than 80 percent of those surveyed said economic conditions were good, up 19 percentage points since just before the 2014 election.  Overall, seven-in-ten Indians are now satisfied with the way things are going in the country. This positive assessment of India s direction has nearly doubled since 2014,  Pew said. The next general election is due in 2019.  But several states are voting for new assemblies over the next few months including Modi s home state of Gujarat. ",1
14697,Canada will not send peacekeepers to Mali in near future: officials,"VANCOUVER (Reuters) - Canada will not be sending hundreds of peacekeepers to support a United Nations mission in Mali in the near future, officials said on Wednesday, a move likely to disappoint allies who want Canadians to play a role in the West African country. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau last year promised to contribute up to 600 troops to peacekeeping operations and Canadian defense experts made three trips to Mali, where soldiers under the U.N. are fighting Islamist militants. Canada said it would split its soldiers among various missions instead, with no more than 200 going to any one spot, and will offer transport aircraft and helicopters in a series of  smart pledge  initiatives. It will also help train peacekeepers. U.N. officials downplayed concerns, saying that if Canada had pledged its troops and equipment to a single mission, like Mali, then those assets could not be deployed to support other missions in the region.  This is exactly what we need, we need flexibility... we need to be able to allocate these resources where we need them the most,  Jean-Pierre Lacroix, a U.N. under-secretary general for peacekeeping operations, told reporters. Lacroix said talks continue on how Canadian assets will be deployed, but added,  I m sure there s a strong determination to turn this commitment into a concrete action on the ground.  Earlier on Wednesday, a Canadian official told reporters  the option of sending forces to Mali one day was still alive, but added the planning process took at least six months,  So you re not going to going to see some kind of rapid deployment to any mission, let alone a complex one like Mali.  Trudeau sidestepped questions about the likely international reaction at a news conference, saying the varied measures Canada was proposing would serve the U.N. better.    Unhappy allies this year said Canada s bid for a U.N. Security Council seat could suffer unless Trudeau lived up to his promises.  This approach will be a disappointment to some, and the Canadian government will have to work hard to overcome the credibility it has lost in not following through on its initial pledge,  said Jane Boulden, a security studies expert at Queen s University in Kingston. Government insiders said enthusiasm for the Mali mission faded as the extent of likely casualties and the complex nature of the conflict became clear. More than 80 members have been killed since 2013, making Mali the world s deadliest peacekeeping operation. ",1
14698,Senior China minister says some officials practice sorcery,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Some top Chinese officials are guilty of practicing sorcery and would rather believe in gurus and Western concepts of democracy than the Communist Party, a senior minister wrote on Thursday, warning of the danger they presented to its survival. China guarantees freedom of religion for major belief systems such as Buddhism, Christianity and Islam, but party members are meant to be atheists and are barred from what it calls superstitious practices, such as visits to soothsayers. Recent years have seen several cases of officials jailed as part of President Xi Jinping s crackdown on corruption being accused of superstition, part of the party s efforts to blacken their names. Some senior officials in leadership positions had  fallen morally , their beliefs straying from the correct path, wrote Chen Xi, the recently appointed head of the party s powerful Organisation Department that oversees personnel decisions.  Some don t believe in Marx and Lenin but believe in ghosts and gods; they don t believe in ideals but believe in sorcery; they don t respect the people but do respect masters,  he wrote in the official People s Daily, referring to spiritual leaders or gurus. People in China, especially its leaders, have a long tradition of turning to soothsaying and geomancy to find answers to their problems in times of doubt, need and chaos. The practice has grown more risky amid Xi s war on graft, in which dozens of senior officials have been imprisoned. Attacking officials whose faith in communism is wavering, Chen said some consider it an  entirely unreal mirage , and have lost faith in socialism. Instead, they look to Western concepts of the separation of power and multi-party systems as their ideal, added Chen, who also runs the Central Party School that trains rising officials. He did not name any officials guilty of practicing superstition or fawning over the West. But elsewhere in the article he named some of those caught up in the most high-profile recent cases, such as the feared former domestic security chief, Zhou Yongkang and the former party boss of Chongqing, Sun Zhengcai, sacked for corruption in July. They were  political careerist plotters , whose cases showed that officials  political problems were no less a threat to the party than corruption, Chen wrote.  The higher the position, the greater their platform, the greater the harm they caused to the party,  he added.  ",1
14699,Pakistan's long-persecuted Ahmadi minority fear becoming election scapegoat,"RABWAH, Pakistan (Reuters) - Crammed into buses and mini-vans, more than 10,000 Pakistanis traveled to a mosque on the outskirts of the small Punjabi town of Rabwah, for the sole purpose of denouncing followers of the minority sect based here as  infidels and enemies of the state . For members of the long persecuted Ahmadi community, who are forbidden to call themselves Muslims and face discrimination and violence over accusations their faith insults Islam, the open vitriol on display at the Oct. 20 rally was not new. But this year, they say, anti-Ahmadi rhetoric has also re-entered mainstream Pakistani politics, as politicians seek to shore up support among religiously conservative voters after surprise gains by two new Islamist parties.  We are an easy community to scapegoat for political opponents to target each other,  said Usman Ahmad, who moved to Pakistan from Britain to work as a community activist. With a general election due in 2018, politicians from both the religious fringe and established parties have had the Ahmadis in their sights. In the past six weeks, a row over proposed changes to the election law that would have eased some of the barriers on Ahmadis participating in elections has seen the group denounced on the floor of Pakistan s parliament, while one of the new Islamist parties has held street protests. The government has since taken out ads in major newspapers reaffirming a religious oath requiring elected officials to vow that they do not follow anyone claiming to be a prophet after Mohammad and  nor do I belong to the Qadiani group , using a common derogatory term for Ahmadis. The Ahmadis consider themselves to be Muslims, but their recognition of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, who founded the sect in British-ruled India in 1889, as a  subordinate prophet  is viewed by many of the Sunni majority as a breach of the Islamic tenet that the Prophet Mohammad was God s last direct messenger.  The Ahmadi sect has 10-20 million followers worldwide who face discrimination in a number of Muslim-majority nations such as Indonesia and Algeria, as well as being ostracized by large parts of the Muslim community in Britain. There are about half a million Ahmadis in Pakistan, local leaders say, though other estimates have put the number at 2-4 million. Ahmadis are some of the most common defendants in criminal charges of blasphemy, which in Pakistan can carry the death penalty. By law they cannot call their place of worship mosques or distribute religious literature, recite the Koran or use traditional Islamic greetings, measures that they say criminalize their daily lives. The legal restrictions began in 1974, when the then-Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto passed a constitutional amendment declaring Ahmadis non-Muslim. A decade later military dictator General Zia ul Haq barred Ahmadis from identifying themselves as Muslim. Community leaders say these moves laid the groundwork for a sectarian divide that has since seen many violent attacks on Ahmadis and birthed multiple militant organizations, including many that are now linked to Islamic State. In the past four years, the Punjab government has also targeted Ahmadis under the country s anti-terrorism laws, filing at least eight cases against Ahmadis on charges of producing hate literature, including the sect s own holy texts. The offices of an Ahmadi magazine in Rabwah were raided in December 2016 by police, who arrested seven people and confiscated papers and hard drives.  They stormed the office, it felt like a group of terrorists had come in,  said Amir Fahim, who worked at the magazine and was held for 65 days.  They said the religious language you use belongs to us and the things you write offend the sensibilities of Muslims.  Community leaders say the use of anti-terrorism laws marks a new phase in the targeting of Ahmadis.  Here, to be an Ahmadi, through state laws, is a crime,  Pakistan s Ahmadi community spokesman Salimuddin said.  There are restrictions on our annual gatherings, our annual games ... If the state did not persecute us, we would not be persecuted.  Punjab government spokesman Malik Muhammad Ahmad Khan said the authorities were not using the anti-terrorism laws to target any particular minority group.  The Punjab Government arrested thousands on charges of hate speech during the last three years,  he told Reuters.  Anti-Ahmadi groups were also included in them.  Many Ahmadis in Pakistan say they only truly feel safe in Rabwah, a town of more than 60,000 in eastern Punjab that is 95 percent Ahmadi. Most of the town s infrastructure is maintained on contributions made by the community, including free hostels and food for visitors and a community organized garbage clean-up. But on the edge of Rabwah lies a small settlement and a mosque run by a right-wing Islamist organization that openly professes hatred for Ahmadis. The organization, Khatm-e-Nubuwwat (Finality of the Prophet), built the mosque on land the Punjab government ordered confiscated from Ahmadis in 1975 for low-income housing. Khatm-e-Nubuwwat has been at the forefront of initiating blasphemy allegations against Ahmadis. Every year for 36 years, the group has held an anti-Ahmadi rally at the mosque.  Qadianis are the enemies of the prophet,  said Aziz ur Rehman, an organizer of the Rabwah conference, adding:  A country that was made in the name of the prophet cannot accept Qadianis.  Always volatile, political atmosphere in Pakistan has been especially tense since the Supreme Court removed former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from office in July over corruption allegations, which he denies. The calculations of the mainstream parties have been complicated by the formation of two new Islamist political groups that garnered more than 10 percent in two recent by-elections and could become spoilers in a close election. One of the new parties, Tehreek-e-Labaik, launched a political furor last month after lawmakers from Sharif s party, which still holds a parliamentary majority, approved apparently small changes to the country s election law. The changes eliminated a requirement for Ahmadi voters to declare they are not Muslim and turned a religious oath for elected officials declaring belief in the Finality of the Prophet and affirming they are not Ahmadi into a simple declaration of belief. Tehreek-e-Labaik quickly termed any concessions to Ahmadis to be blasphemy and threatened mass protests. The government, still controlled by Sharif s party, quickly retreated and reversed the changes. A week later, speaking before Pakistan s National Assembly, Sharif s son-in-law, lawmaker Muhammad Safdar Awan called for Ahmadis to be barred from employment in the government, judiciary, and military. Sharif himself later distanced himself from Safdar s statement. The climbdown did not appease Tehreek-e-Labaik, which last week launched street protests blockading roads into Islamabad and demanding the law minister be sacked. The protests are ongoing and have paralyzed traffic in the capital. Saadia Toor, author of State of Islam said it s likely that anti-Ahmadi rhetoric will continue up to next year s elections, due by the end of August.  Anti-Ahmedi sentiment is widely held across the Pakistani Muslim mainstream, even among moderate Sunnis,  she said.  So using them as scapegoats for political purposes is easy.  ",1
14700,German Greens want last nuclear weapons withdrawn: document,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Greens want the next coalition government to push for the removal of all nuclear warheads stationed in Germany, a document seen by Reuters showed on Wednesday. The discussion paper on defence and foreign policy did not mention the United States, which is believed to have 20 nuclear warheads at a military base in Buechel in western Germany, according to unofficial estimates. Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to secure a fourth term through an unlikely coalition with the ecologist Greens and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) after her conservative bloc lost support to the far-right in an election in September. NATO member Germany is not a nuclear power and in 2011 a Merkel-led government announced plans to shut all nuclear reactors by 2022 after the Fukushima disaster in Japan.  Within NATO, we want to ensure that the remaining nuclear weapons in Germany are withdrawn and we want to suspend the modernization programme,  read a section in the document stating the Greens  position. Before leaving office former U.S. President Barack Obama announced plans to modernize nuclear bombs, delivery systems and laboratories. His successor, Donald Trump, has said he wants to strengthen and expand his country s nuclear capability. The conservatives, Greens and FDP are hoping to end exploratory discussions on Thursday and move on to proper negotiations on forming a government. They remain divided on several key issues, including immigration, reforming the euro zone and climate policy. ",1
14701,South Korean says U.S. must not strike North Korea without Seoul's consent,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump should  under no circumstances  take military action against North Korea without the consent of the government in Seoul, the chairwoman of South Korea s ruling party, Choo Mi-ae, said on Wednesday.  President Trump often emphasizes that he put all options on the table,  Choo told a Washington think-tank.  We want to make sure that this option of another war is not placed on the table. Under no circumstances should the U.S. go ahead and use a military option without the consent of South Korea.   We must seek a peaceful resolution of the matter in any manner that is available to us.  The remarks by Choo, who is expected to meet Trump administration officials in Washington, underscored South Korean concerns that any U.S. strikes against North Korea s nuclear and missile programs could provoke devastating North Korean retaliation against South Korea. Visiting Seoul last week, Trump warned North Korea he was prepared to use the full range of U.S. military power to stop any attack, but also urged Pyongyang to  make a deal.  Trump, who had previously called negotiations with North Korea a waste of time, has offered no clear path to talks and has sent mixed signals about his interest in negotiations. Speaking on his return from Asia, Trump said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping had rejected a  freeze for freeze  agreement. China and Russia have previously advocated such a plan, where the United States and South Korea stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. It was not clear if this was what Trump meant.  We agreed that we would not accept a so-called  freeze for freeze  agreement like those that have consistently failed in the past,  Trump said. There was no immediate comment from China s embassy in Washington. Pyongyang has shown little interest in negotiations, at least until it has developed a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Choo, whose president and fellow Democratic Party leader Moon Jae-in has advocated dialogue with North Korea, said Seoul backed Trump s policy of maximum pressure on Pyongyang through sanctions and there should be no talks for the sake of talks. However, she said blocking opportunities for dialogue could prompt North Korean  miscalculation.  She declined to say whether she was satisfied with the Trump administration s limited efforts to talk to Pyongyang to resolve the crisis stemming from North Korea s efforts to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States. ",1
14702,"U.N. to vote on rival U.S., Russia bids to renew Syria inquiry","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Thursday on rival U.S. and Russian bids to renew an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria, diplomats said, a move that could trigger Russia s 10th veto to block action on Syria. The mandate for the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which found the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack, expires at midnight Thursday. The United States was first to ask for a vote on its draft resolution, followed quickly by Russia. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Russia, Britain or China to be adopted. Diplomats say there is little support among the 15-member council for the Russian draft, which Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia has said aims to correct  systemic errors  of the inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM). Russia has vetoed nine resolutions on Syria since the conflict started in 2011, including blocking an initial U.S. bid on Oct. 24 to renew the JIM, saying it wanted to wait for the release two days later of the inquiry s report that blamed a sarin gas attack on the Syrian government.  The United States hopes the Security Council will stand united in the face of chemical weapons use against civilians and extend the work of this critical group,  the U.S. mission to the United Nations said in a statement on Wednesday.   Not doing so would only give consent to such atrocities while tragically failing the Syrian people who have suffered from these despicable acts,  it said. While Russia agreed to the 2015 creation of the inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), it has consistently questioned its findings, which also concluded that the Syrian government used chlorine as a weapon several times. A spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations said on Monday that Russia has refused to engage in negotiations on the U.S. draft resolution. Diplomats said the United States had amended its draft in a bid to win Russian support. British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft warned on Wednesday that if the inquiry ended:  The only victors would be people who want to use chemical weapons in Syria, which is the (Syrian President Bashar) al-Assad regime plus Daesh (Islamic State).   Everyone in the Security Council would be shooting ourselves in the foot if we allowed that to happen,  he said.  The Russian mission to the United Nations was not immediately available for comment on the impending council vote. If the inquiry is not renewed, Nebenzia said on Monday:  It may send a bad signal, but the way the investigation has been conducted sends an even worse signal.  Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. ",1
14703,"May weathers new challenges on Brexit plan, more to come","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May withstood new attempts to force concessions on her blueprint for leaving the European Union on Wednesday, the second day of a parliamentary debate that is deepening divisions over Brexit. May has been weakened by losing the Conservative Party s majority in a June election and faces hostility from many lawmakers, including some Conservatives, to various parts of the EU withdrawal bill which requires parliamentary approval. All attempts to amend the bill, on severing ties with the EU, have been voted down so far, but a debate next month on precisely when Britain should leave, and whether a time should be set at all, is be to test her authority. May urged lawmakers to work together ahead of a debate on several amendments aimed at entrenching EU protections on a wide range of issues from the environment to workers  rights.   We will be leaving the European Union on the 19th of March, 2019, and of course there is a lively debate going on in this place and that s right and proper, and that s important,  May said during the weekly prime minister s question time.  We are listening carefully to those who wish to improve the bill and I hope that we can all come together to deliver on the decision that the country took that we should leave the European Union.  The debates are likely to last for weeks on a bill seen by May as crucial to give companies confidence that there will be no major legal changes that affect business when Britain leaves the EU in March 2019. On the first day of debate on Tuesday, lawmakers broke down party lines in turning on each other with catcalls, jeers and accusations of treachery. Behind the debates is the fear of pro-Brexit lawmakers that Britain may never leave the EU, and of pro-EU politicians who are worried Britain might crash out of the EU without a deal.  Exit day  has become the focus for most in parliament with some lawmakers saying pro-Brexit politicians want a firm date on the bill - 11:00 p.m. on March 29, 2019 - to limit flexibility in talks with the EU that are deadlocked largely over money. May and her ministers are stepping up contacts with EU officials, trying to find ways to put pressure on negotiators in Brussels to try to push the talks forward by December, movement businesses say they need to make investment decisions.  On Wednesday, May met Manfred Weber, a leading lawmaker in the European Parliament and an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, in London, where he expressed confidence that the difficulties in the talks could be overcome. The parliamentary debate is yet another headache for a prime minister, who has lost two ministers to scandals and faces calls to fire her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, over remarks he made about a jailed Iranian-British aid worker in Iran. She has tried to ease tensions by offering lawmakers some concessions on the bill, but has yet to convince all her lawmakers, many of whom have said they will not vote with the government on at least one of the debates, namely on  exit day . ",1
14704,Migrant-smuggling gang caught in Bulgaria,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Bulgarian authorities have smashed a gang suspected of smuggling migrants into Western Europe, prosecutors said in a statement on Wednesday. Eight people, including two Pakistanis, were charged with smuggling offences after they transported migrants, mainly Pakistanis, Afghans and Iraqis, from Turkey into Romania and then to Hungary and Austria, the statement said. Six members of the gang were detained following a coordinated operation in Sofia and the Danube towns of Vidin and Lom on Tuesday. The migrants had paid between 4,000 euros ($4,700) and 6,000 euros each, the prosecutors said. Bulgaria has built a fence on its border with Turkey and has bolstered its border controls to prevent inflows of illegal migrants.  ",1
14705,"3,000 form chain of light against far right in Austrian government","VIENNA (Reuters) - At least 3,000 people formed a chain of light in Vienna on Wednesday to protest against the formation of a government that includes the far-right Freedom Party. Demonstrators holding flickering candles, torches and  bicycle lamps encircled the capital s government district.      Our republic s most powerful political offices should be exclusively reserved for trustworthy people who are not in the slightest connected to right-wing extremists,  said Alexander Pollak, spokesman for SOS Mitmensch, one of several human rights groups which organized the demonstration.  It was the biggest protest in Austria since coalition talks between the conservative People s Party (OVP) and the Freedom Party (FPO) started two weeks ago. Organizers estimated the number of people taking part at 8,000 to 10,000, the police at around 3,000.  We are here because they (the FPO) feed hatred and want to divide people,  said Brigitte Griesser, holding a candle.      But the protest was far smaller than unrest 17 years ago, when the FPO last formed a government with the OVP and more than 100,000 took to the streets.  (The shift to the right) has become a European trend... it s no longer just an Austrian issue and that s why it is not that controversial any longer,  said protester Juergen Pucher. ",1
14706,Libyan forces hit Islamic State camp with air strike: commander,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - East Libyan forces said they launched air strikes against suspected Islamic State militants on Wednesday south of the jihadist group s former stronghold of Sirte.  The Libyan air force struck and destroyed the biggest concentration of Daesh (Islamic State) south of Sirte, after monitoring the site over a period of time,  said Sherif al-Awami, an air force commander with the Libyan National Army. The site contained a large camp with military vehicles and stocks of petrol and water and had been used as a base for mounting attacks, he said. Islamic State was driven from Sirte last year and has been trying to regroup in the desert to the south, launching occasional forays into inhabited areas and attacks against local forces.  The United States has reported launching three sets of air strikes against jihadist camps in the area this year.   ",1
14707,Peru's Kuczynski denies allegations of Odebrecht links,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said on Wednesday claims he had worked as a consultant for Brazilian construction company Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL], which is embroiled in an international bribery scandal, were false. Kuczynski also said in a speech broadcast on television that he had never received any campaign donations from Odebrecht, which has admitted to paying millions of dollars of bribes in the country. The statements came a day after local newspaper El Comercio reported that the scandal-plagued company hired Kuczynski as a consultant a decade ago. Odebrecht SA acknowledged in a plea deal with U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors a year ago that it paid $29 million in bribes to officials in Peru over a decade spanning three presidencies as part of a massive graft scheme across much of Latin America and parts of Africa.  El Comercio reported that Marcelo Odebrecht, the jailed former head of the company, told prosecutors in Brazil that Odebrecht had hired Kuczynski after he served in the cabinet of former President Alejandro Toledo, and that the company might have funded his failed 2011 presidential bid.  Reuters could not verify what Odebrecht told Peruvian prosecutors in a meeting last week in Curitaba, Brazil. Kuczynski had earlier denied both any professional links and receiving campaign donations from Odebrecht on Twitter.  I did not receive any support from that company in either of my two electoral campaigns,  Kuczynski said in his speech on Wednesday.  It is fundamental that we all fight against corruption, and I am committed to that fight.   ",1
14708,"Russia, Syria armies step up attacks on Damascus enclave-rebels","AMMAN (Reuters) - The Syrian army backed by Russian jets on Wednesday stepped up shelling and air strikes on a besieged rebel-held enclave in Damascus a day after rebels stormed an army base in the area, rebels, a war monitor and residents said. The bombardment follows a surprise ground offensive by jihadist rebels on Tuesday on an army complex in the heart of the city s Eastern Ghouta region that has defied opposition assaults since the start of the conflict. The fortress-like Military Vehicles Administration in the government-held part of Harasta town has long been used to strike at the densely populated Eastern Ghouta, where over 300,000 people live under siege.  Rebels have failed in repeated offensives to seize the sprawling compound, from where surface-to-surface rockets are launched against the rebel enclave. Douma, the main city in opposition-held Eastern Ghouta, is only three km away.  The fighting is continuing and the shelling and air strikes are heavy near the base and most of the towns of the Ghouta,  said Abu Kutaiba, a military commander for Ahrar al Sham, an Islamist rebel group that has spearheaded the attack. A Syrian military source said on state media the army had repelled  terrorists who sought to infiltrate in large numbers,  killing tens and destroying their weaponry. It did not mention the heavy aerial strikes on opposition areas.  Backed by Russian strikes, government forces have escalated military operations against Eastern Ghouta in recent weeks, seeking to tighten a siege on the area, residents and rebels say. The rebel assault aims partly to relieve that pressure. The Eastern Ghouta is part of several de-escalation zones which Russia has brokered with rebels across Syria that has freed the army to redeploy in areas they can regain ground. The rebel offensive which began on Tuesday is the first since last March when mainstream Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebels staged an attack against government-held areas in northeastern Damascus. The rebels were forced to retreat after initial gains.  In retaliatory attacks, aerial strikes and shelling hit Harasta, Irbin, Misraba, Hamouriya, and Saqba towns in Eastern Ghouta with at least eight civilians killed and about 94 wounded in the last 20 hours alone, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and residents. After securing the last rebel pocket inside the capital s Qaboun district last May, the Syrian army has since concentrated its military drive against Ain Terma and Jobar, northeast of the capital in the Ghouta area.   Rebels helped by an elaborate network of underground tunnels have repelled repeated attempts to storm these areas.  The army and its militias have failed to make any progress and have had heavy losses,  said Alwan, a spokesman for the FSA s Failaq al Rahman rebel group. Backed by Russian strikes, the army has however gradually succeeded in the last year in shrinking rebel held control over Eastern Ghouta. The loss of agricultural land has compounded the humanitarian plight of civilians. The United Nations has warned of impending starvation if aid does not reach the area, where international deliveries have long been erratic and obstructed. ",1
14709,U.S. embassy defends credibility of Liberia presidential poll,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - The U.S. embassy in Liberia on Wednesday defended the credibility of last month s presidential election there, amid allegations of irregularities and fraud that have delayed a run-off poll. First-round winner George Weah, a former international football star, was initially set to face the runner-up, Vice-President Joseph Boakai, last week to determine who will replace current term-limited President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.  But the third-place finisher, Charles Brumskine, contested the outcome of the first round, claiming gross irregularities had occurred and accusing NEC officials of fraud, an allegation the body denies.  No accredited Liberian, regional, or international observation group suggested that the cumulative anomalies observed reflect systemic issues sufficient to undermine the fundamental integrity of the electoral process,  the U.S. embassy said in a statement.   Liberia s Supreme Court ordered the elections commission to fully examine Brumskine s allegations last week, a decision likely to push back the run-off date by weeks and even creates the possibility of the first round being re-run. A number of first-round candidates, including Boakai, have publicly backed Brumskine s challenge to the results and echoed his fraud allegations.  The dispute led Johnson Sirleaf, a Nobel Peace Prize winner, to state in a radio address following the Supreme Court decision that Liberia s democracy was  under threat , without elaborating.  Efforts by any actors to impede the expressed will of Liberia s people for personal ambition could risk goodwill and future investments in Liberia by international partners,  the U.S. statement warned.   Liberia, Africa s oldest modern republic, was founded by freed U.S. slaves in 1847, and maintains a special relationship with the United States. The West African timber and rubber producer is still trying to heal the wounds of one of the continent s most brutal civil wars, which ended nearly 15 years ago. A successful vote would be its first democratic transfer of power in more than seven decades.    ",1
14710,"EU cranks up criticism of Poland over court reforms, nationalist rally","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission on Wednesday voiced fresh concerns over Poland s plans to reform its courts and EU lawmakers accused Warsaw of promoting intolerance, reflecting deep fears for the rule of law in the country. Poland s nationalist, socially conservative ruling party, Law and Justice (PiS), in power since late 2015, is at loggerheads with the EU over its push to bring the courts and state media under more direct government control, as well as over migration and the logging of a primeval forest. PiS says the court reforms are needed for Poland s moral renewal and accuses the EU of heavy-handed meddling in the country s affairs. Critics say the changes threaten judicial independence and spell an erosion of democratic standards. PiS-allied President Andrzej Duda unexpectedly vetoed two of the government s judicial reforms in July and presented his own version of these draft laws, infuriating PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski and precipitating a power struggle in the ruling camp. The European Commission s deputy head, Frans Timmermans, told the European Parliament on Wednesday that even the draft laws proposed by Duda - which would row back somewhat from the options for direct government interference in the judiciary envisaged in the original PiS bills - were not acceptable.   At this preliminary stage of our assessment, the Commission already notes that certain issues in these draft laws could raise serious concerns,  Timmermans told EU lawmakers in their fifth debate on concerns about the rule of law in Poland. Timmermans urged Warsaw to align the drafts with EU democratic on judicial independence. EU concerns about developments in Poland escalated after a nationalist rally in Warsaw at the weekend that saw participants, their faces covered, waving banners bearing anti-Semitic, racist and xenophobic slogans such as  pure blood, clear mind  and  Europe will be white or uninhabited . Both Duda and Kaczynski condemned the racist banners but the government defended the march itself, held to mark the 99th anniversary of Polish independence. On Wednesday, Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said the march, an annual occurrence since 2010, was valuable and important for stirring patriotism and love for Polish history.   There were incidents, it is true, there were banners and slogans that should not be there (...). The incidents are of course, reprehensible,  Waszczykowski told reporters. But, he added, the reaction of some politicians and some global media had been  manipulated  and  extremely  exaggerated.  It is not based on facts, it is based on fake news. I did not see any banners condemning the Jews, for example (...) There were references to migrants or refugees, but I did not hear of any anti-Semitic behavior.   Interior Minister Mariusz Blaszczak, who ordered no detentions or arrests of nationalists who displayed white supremacy slogans, though some counterprotesters were detained, said he  didn t see  any racist banners and thought the Independence Day rally had passed in  a very good atmosphere . Prime Minister Beata Szydlo told the conservative wpolityce.pl news portal on Wednesday that Poland is  free  of anti-Semitism and racism.  Marginal incidents should not be identified with the whole nation,  she said.     But the International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to Szydlo s office, said it was alarmed about the resurgence of racist and anti-Semitic attitudes and public hate speech.  Knowing the tragic history of Auschwitz-Birkenau, there is no doubt where it can lead,  it said in a statement.  We therefore appeal to European governments for a strong response and effective countermeasures.  Many members of the European Parliament on Wednesday joined Jewish and human rights groups in expressing alarm at the attitudes on display during the Nov. 11 rally.  This was happening in Warsaw, in Poland, at less than 350 kilometers from Auschwitz and Birkenau,  said Guy Verhofstadt, head of the EU parliament s liberal group, referring to the Nazi death camp set up in occupied Poland where more than a million people, mostly Jews, were killed during World War Two.  Poland could still be a leader in Europe, but has degraded itself... by politicizing the constitutional court, curtailing civil society, muzzling the free media,  he said. Amnesty International echoed that criticism.  The Polish government is... increasingly restricting the freedom of assembly and expression, while peddling dangerously xenophobic rhetoric,  AI researcher Barbora Cernusakova said.     EU lawmakers voted by 438 to 152 against to demand that the 28 member states punish Warsaw by triggering Article 7 of the EU treaty, a procedure that could lead to Warsaw losing its voting rights in the bloc. Such a move is highly unlikely as it requires unanimity and Poland s ally Hungary, whose right-wing government is also under fire from Brussels, has promised to block any sanctions. A more likely punishment would be reducing the generous  development funds Poland receives from the EU. The Polish foreign ministry rejected the criticism from Timmermans and the European Parliament, accusing them of stigmatizing an EU member state.  There is nothing happening in Poland that would demand a debate by 700 members of the European Parliament,   Waszczykowski told reporters. ",1
14711,UK's Johnson vows no stone unturned to free aid worker jailed in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign minister Boris Johnson said Britain would appeal to Iran on humanitarian grounds to free a jailed aid worker but expressed reservations that granting her diplomatic protection would help secure her release, her husband said on Wednesday. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Johnson came under pressure to resign after comments he made earlier this month that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016. Critics said the comments might have prompted Iran to extend her sentence and he apologized for his remarks on Monday. The Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News, said Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.  On Wednesday, Johnson met her husband Richard Ratcliffe and told him Britain would leave no stone unturned in its bid to free her, saying the British ambassador in Tehran had earlier raised her case again with the Iranian authorities.  Johnson also stressed the importance of an appeal on humanitarian grounds, Ratcliffe told reporters, saying it had been a positive meeting. But officials had questioned whether it would help to grant his wife diplomatic protection - a move that would explicitly make Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate an issue in state-to-state relations rather than a purely consular case. A legal opinion prepared for the human rights charity Redress on Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case said the British government could grant her diplomatic protection as she is  predominantly  a British citizen who has been denied a fair trial.  I said I thought it would be important and helpful ... The foreign secretary and the Foreign Office expressed reservations,  Ratcliffe said. The Foreign Office said lawyers would meet in the next fortnight to discuss the issue further. Iran s state news agency IRNA also signaled such a move could backfire, citing comments by an unidentified international law expert.   In Iran s view, Zaghari is an Iranian citizen, and was tried, due to her illegal actions, and convicted in Iranian courts; and now she is serving her sentence,  it quoted the expert as saying.   Hence the UK s interference, other than through peaceful paths and humanitarian issues, is considered an intervention in Iran, and will (naturally) trigger Iran s severe reaction.  Ratcliffe said Johnson was  keen  to take him on a trip to Iran planned before the end of the year, which could allow him to see his wife and three-year-old daughter, who is being cared for by relatives in Iran, for the first time in 19 months.   For me it s very important to be going on that trip, to be standing alongside the foreign secretary and I understand that s a big ask. It s reasonably unprecedented, but I think it s important in our circumstances,  he said. Ratcliffe, who said his wife appeared to be on the edge of a nervous breakdown and was due to have further tests after finding lumps on her breasts, said he thought she was being used as a diplomatic bargaining chip.  There are fights that are nothing to do with us ... We re being used as a vehicle for those fights,  he said. ",1
14712,Turkey asks U.S. about jailed trader: foreign ministry sources,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey has sent a note to U.S. authorities inquiring about the condition of gold trader Reza Zarrab, held in the United States awaiting trial on charges of evading U.S. sanctions on Iran,  Turkish Foreign Ministry sources said on Wednesday.  Following media reports about Reza Zarrab, our Washington Embassy has officially requested information from U.S. authorities, and have not yet received an answer,  the ministry spokesman s office said.  We will follow up the issue.  There was speculation in Turkish media after the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons website showed that Zarrab was released from prison on Nov. 8. However a spokesman for Acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said on Monday that Zarrab remained in federal custody.  The information that Zarrab was released is not factual,  Zarrab s lawyer Seyda Yildirim told Hurriyet newspaper on Wednesday.  He might have been moved to a different section. We haven t been informed in five days, we are unable to receive any information.  Zarrab has pleaded not guilty to the charges of sanctions evasion.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said U.S. prosecutors have  ulterior motives  in the case, by including references to him and his wife in court papers. ",1
14713,Thai court looks into lawsuit against owner of Leicester City,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A Thai criminal court on Monday said it would proceed to determine whether it would hear a case in a 14 billion baht ($423 million) lawsuit brought against Thai duty-free giant King Power International, the company that owns English Premier League football club Leicester City. The Central Criminal Court for Corruption and Misconduct Cases in Bangkok said it would look into the allegations made in the lawsuit to determine whether there was a case to be heard, and would review the list of potential evidence and witnesses in February ahead of preliminary hearings.     Charnchai Issarasenanark, at the time an anti-graft official, filed the suit in a private capacity in July against the duty-free retailer, which is owned by billionaire Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha and his family. The committee of which Charnchai was a member has since become defunct as part of the military government s plan to restore democracy.    The suit accuses King Power of criminally failing to pay the Thai government 14 billion baht from the operation of the airport franchise it was granted in 2006.    The suit was also brought against executives from the state-owned airport operator, Airports of Thailand (AOT). In a statement on Monday, King Power said:  The allegations in question have yet to be accepted by the court and are categorically denied. King Power has always followed and been absolutely committed to the highest standards in proper and ethical business practice. We are proud of our company s good name and honest reputation and will fight rigorously any attempts to discredit them.  The AOT was not immediately available for comment. Self-made businessman Vichai founded King Power in 1989. The duty-free business took off in 2006 when it was granted an airport monopoly under the government of then prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, but it continued to prosper even after Thaksin s ouster in a coup that year. Vichai bought Leicester City in August 2010. The family s empire also includes Belgian football club, Oud-Heverlee Leuven, Accor s Pullman hotels in Thailand and a controlling stake in Asia Aviation Pcl, operator of low-cost carrier Thai AirAsia. ",1
14714,Lebanon accuses Saudi Arabia of holding its PM hostage,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - France said on Wednesday that Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who Lebanon s president says is being held hostage by Saudi Arabia, will visit France with his family in coming days.  Hariri travelled to Riyadh on Nov. 3 before abruptly resigning in a televised statement a day later. He has stayed in Riyadh and top Lebanese officials and senior politicians close to Hariri have told Reuters he was forced to quit.  Hariri and Saudi Arabia have both denied he is being held in Riyadh or was coerced to resign. Hariri has said he will return to Lebanon in the next few days to formally submit his resignation.    The crisis has thrust Lebanon onto the frontline of a Middle East contest for power pitting a Saudi-led bloc against Iran and its allies, including the Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah.      French President Emmanuel Macron said in a statement that he had invited Hariri to France after speaking to him and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.  The invitation is to visit for a few days and is not an offer of political exile, Macron said, speaking in Germany.   We will not accept (Hariri) remaining a hostage whose reason for detention we do not know,  Lebanese President Michel Aoun said in a statement.  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, the head of Aoun s political party, said the situation was  not normal  but that Beirut wanted  good relations  with Riyadh. Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon to formally tender it and explain his reasons, which Hariri has said he will do in the coming days.     Saudi Arabia has long been considered Hariri s main external supporter. Aoun is a political ally of Lebanon s Hezbollah, a powerful Shi ite Muslim group with close ties to Iran.  Lebanon s coalition government was formed last year through a political deal that made Aoun president, Hariri prime minister, and included members of Hezbollah in the cabinet.  Saudi Arabia last week accused Lebanon of having declared war on it because of Hezbollah s role in other Arab countries. It regards Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation.  Riyadh s main ally, the United States, has struck a different tone, continuing its support for Lebanon including military aid. The European Union has also repeatedly stated its support for Lebanon, which hosts 1.5 million Syrian refugees.  In an interview on Sunday night with a television station he owns, Hariri warned of economic sanctions against Lebanon and of a threat to the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Lebanese workers living in Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies.   Nothing justifies Hariri s lack of return for 12 days. We therefore consider him detained,  Aoun said. He added that Lebanon had confirmed that Hariri s family were under detention in their house in Saudi Arabia and were searched whenever they entered or left it.  Speaking in Italy, Foreign Minister Bassil said:  We will continue all steps...for this problem to be solved in a brotherly way through good relations that we want to have with the kingdom of Saudi Arabia.   He added, however:  If Saudi Arabia has a problem with Iran or with Hezbollah, they have to solve it with Iran, not with Lebanon and not with all the Lebanese.   Hariri wrote on Twitter that he was  perfectly fine  and would return,  God willing, to dear Lebanon as I promised . On Wednesday he said he would return in a couple of days but that his family was staying in Saudi Arabia, calling it  their country . Hariri holds Saudi nationality and his family fortune is based on the construction company - Saudi Oger - built by his father Rafik al-Hariri, who served twice as Lebanese prime minister and was assassinated in 2005.       Okab Sakr, a member of parliament for Hariri s Future Movement, told Reuters he had spoken on Wednesday to Hariri and that he told him neither he nor his family were being held.  On Tuesday, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said after meeting Bassil in Paris that she expected Hariri and his family to return to Lebanon soon.  Sources from across Lebanon s political spectrum have said Hariri struck a more compromising tone in his Sunday interview than in his resignation statement, when he bitterly attacked Iran and Hezbollah.  The sources said this represented a retreat by Riyadh attributable to Western pressure. On Wednesday, Aoun said Riyadh had not responded to Arab countries who tried to secure Hariri s return so he had asked the international community to help.  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian arrives in Riyadh late on Wednesday and is due to discuss Lebanon with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and meet Hariri on Thursday, a French diplomatic source said. France has close relations with Lebanon, which was under French control between the world wars, and with Hariri, who has a home in France and spent several years in the country. ",1
14715,France's Macron invites Hariri and family to France,"PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri and his family will travel to France in coming days, a French presidential source said on Wednesday, after Emmanuel Macron invited him as part of efforts to defuse tensions in the Middle East. Speaking in the German city of Bonn after a climate conference, Macron said his invitation was not an offer of exile for Hariri, who announced his abrupt resignation as premier 11 days ago from the Saudi capital Riyadh. Lebanese President Michel Aoun, who has refused to accept his prime minister s resignation, earlier on Wednesday accused the Saudis of holding Hariri hostage - and called this an act of aggression. Asked if he was offering Hariri exile, Macron said:  No, not at all. I hope that Lebanon will be stable, and that political choices should be in accordance with institutional rule.  We need a strong Lebanon with her territorial integrity respected. We need leaders who are free to make their own choices and speak freely.  France has close relations with Lebanon, which was under French control between the world wars, and with Hariri, who has a home in France and spent several years in the country. His father Rafik was a close friend of former French President Jacques Chirac.  Macron s invitation came after he spoke to both Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Hariri by telephone, the Elysee said in a statement.  Saudi Arabia has denied detaining Hariri or coercing him to quit. One source in the presidential Elysee Palace said Hariri was expected to arrive in France  in the coming days .  France s offer appeared to be a last-minute one, with no indication from French officials this morning that this was on the cards. A French government spokesman in a weekly briefing even called on Hariri to return to Beirut to offer his resignation. French diplomats in Paris appeared caught off-guard. They said Macron had found a way to get Hariri out of Saudi Arabia without any side losing face, but questioned how this would pan out in the longer term.   This has come out of the blue,  one diplomat said.   The president wants to ease tensions ... but we re also going round in circles. Are we just inheriting the problems?  Hariri on Wednesday reiterated on Twitter that he would soon return to Beirut. It was not clear whether he might stop in Beirut before coming to Paris.  France s foreign minister, Jean-Yves Le Drian, arrived in Riyadh on Wednesday evening to dine with Crown Prince Mohammed and will meet Hariri on Thursday afternoon.  Saudi Arabia has long been considered Hariri s main external supporter. Aoun is a political ally of Lebanon s Hezbollah, a powerful Shi ite Muslim group with close ties to Iran. Lebanon s coalition government was formed last year through a political deal that made Aoun president, Hariri prime minister, and included members of Hezbollah in the cabinet. Macron last week made a last-minute stopover in Riyadh on his way back from the Gulf to see Crown Prince Mohammed, and has since spoken to Aoun and hosted the Lebanese foreign minister in Paris on Tuesday.  ",1
14716,"Russian lawmakers approve ""foreign agents"" media law","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s lower house of parliament on Wednesday approved a law that would give Moscow the power to force foreign media to brand the news they provide to Russians as the work of  foreign agents  and also to disclose where they get their funding. The legislation needs approval from the upper house of parliament, which is likely to happen next week, and the signature of President Vladimir Putin before it becomes law.  In a sign that the authorities intend to enforce the law soon, a source in the Russian Justice Ministry said on Wednesday it had notified three U.S. news outlets they might be affected.  The source told Russian news agencies that Voice of America (VoA), a Russian unit of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) called Idel.Realias, and Current Time, produced by RFE/RL in cooperation with VoA, had all been notified. Joanna Levison, a Prague-based spokeswoman for RFE/RL, said she was not aware of any such notification. VoA and the Justice Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Russia s broadside against U.S. media is part of the fallout from allegations that the Kremlin interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year in favor of Donald Trump. U.S. intelligence officials accuse the Kremlin of using Russian media organizations it finances to influence U.S. voters, and this week Washington required Russian state broadcaster RT to register a U.S.-based affiliate company as a  foreign agent . The Kremlin denies meddling in the election and has said the restrictions on Russian broadcasters in the United States are an attack on free speech. It has vowed to retaliate by imposing restrictions on some foreign media operating in Russia. In the 450-seat State Duma, 414 lawmakers voted on Wednesday for the new bill in a third and final reading, with none against, Russian news agencies reported. If the upper chamber and Putin also back the draft, it will become law, but implementation of its provisions would be left to the discretion of the Russian government.      Putin has been fiercely critical of U.S. measures towards Russian media, but he has not given wholehearted support to the draft legislation, saying at the weekend it  might be a little too harsh .  The draft legislation states that Russian authorities can designate foreign media as  foreign agents , making them subject to the same requirements that are applied to foreign-funded non-governmental organizations under a 2012 law. That law, heavily criticized by Western governments, was an attempt by Moscow to insulate itself from a wave of popular revolutions in eastern Europe and the Middle East. Moscow said they were fomented by Western governments using civil society groups as proxies. Under the 2012 law,  foreign agents  have to include in any information they publish or broadcast to Russian audiences a mention of their  foreign agent  designation. They also have to apply for inclusion in a government register, submit regular reports on their sources of funding, on their objectives, on how they spend their money, and who their managers are. They can be subject to spot checks by the authorities to make sure they comply with the rules, according to the 2012 law.  RFE/RL s Levison said she did not want to speculate what steps Russia might take against her organization next and said RFE/RL looked forward to continuing its journalistic work. She said it was  inappropriate  to view the new Russian measures as being reciprocal since Russian-funded news outlets in the United States were still able to distribute freely.  ... RFE/RL has lost its broadcast affiliates in Russia due to administrative pressures, and has no access to cable. RFE/RL reporters are (also) subject to harassment and physical attack in Russia,  Levison added.   ",1
14717,Light aircraft crash kills 11 in Tanzania,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - At least 11 people were killed in northern Tanzania on Wednesday when a light aircraft flying to the Serengeti National Park, a popular tourist destination, crashed, the flight operator said. The Cessna Caravan light airplane, carrying a pilot and 10 passengers, was flying tourists from the northern Tanzanian town of Arusha when it went down in the Ngorongoro crater at about 0800 GMT, Coastal Aviation said in a statement. The Tanzanian air charter company said the identities of the dead would be withheld until their families are notified.  This is devastating,  the company said. The cause of the accident was unknown, police said. The nationalities of the tourists on board the aircraft could not be immediately established. Tanzania, a leading tourist destination in East Africa, is best known for its pristine beaches, wildlife safaris and Mount Kilimanjaro. Visitors mostly come from Britain, Germany, the United States and Italy. ",1
14718,Zimbabwe army told region it's not a coup: African Union chair,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s military has told regional leaders its move to seize power from President Robert Mugabe was not a coup, the head of the African Union commission, Moussa Faki Mahamat, said on Wednesday. Faki, on a visit to Washington for talks with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said he had not spoken to Mugabe but added:  The military have reassured us this is not a coup d etat. The African Union is against any unconstitutional change of government.  Zimbabwe s military seized power early on Wednesday saying it was targeting  criminals  around Mugabe, 93, who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980. ",1
14719,Merkel's EU ally says more confident about resolving Brexit problems,"LONDON (Reuters) - Manfred Weber, a leading lawmaker in the European Parliament, said on Wednesday he was more confident about Britain and the European Union ironing out difficulties in the Brexit talks. Weber, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the parliament, spoke after meeting Theresa May in London but would not say whether the British prime minister had signalled she was ready to move on a financial settlement with the EU. Negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union have stalled over the divorce bill, with EU officials increasingly frustrated that Britain has not detailed its approach to settling what it owes the bloc when it leaves in March 2019.  After my meetings here in London my main message is I am more optimistic, there is progress ... That is the most important thing because the perspective from a European point of view towards London was in the last weeks not so clear,  Weber told a news conference. Asked whether there was any movement on the financial settlement, he declined to comment on what he described as private discussions with May. A spokesman for May said in a statement that she and Weber had discussed an  implementation period  to smooth Britain s departure from the bloc, and that Weber had asked what  this would look like in practice .  The Secretary of State for Exiting the EU (Brexit minister David Davis, who was also present) outlined the need to avoid a cliff-edge (exit) - including for the stability of the financial sector across Europe,  the spokesman said. ",1
14720,"Head of Afghan election body sacked, raising doubts over 2018 ballots","KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani sacked the chairman of the country s Independent Election Commission on Wednesday, raising doubts over whether parliamentary and council ballots scheduled for next year will take place as planned. Najibullah Ahmadzai, head of the body charged with organizing the elections, had faced growing pressure following repeated delays to preparations for them and had lost the support of both Ghani and disillusioned foreign donors. The 2018 votes are seen as dry runs for a presidential election in 2019 and a key test of the progress made by Afghanistan s Western-backed government towards establishing durable democratic institutions. Following a contentious presidential election in 2014, marred by allegations of massive voter fraud on both sides, international donor countries have laid heavy emphasis on the need for successful elections next year. But planning has been beset by a mix of technical and political problems that have made the officially scheduled date of July 2018 increasingly unrealistic. Five members of the seven-member IEC wrote to Ghani this week accusing Ahmadzai of was incompetence. Ambitious plans for a biometric voter registration system had to be abandoned and squabbling between members of parliament and Ghani s fragile National Unity Government over issues including who sits on the election commission have caused months of delay. The problems underline the fragility of the political institutions created in Afghanistan since a U.S.-led campaign brought down the Taliban in 2001. The bitter 2014 presidential election produced no agreed winner and led to a U.S.-brokered deal which saw former rivals Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah forced into an uneasy coalition that has struggled to win popular support. District council elections have never been held, despite being mandated in the 2004 constitution, while the current parliament s term was supposed to end in June 2015 but has been extended due to the difficulty of holding new elections. Last month, officials from international partners including the United Nations told the Afghan government that even under the most favorable conditions, the earliest date on which an election could feasibly be held was Oct. 2018.  Many Western diplomats believe even that date is impossible. If not ready by October, Afghanistan s mountainous terrain, bad roads and lack of security mean that registering voters and setting up balloting stations across the country are likely to face severe delays over the winter months, potentially pushing the date into the following year. ",1
14721,France's Macron says not offering Hariri exile,"BONN, Germany (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday said his invitation on Wednesday to Lebanon s prime minister Saad al-Hariri to come to France was not an offer of political exile.  No, not at all,  Macron told reporters in Bonn when asked if he was handing Hariri exile.  I hope that Lebanon will be stable, and that political choices should be in accordance with institutional rule.    We need a strong Lebanon with her territorial integrity respected. We need leaders who are free to make their own choices and speak freely.   ",1
14722,At least 15 dead in flash floods on Greek coast,"MANDRA, Greece (Reuters) - Flash floods killed at least 15 people, made scores homeless and destroyed infrastructure in Greece on Wednesday after a raging torrent inundated two coastal towns west of Athens following a night of heavy rain. In devastation locals said was unprecedented in scale, an overnight deluge triggered flash floods in the industrial towns of Nea Peramos and Mandra in the foothills of a mountain just west of Athens. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras declared a period of national mourning.  These are very difficult moments for Greece. We are living a great disaster,  he said in a state address.  Immediately and without delay support measures will be adopted for households and businesses affected,  he said, without going into details. Residents said they were woken on Wednesday morning by rainwater and mud coming through their homes. As the scale of destruction became clearer during the day, large areas were covered in water and mud. In some areas floodwaters rose to the first story of small buildings.  There was just an incredible amount of water which caused raging torrents,  said Yiannis Kapakis, the head of Greece s civil protection service. Torrential rain of this type is uncommon in Greece, where poor infrastructure can leave citizens vulnerable to flooding. It has been raining steadily for about a week, and the country s met office issued a new severe weather warning for Thursday. Some residents were forced onto rooftops and balconies while cars were thrust onto porches of homes, rammed like dodgem vehicles into tree trunks or tipped onto their side.   This is a biblical disaster,  Mandra Mayor Yianna Krikouki told state broadcaster ERT.  Everything is gone.  The Attica prefecture, the administrative district for both towns, said it would seek assistance from the EU Solidarity Fund, set up to respond to natural disasters. A state of emergency was declared in the region.  The walls collapsed, the cars were carried away and they broke everything here. There is nothing left,  resident Marina Kolia said.  Water is everywhere in the house.  Mandra and Nea Peramos have a combined population of about 20,000. Many Greek housing settlements are built without taking into account town planning regulations. An Athens prosecutor ordered an urgent preliminary investigation into the deaths and destruction caused and was also investigating possible urban planning offences. On Tuesday, Greece declared a state of emergency on the eastern island of Symi, just off the coast of Turkey, after a storm swept cars into the sea, damaged homes and cut off electricity and water supplies. ",1
14723,Eyes on the 'Crocodile' as Zimbabwe military sweeps to power,"HARARE (Reuters) - When Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe sacked his vice-president in front of 12,000 baying party members in 2014, Emmerson Mnangagwa sat quietly in the crowd, a green baseball cap pulled low over his eyes. The man who stood to gain most from the dismissal betrayed nothing through his expression and gentle clapping - a survival tactic honed during five decades of service to the mercurial Mugabe. His cap, however, spoke volumes. Emblazoned across its front, next to a portrait of Mugabe, were four words:  Indigenise, Empower, Develop, Employ  - a slogan of the ruling ZANU-PF party. Speaking at the congress, Mnangagwa reinforced the message from his headgear, announcing revisions to the party s constitution that backed  total ownership and control  of Zimbabwe s natural resources. It was a key insight to the party s direction as it contemplated life beyond Mugabe.  We will remain forever masters of our own destiny,  Mnangagwa said, to cheers from the crowd. With Mugabe, 93, held following Wednesday s military takeover in Harare, questions have arisen about what the future holds for Mnangagwa, whose sacking from the post of vice president last week brought the political crisis to a head.  There are no arguments around his credentials to provide strong leadership and stability, but there are questions over whether he can also be a democrat,  said Eldred Masunungure, a political science lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe. The whereabouts of Mugabe s wife Grace, 52, whose prospects of succeeding the president appeared to have been helped by Mnangagwa s dismissal, are presently unknown.   With his appointment in 2014 as official deputy to Mugabe, Mnangagwa had appeared well set as the eventual successor to Africa s oldest head of state. The 75-year-old was one of Mugabe s most trusted lieutenants, having been at his side in prison, during wartime and then in government. Along the way, he earned the nickname  Ngwena , Shona for crocodile, an animal famed in Zimbabwean lore for its stealth and ruthlessness. Mnangagwa backed Mugabe s economic nationalism, especially a drive to force foreign firms to hand majority stakes to local blacks, suggesting he may not be the pro-market pragmatist many investors were hoping for. He has been in every administration since independence, holding posts as varied as minister of state security, defense and finance, as well as speaker of parliament. Most controversially, he was in charge of internal security in the mid-1980s when Mugabe deployed a crack North Korean-trained brigade against rebels loyal to his rival Joshua Nkomo. Rights groups say 20,000 civilians, mostly from the Ndebele tribe, were killed. Mugabe denies genocide or crimes against humanity but has admitted it was a  moment of madness . Mnangagwa s role remains shrouded in mystery, typical of a political operator trained as a communist guerrilla in China in the 1960s and who always stayed in the shadows behind Mugabe. Secretive and insular, he prefers to operate under the radar, those in his inner circle say, and when pushed into a corner, resorts to jokes and trivia to avoid serious discussion.  I wouldn t say he is deceptive but it s fair to say his default position is to crack jokes and deflect uncomfortable questions by asking endless questions,  one member of parliament close to him said.  He is very conscious that his public image is that of a hard man but he is a much more complex personality - pleasant and an amazing story-teller,  the politician, also from Mnangagwa s Midlands Province, told Reuters. Mnangagwa s appointment as vice president appointment came a day after his predecessor Joice Mujuru was fired for allegedly planning to topple Mugabe. Asked whether the purge would weaken the party, a smiling Mnangagwa said:  The revolution has a way of strengthening itself. It goes through cycles, this is another cycle where it rids itself of elements that had now become inconsistent with the correct line.  Mnangagwa learnt his politics in prison in the 1960s after being sentenced to death for sabotage by British authorities following his capture while in one of the earliest guerrilla units fighting white colonial rule in what was then Rhodesia. He was 19 and only spared the noose by a law prohibiting the execution of convicts under 21. After a decade in prison, often sharing a cell with Mugabe, Mnangagwa became personal assistant to the leader of the liberation struggle, and went on to head the guerrilla movement s feared internal security bureau. In January, a photograph appeared in local media showing Mnangagwa enjoying drinks with a friend. In his hand was a large novelty mug emblazoned with the words:  I M THE BOSS.  To supporters of Mugabe, this bordered on treason. They suspected that Mnangagwa already saw himself in the leader s shoes. When Mugabe fired Mnangagwa as vice president last week for showing  traits of disloyalty , he removed a possible successor who was also one of his last remaining liberation war comrades. But relations had already cooled between the two men after suggestions by Mnangagwa s allies in August that he had been poisoned by ice cream from a dairy owned by the Mugabes. ",1
14724,"Britain's May sees off challenges to Brexit plan, so far","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s blueprint to leave the European Union emerged unscathed on Tuesday from a first day of debate in parliament on legislation to sever ties with the bloc. The debate, expected to last for weeks, is on the EU withdrawal bill, seen by May as crucial to give companies confidence that there will be no major legal changes that affect business when Britain leaves the EU in March 2019. Opponents want to use the debate to force concessions on May s plan for leaving the bloc, but the initial challenges - including on the hour and day Britain should pull out as well as on the future role of the EU court - were voted down or dropped. The prime minister will face tougher battles as the debate goes on, testing her ability to steer through a bill intended largely to  copy and paste  European rules and regulations into British law by the time it leaves the 28-member EU. Her absence from parliament on Tuesday due to other engagements suggested she was not unduly worried by the initial discussion. But the debate s ill-tempered tone showed the level of anger in parliament with a government which some lawmakers say is mounting a power grab to force through its plans. With catcalls, sarcastic jokes and jeers being bandied about - not just between the two main parties, as is the custom, but often within them - many of the divisions before Britain voted in June 2016 to leave the EU re-emerged.  You re a disgrace,  one Conservative lawmaker yelled at another, while a Labour member of parliament openly quarreled with his colleagues in the main opposition party over which way their supporters voted in last year s referendum. Anna Soubry, a Conservative lawmaker, went on to criticize the  bullying  tactics of the Telegraph newspaper, who published the names of those politicians in May s party who voted against the government on the exact timing of Brexit. Behind the debate was the fear of pro-Brexit lawmakers that Britain may never leave the EU, and of pro-EU lawmakers who are worried Britain might crash out of the EU without a deal. The debates go to the heart of what parliament calls  one of the largest legislative projects ever undertaken in the UK , a process that could undermine May s already fragile authority. May, 61, has lost two ministers to scandals and her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, is facing calls to resign over remarks he made about a jailed Iranian-British aid worker in Iran. The Sunday Times has reported that 40 Conservatives support a no-confidence vote. May s Conservative government depends on a small Northern Irish party for its majority since a June election which dented her authority, and many lawmakers - even some Conservatives - will use the debate to increase pressure. The prime minister has tried to ease tensions by offering lawmakers some concessions on the bill before the debate began. But her moves have not yet eased everyone s concerns. One of her lawmakers, pro-EU Ken Clarke, ended his speech by saying:  I am a rebel.  ",1
14725,Sweden says Congo not helping investigation into murder of U.N. monitor,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish prosecutors accused Democratic Republic of Congo s government on Wednesday of not cooperating with their investigation into the murder of a U.N. sanctions monitor from Sweden. Zaida Catalan and her American colleague, Michael Sharp, were shot dead in March and found in a shallow grave in an area of central Congo where they had been gathering information on a conflict between the army and a militia. Congo s government has arrested more than a dozen people in connection with the killings, which it blames on the militia - though one report to the U.N. Security Council suggested state security services could also be involved. The Swedish Prosecution Authority launched its own investigation into Catalan s death, and said on Wednesday it had received no response to a request it made in April for information from Congolese authorities.  The Swedish investigation is facing severe difficulties given the fact that it is completely reliant on evidence that exists in the Congo and cooperation is not working with Congo,  prosecutor Sara Nilsson said in the statement. Material that Swedish authorities had managed to collect  does not exclude that persons who have close ties to the regime in Congo are involved in the murders,  the Authority added. In April, Congo s government screened a video to reporters, which it said showed members of the militia killing Catalan and Sharp. But analysts said the grainy footage raised more questions than it answered and Nilsson told Reuters the screening had tainted important evidence.  Congo s government spokesman Lambert Mende has denied Congolese officials were involved in the murders and said on Wednesday that it was up to Swedish authorities to provide information to the Congolese court hearing the case, not the other way around.  Justice is rendered here because the crime was committed here,  Mende said.  If they have information that the court might not be able to access, they should give it to the court.  The conflict in Kasai region between Congo s army and the Kamuina Nsapu militia has killed as many as 5,000 people and displaced around 1.5 million more since August last year.  The United Nations has repeatedly accused Congolese forces of using excessive force and targeting civilians with alleged ties to the militia. The government denies those charges. ",1
14726,Zimbabweans in South Africa hope for change at home as army seizes power,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabweans living in South Africa hope the move by the military to seize power from President Robert Mugabe will end corruption, abuse of power and economic hardships, even though uncertainty remained as to who was in charge. Zimbabwe s military seized power early on Wednesday saying it was targeting  criminals  around Mugabe, 93, who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980. Several million Zimbabweans have fled the country, mostly to South Africa, after the economy shrank by more than a third from 2000 to 2008 following the collapse of the agriculture sector. Unemployment rose to over 80 percent. Many in the diaspora said they were happy to see change back home at last.  I think it s a step in the right direction for a political situation which was now a joke,  Kevin Mpofu, 28, said.  The arrests that have happened so far are a celebration for many Zimbabweans tired of the corruption and abuse of power.  A 30-year-old Zimbabwean working as a marketing officer in South Africa who gave his name as Billy said it was  about time but it might be 20 years too late.  He worried that one strongman might follow another:  It may be hard in future to remove that person as well. We might have another 37 years ahead of us of a single person.  The main goal of the generals appears to be preventing Mugabe s wife Grace, 52, from succeeding him. The military stepped in after Mugabe sacked his presumed successor, Vice President Emerson Mnangagwa, last week. Mnangagwa s unexpected downfall followed months of sometimes vitriolic attacks by Grace Mugabe, who used national rallies organized by ZANU-PF youths to attack her party rivals.  We have suffered way too long under Mugabe, and ironically to some point Grace Mugabe is our hero. If it wasn t for her big mouth and her big ego this situation would not have happened,  said 36 year-old Mbangeni Nyathi, Johannesburg-based spokesman for Tajamuka, a pressure group calling for change in Zimbabwe.  We are not sure who is in charge but we are ready for any kind of change. Our hope is for the military to pave way for free and fair elections,  he added. Zimbabwe s economy briefly stabilized from 2010-2014 when Mugabe was forced to accept a power-sharing government with the opposition, but since then the recovery has unraveled. A chronic shortage of dollars has led to long queues outside banks and imported goods are running out. Asked if he would return to Zimbabwe if the economy was revived, Billy said:  Definitely, there is no place like home.  ",1
14727,Memories in milk bottles: Polish exhibition 'shouts out' annihilation story of Warsaw Ghetto,"WARSAW (Reuters) - A deeply moving exhibition of archives documenting the life and annihilation of Jews by Nazi Germany in the Warsaw Ghetto during World War Two goes on public display in Poland on Thursday. The  What We Could Not Shout Out To The World  exhibition will for the first time display original documents prepared and hidden by historian Emanuel Ringelblum and a few dozen helpers who risked their lives in the Ghetto to save whatever was possible for posterity. Nazi occupiers in 1940 corralled some 400,000 Jews into a small section of Warsaw most of whom were then sent to camps to be killed or died from the conditions in the Ghetto itself. The Ghetto was destroyed in 1943 when the Nazis, attempting more deportations, were met with fierce opposition and a month long uprising. The exhibition marks the completion of many years of work to organize and translate the archives, and often decipher the documents that were partly damaged. Ringelblum and all but three of his aides perished in the Holocaust. But deep under the rubble of the burnt-down Ghetto they left a one-of-a-kind, meticulous chronicle of extermination.  We want to help shout out all that they said, find a language that will make this archive well-known and accessible,  said Pawel Spiewak, head of the Jewish Historical Institute in Warsaw where the exhibition is held. The Ringelblum archive, consisting of more than 35,000 pages, survived the war and destruction of the Warsaw Ghetto in 10 metal cases and two metal milk bottles that were recovered in 1946 and 1950, respectively. In 1999, the Ringelblum archives were assigned  Memory of the World  status by UNESCO, along with such Polish documents as the original manuscripts of composer Frederic Chopin and the treatises of astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus.  We want to show that this archive deserves this title,  Spiewak said.  It has to be shown and that people have to see it.      The archives include documents in Polish, German and Yiddish, Nazi proclamations and Jewish appeals, ghetto ration cards, tram tickets, private letters and photographs depicting life in the ghetto. ",1
14728,Gunmen shoot dead police officer and family in southwest Pakistan,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Gunmen on a motorcycle shot dead a senior Pakistani police officer, as well as his wife, son and grandson on Wednesday as the family was driving in Baluchistan province, officials said.  Two attackers opened fire on the vehicle carrying District Superintendent Muhammad Ilyas and his relatives to Quetta, the capital of the southwestern region, police said. His four-year-old granddaughter survived and was taken to hospital, they added. Authorities say there has been a surge in attacks on security officials in Baluchistan, with five suicide bombings and one armed attack targeting police in the past six months. No group immediately claimed responsibility for Wednesday s shooting - though Sunni militants and sectarian groups linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State, as well as the Taliban, operate in the region that borders Afghanistan and Iran. Separatists have also fought a long insurgency there, demanding a greater share of the region s gas and mineral resources and an end to what they say is discrimination.  Baluchistan is at the center of the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a planned transport and energy link from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar.  ",1
14729,Bahrain says deadly bus attack engineered by Iran,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain said on Wednesday a bomb attack on a police bus which killed an officer and wounded nine last month was carried out by a militant cell trained by its arch-foe Iran. After authorities quashed Shi ite Muslim-led  Arab Spring  protests on the Sunni-ruled island in 2011, militants have launched deadly bombing and shooting attacks against security forces that Bahrain blames on Tehran s Shi ite theocracy.  Iran denies any role in Bahrain s unrest. There was no immediate Iranian reaction to Wednesday s Bahraini interior ministry statement, which added that authorities had arrested one member of the cell while others were fugitives in Iran.  The terrorist cell received extensive training in Iranian Revolutionary Guard camps on the use and manufacture of explosives and firearms, as well as material and logistical support,  the ministry said. Bahrain said earlier this week that an explosion at its main oil pipeline on Friday was caused by  terrorist  sabotage, linking the unprecedented attack to Iran. A key Western ally and host to the U.S. Fifth Fleet, Gulf Arab monarchy Bahrain has for years grappled with protests and sporadic violence coming from its Shi ite majority. ",1
14730,Kidnapped Saudi released in Lebanon: Lebanese news agency,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kidnappers in Lebanon have released a Saudi Arabian man whose abduction was announced by Riyadh last week, Lebanon s National News Agency reported on Wednesday.  The case comes during a diplomatic crisis between Lebanon and Saudi Arabia.   The kidnapped Saudi ... was released. He was handed over to the Lebanese army intelligence,  the agency reported.  Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have advised their citizens against traveling to Lebanon and urged those already there to leave as tensions have risen.  Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Wednesday accused Saudi Arabia of holding hostage Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanon s prime minister on Nov. 4 in a televised statement broadcast from Riyadh, where he had traveled on Nov. 3.  Saudi Arabia and Hariri both deny that he is being held by the kingdom.  When Saudi Arabia said last week that one of its nationals had been abducted, Lebanese Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk said the safety of Saudi residents and visitors was a priority for the Lebanese authorities. ",1
14731,"Against the clock, German parties haggle over immigration, euro budget","BERLIN (Reuters) - With just one day left to conclude exploratory talks on forming a new coalition government, German parties were still far apart on Wednesday on the hot issue of immigration and the future governance of the euro zone. Merkel, 63, wants the exploratory talks to end on Thursday, when German media expect her to press all sides to strike a compromise before moving to formal negotiations that could lead to her securing a fourth term as Chancellor. Merkel is hoping to put together an unlikely alliance of her conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the ecologist Greens - a combination untested at national level but a deal which could head off fresh elections. The parties are struggling to reach agreement on the touchy issue of immigration, with the Greens firmly opposed to a conservative plan to cap at 200,000 per year the number of migrants Germany will accept for humanitarian reasons. The parties are also at odds over the number of foreigners who qualify to join relatives granted asylum in Germany. Differences over whether Germany should back a French proposal to create a joint euro zone budget also highlight the difficulties Merkel faces in trying to forge the awkward alliance. A document seen by Reuters, describing a possible government s stance on European issues, contains bracketed sentences reflecting areas of disagreement that must be settled by party leaders on Wednesday.  [The following compromise proposal could not be reached: There is a need for a capacity to buffer extraordinary, unpredictable economic emergency situations which are beyond the control of individual member states...],  one passage reads. Another sentence, described as the FDP position read:  We do not support a fiscal capacity in order to buffer the effects of economic shocks.  The paper contains two alternate phrasings on the banking union, one supported by Merkel s conservatives and the left-leaning Greens, and another with more hardline language backed by the pro-business FDP. THWARTING THE FAR-RIGHT Merkel needs a deal to head off fresh elections that mainstream politicians fear could see the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) make further gains after it surged into parliament for the first time after a September election. Businesses are eager for the parties to reach a deal.  We believe that all parties involved have understood the urgency to reach an agreement by Christmas,  said Dieter Kempf, chief of Germany s largest industry association, the BDI, warning that prolonged uncertainty could hit investment. The mood music coming out of the talks has been mixed. Late on Tuesday, Merkel and other senior conservatives drank wine with Greens co-leader Katrin Goering-Eckardt, conservative party sources said. But the coalition negotiations are complicated by the dynamics within the conservative bloc, which comprises Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU). The CSU, worried about losing support in a state election next year, is uncompromising on immigration - a risk for the three-way  Jamaica  coalition, so-called because the parties  colours match those of the Caribbean country s flag. CSU Secretary General Andreas Scheuer said his party was ready to compromise, but added:  It is becoming ever more clear that Jamaica is not a pleasure trip.  ",1
14732,Europe could be next mission for Merkel's 'Mr Fix It',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Peter Altmaier once said he would never rise to the top tier of German politics because of his appearance   he is a huge man who seems perpetually dishevelled, with shirt untucked and tie askew.   But Chancellor Angela Merkel s chief of staff and stand-in finance chief could become the most influential minister in her next coalition government, senior officials say.     In recent years, Merkel has often turned to Altmaier, who is known as her  Allzweckwaffe  (all purpose weapon), to carry out the most sensitive and complex tasks, from securing majorities for unpopular Greek bailouts to coordinating the government s response to the 2015 refugee crisis.   Since a Sept. 24 election, he has also emerged as a bridge builder between the disparate parties in coalition talks.   If the talks succeed, some officials believe Merkel will try to keep him at the finance ministry so he can tackle what may be the biggest challenge of her fourth term: brokering a deal with French President Emmanuel Macron on a reform of the European Union.  If Merkel made him finance minister for this transition period, then it is a sign that she trusts him to do this job in the future,  a senior aide to the chancellor told Reuters.   Henrik Enderlein, head of the Delors Institut in Berlin, a think tank, said it would send a  very strong signal  to France if Altmaier continued in the finance ministry post.   The liberal Free Democrats (FDP) are expected to have first choice of ministry in the new government. But if their leader Christian Lindner does not claim the finance ministry for himself, Altmaier could be in pole position.    Although the FDP and members of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) are skeptical about some of Macron s proposals - notably his idea to create a budget and finance minister for the euro zone - some believe Altmaier s tone alone would inject new momentum into the relationship between Berlin and Paris.   Altmaier, who declined to speak to Reuters for this story, has not said publicly whether he is interested in becoming finance minister permanently  After meeting French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire last week, he said not all proposals from Paris would be greeted with  unlimited enthusiasm . But he added:  I never made it a secret that I m an advocate of Franco-German cooperation.   A jovial 59-year-old from the state of Saarland on the French border, Altmaier stands out among politicians and the officials in Merkel s close entourage, dominated by technocrats. The son of a coal miner and a nurse, Altmaier was the first prominent German politician to actively embrace Twitter.   He hosts extravagant dinners at his vast apartment in west Berlin, cooking  Gefilde    a Saarland specialty of potato dumplings filled with liverwurst and soaked in a bacon-cream sauce   for guests of all political stripes.   Altmaier speaks fluent English, French and Dutch and, unlike his boss, is a master communicator.  He also likes to make fun of himself, particularly his weight, which he estimated several years ago at 140 kilos (309 pounds) but now describes as a  state secret .    I may not be the  wichtigste  (most important) minister but I am the  gewichtigste  (heaviest),  he has joked. After years as Merkel s  Mr Fix It , some CDU officials see him as a dark horse candidate to succeed the chancellor one day.   As parliamentary whip for the CDU, he won over skeptics about the Greek bailouts with home-cooked meals and red wine.    The thinner the majority, the fatter Altmaier gets,  Bundestag members used to quip.   Later, as Merkel s environment minister, he brought order to her nuclear power phase-out and was appointed her chief of staff in 2013. Two years later, she turned to Altmaier for help over the arrival of hundreds of thousands of refugees and again this year to write the CDU s election program.   In coalition talks between Merkel s conservatives, the FDP and Greens, Altmaier has been a mediator, gently nudging the parties closer together, participants say. Like Merkel, he is a CDU moderate. After joining the Bundestag in 1994, he incurred the wrath of traditionalists by pushing for a reform of strict German citizenship laws and the rehabilitation of World War Two deserters. He was part of the  Pizza Connection , a group of young lawmakers from the CDU and Greens who met regularly at an Italian restaurant in Bonn, when the environmentalist party was viewed as a radical, fringe group by many conservatives.   Before entering German politics, Altmaier studied European law and worked at the European Commission, later participating in the European Convention that led to the EU s Lisbon Treaty.    Altmaier is one of a small number of top-tier German politicians who has real experience in Brussels,  said Martin Selmayr, chief of staff to European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, who worked with Altmaier in the Convention in 2002.  He is a committed European and would be a powerful pro-European voice in any German government.  ",1
14733,South Korea postpones university exam after rare earthquake,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea postponed its annual university entrance exam by a week on Wednesday after a rare earthquake rattled the country, shaking buildings and causing damage but no deaths. Minister of Education Kim Sang-kon said the hugely competitive exam, scheduled for Thursday, would be postponed for the first time ever because of a natural disaster. It was the country s second-biggest earthquake on record.  A fair amount of damage was reported,  Kim told a media briefing.  Due to the continued aftershocks, we are seeing many citizens, including students, unable to return home.  The exam would now be held on Nov. 23 to ensure conditions were fair for everyone, he said. The 5.4 magnitude quake struck about 9 km (5 miles) north of the southeastern port city of Pohang, the Korea Meteorological Administration said. Shaking was felt across the country and there were numerous reports of minor damage. Operations at nuclear reactors were not affected, the state-run nuclear operator Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co said. The university entrance exam is taken very seriously.   Commercial airliners do not fly during listening portions of the exam, while financial markets open later in the day to ensure light traffic for students to get to their exam centers. The country s foreign exchange and stock markets will still open an hour late (0100 GMT) on Thursday, South Korean financial authorities said in text messages. South Korea has relatively little seismic activity, compared with Japan to the east. Its strongest quake on record was magnitude 5.8 in September last year. The Meteorological Administration said nearly 20 aftershocks had shaken the region and more were expected in coming days. ",1
14734,Murder and money laundering in Malta -- a challenge for EU,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has called very publicly for Malta to bring to justice the killers of a journalist who accused the Mediterranean island s leaders of profiting from global corruption. But it has for years been much less vocal   and had little success   in ensuring Malta act to prevent money laundering, according to sources familiar with the work of the Maltese authorities and a Reuters review of EU and Maltese data. The data show the smallest EU state has been slow to apply international guidelines on naming firms that do not take action against dubious practices, and the number of convictions and sanctions for money laundering has been low. Malta has also consistently registered fewer reports of  suspect transactions  from banks, casinos and other financial operators than any other EU state, according to the data, despite having a  disproportionately large financial sector.  The European Parliament urged the European Commission, the EU s executive, on Wednesday to investigate Malta s adherence to the rule of law and voiced  serious concerns  about police independence and international money-laundering on the island. [L8N1NL4LI] But criticism of Malta on money laundering   in low-key reports by international supervisory bodies and by anti-corruption campaigner Daphne Caruana Galizia, killed by a car bomb on Oct. 16   appears so far to have had little impact.  Malta has sold its sovereignty to dirty money. The European Commission should take a more active role in investigating the condition of rule of law in Malta,  Sven Giegold, a member of  European Parliament from Germany s Greens party who campaigns against financial crime, told Reuters.  He said an international investigator was needed to counter a  culture of impunity and fiddling between political and economic elites  in Malta. Prime Minister Joseph Muscat told Reuters last month Malta s  financial services sector was  as transparent, solid and compliant as any other European jurisdiction . European Commission Vice President Frans Timmermans told lawmakers on Tuesday the EU executive had  no general concerns  about Malta s compliance with anti-money laundering laws though   improvements could be made on various levels.  Despite having a population of only 420,000, Malta, a former British naval stronghold south of Sicily, has a financial sector that dwarfs many EU countries. It is also the European leader in online gaming.  In 2016, assets of banks and financial institutions in Malta were more than 20 times its gross domestic product, about five times the equivalent figure for Germany and nearly four times the euro zone average, European Central Bank figures show. Yet in a report on the EU s anti-money laundering efforts that was released without fanfare in September, Europol said Malta reported fewer suspect transactions than other EU states between 2008, when it adopted the euro, and 2014. Europol also raised concerns that Malta and Cyprus may be failing to report as many cases as they should.  The supervisory authorities  receive very few reports given the size of their banking sectors and the significance of these jurisdictions in offshore financial services,  Europol said. Malta s Financial Intelligence Analysis Unit (FIAU), the country s anti-money laundering agency, received 202 reports of suspect transactions in 2014, the last year for which Europol data are available. Lithuania recorded the next fewest   over 50 percent more than Malta in a financial sector one sixth the size. By contrast, the Netherlands, a much bigger economy, reported 277,532 dubious movements in 2014, the highest number in the euro zone. FIAU s deputy director, Alfred Zammit, told Reuters it was impossible to conduct a  meaningful comparison  among EU countries based on available statistics because of different structures and reporting regimes in member states.  It is indeed arguable that given the size of the financial sector in Malta, one would expect to see more suspicious transaction reports submitted to the FIAU,  Zammit said. But he said Malta was tackling the problem by increasing awareness of the obligation to report by organizing training sessions. The annual number of reports in Malta more than doubled  from 2014 to 2017 although the proportion of those that were passed to the police fell to 11 percent last year from 24 percent in 2013, FIAU data show.  The Maltese police and the FIAU did not respond to questions from Reuters on how many of these cases were investigated or led to successful prosecutions. Malta s court handed down four money laundering criminal convictions last year but disclosed none in the financial sector.  The results of a European Parliament inquiry released this month said the number of convictions was  extremely low  and the institutions implementing and enforcing rules on money laundering were  highly politicized . Banks not complying with money-laundering rules have received small fines which in few cases were made public, contrary to guidelines recommending exposure to deter wrongdoing.  Zammit said the public disclosure of a higher number of sanctioned institutions would have been  disproportionate when compared to the nature of the breach .  Moneyval, the anti-money laundering watchdog of the Council of Europe, Europe s leading human rights organization, has also raised concerns. It said in a 2012 report that Malta s reporting of suspicious transactions was low for the size of its market. In a subsequent report in 2015, Moneyval found the country  largely compliant . A Moneyval spokesman told Reuters the latest report was however not based on a full assessment of the Maltese legal framework. The European Parliament urged Maltese authorities on Wednesday to look into allegations of money laundering against Pilatus Bank, which has its headquarters on the island.  Maltese police and Pilatus Bank did not reply to questions from Reuters about allegations against the bank.  For graphic click tmsnrt.rs/2AKVblJ ",1
14735,"UK has reservations about diplomatic protection for jailed aid worker in Iran, husband says","LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has reservations about granting diplomatic protection to an Iranian-British aid worker jailed in Iran, her husband said on Wednesday. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, met Johnson earlier on Wednesday. Ratcliffe said he hoped Johnson, who will travel to Iran within the next few weeks, will bring his wife home in time for Christmas. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters. The Foundation operates independently of Reuters News.  ",1
14736,Maldives investigation alleges two suspects were planning suicide attack in capital,"MALE (Reuters) - Two Maldivians suspected of having links to Islamic State (IS)militants were planning to carry out a suicide attack in the country s capital, government officials said on Wednesday. The two, in their 20s, have been in detention since September but officials are now asking for them to be charged in criminal court.      The police investigation found out that they are affiliated with IS and they had planned to carry out an attack in Male,  Adam Thaufeeq, a spokesman at the Prosecutor General s office told Reuters. He declined to elaborate on specific location or the time of the planned attack. Male City, a two square mile island with a population of 150,000, is one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Maldives authorities made several arrests in September, after the United Kingdom updated its Maldives travel advisory, saying militants were  very likely  to carry out an attack in the country. Officials have also told Reuters that the authorities detained two Maldivians in Turkey en route to Syria to join IS fighters in September.  Significant numbers of radicalised Maldives youths have enlisted to fight for Islamic State in the Middle East and President Abdulla Yameen s government has brought some new laws to arrest Maldivians joining the group.    ",1
14737,Senior official in US-backed Syria forces defects to Turkey-rebels,"AMMAN (Reuters) - A senior commander defected to Turkey on Wednesday from the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a leading combatant in the fight against Islamic State, Syrian rebel officials said, in the first such departure from its higher ranks. They said Brigadier General Talal Silo handed himself in at dawn to the Free Syrian Army (FSA), an adversary of the SDF, near Jarablus city in northern Syria where he was then escorted to Turkey, which backs some FSA groups in that area. The officials gave no reason for move by Silo, who was the SDF spokesman, but it follows months of growing discontent by some Arab tribes with the SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab forces that is dominated by the Kurdish YPG.  Many local Arab tribes in areas controlled by the SDF complain they are marginalized in decision making and blame the YPG for discrimination against them, including the forced     conscription of their youths. The YPG denies these allegation.  Silo was secretly coordinating with commanders from the FSA and when he entered areas under their control he then crossed into Turkish territory,  said Ibrahim al-Idlibi, an FSA spokesman.  Kurdish fighters, alongside Arab allies, U.S. advisers and coalition jets, have driven Islamic State from swathes of territory including its former Syrian headquarters in Raqqa city. The Kurdish YPG militia and its political allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north, and now control nearly a quarter of Syria. Their influence angers neighbor Turkey, which considers the YPG an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers  Party that has fought a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil. The U.S.-led coalition said it was  aware of reports of Talal Silo s apparent departure from the SDF, but have no further details on his current status at this time.  Reuters could not immediately reach the SDF for comment.  U.S.-backed militias and the Syrian army have been advancing in separate offensives against Islamic State in eastern Syria, piling pressure on a small stretch of remaining territory the group still holds in oil-rich areas near the Iraqi border.  ",1
14738,Russia tells two U.S. news outlets they may be affected by new 'foreign agent' law: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Justice Ministry has notified Voice of America and a Russian unit of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty that they might be affected by a new  foreign agent  media law, Russian news agencies cited a ministry source as saying on Wednesday. Russia s lower house of parliament gave preliminary approval earlier on Wednesday to a law giving Moscow the power to designate foreign media operating in Russia as  foreign agents  required to disclose where they get their funding and how they spend it.  A Prague-based spokeswoman for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty said she was not aware of any such notification. Voice of America did not immediately respond to a request for comment, while calls to their office in Moscow went unanswered. The Justice Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",1
14739,Russian long-range bombers strike Islamic State targets in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six Russian long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets near the town of Albu Kamal in Syria s Deir al-Zor Province on Wednesday, the Russian Defence Ministry said in a statement. The TU-22M3 bombers took off from bases in Russia and overflew Iran and Iraq before launching the strike, it said.  The ministry said the planes had bombed Islamic State supply depots, militants, and armored vehicles and that satellite and drone surveillance had confirmed that all of the designated targets had been destroyed.  It said Sukhoi-30SM fighter jets, based at the Hmeymim air base in Syria used by Russian forces, had escorted the bombers while they were in Syrian air space and that all the bombers had safely returned to their bases. Russia on Tuesday accused the United States of providing de-facto cover for Islamic State units in Syria and of only pretending to fight terrorism in the Middle East. Specifically, the Russian Defence Ministry said the U.S. air force had tried to hinder Russian strikes on Islamic State militants around Albu Kamal. Asked about the Russian allegations, Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, said:   The Russian ministry of defense statements are about as accurate as their air campaign and I think that is a reason for them to start, you know, coming out with their latest barrage of lies.   ",1
14740,EU concerned over challenges to Romanian judicial independence,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Justice reform has stagnated in Romania this year, and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern, the European Commission said on Wednesday. The European Union has monitored the justice systems of Romania and its neighbor Bulgaria since they joined the bloc a decade ago. It has backed an unprecedented crackdown on high-level graft in Romania, which Transparency International ranks among the bloc s most corrupt states. Romanian prosecutors have investigated hundreds of public officials, including a former prime minister. This week, anti-corruption prosecutors opened an investigation into the leader of the ruling Social Democrat Party on suspicion of forming a  criminal group  to siphon off cash from state projects, some of them EU-funded.  While progress in meeting some recommendations was advancing well ... the reform momentum in 2017 was lost overall,  said the Commission s latest justice monitoring report, released on Wednesday.  Challenges to and questioning judicial independence have also been a persistent source of concern.  The ruling Social Democrats are preparing a judicial overhaul that the Commission, foreign diplomats, thousands of magistrates and Romania s president have criticized as placing the justice system under political control.  Thousands of Romanians protested against the measures this month. The overhaul, announced by the justice minister in August, is under debate in parliament and the Social Democrat Party has said it aims to approve it by the end of this parliamentary session.  The most contested changes include those to a judicial inspection unit which oversees magistrates  conduct, and the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed. Justice Minister Tudorel Toader said on Wednesday of the Commission report:  The report refers to legal solutions that are still at the start of parliamentary debate, that are not finalised.  President Klaus Iohannis said in a statement he thought the report was  a serious warning signal the ruling coalition must take into account .  Affecting the independence of the judicial system and, in general, any pressure or attempt to politically control the judiciary will only return Romania to the past,  he said. This spring, Romania saw its largest street protests in decades, against what demonstrators saw as attempts by the ruling coalition to weaken the crackdown on high-level corruption.  In May, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said Romania should be able to persuade the EU to lift special monitoring of its justice system by the time it takes over the presidency of the EU Council in 2019. ",1
14741,Swiss stop seizing income from asylum seekers to pay for upkeep,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland will stop seizing income from some would-be asylum seekers to help pay for their upkeep, the government said on Wednesday, scrapping a rule that has drawn scrutiny by human rights groups. The government now imposes a special fee confiscating 10 percent of income earned for up to a decade by foreigners provisionally admitted to the country. This ends as of the start of next year. The change applies to foreigners who have been ordered to leave but cannot be sent back to their native countries because this would violate international law or put them in danger. Many end up staying for years. The cabinet called the change a way to promote employing foreigners already here at a time the country is trying to rein in immigration. A quarter of the Swiss population is foreign.  Eliminating this fee reduces the administrative burden on  employers. On the other hand it makes it easier for people who have been provisionally admitted to start work,  it said. Stefan Frey, spokesman for the Swiss Refugee Council human rights group, said the move was a gratifying first step by the government.  We welcome this as an individual measure but the work is far from done in the area of provisional admissions,  he said. Switzerland will still require arriving asylum seekers to turn over to the state assets they have worth more than 1,000 Swiss francs ($1,014) to help offset costs they trigger, the State Secretariat for Migration said in response to an enquiry. Broadcaster SRF in 2016 revealed the Swiss practice, which in similar form had drawn sharp rebukes for Denmark. ",1
14742,Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood leader loses appeal against life sentence,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The leader of Egypt s Muslim Brotherhood movement, Mohamed Badie, lost his appeal on Wednesday against a life sentence for his role in violent clashes during political turmoil in 2013, judicial sources said. The judgment by the court of cassation against the sentence, handed out in 2016, cannot be appealed. Badie, 74, was convicted for his role in violence that broke out in the Suez Canal city of Ismailia days after the army, led by then General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, toppled President Mohamed Mursi, a member of the Brotherhood, following mass demonstrations against him.  Sisi was elected president the following year. In the same case, the court on Wednesday also upheld life sentences against seven other people and handed 10-year sentences to 39 and three-year sentences to 19 others. They were charged with killing three people and attempting to kill 16 others, thuggery, and vandalizing public property among other offences, related to the clashes in Ismailia in July 2013. Authorities outlawed the Brotherhood after Mursi was ousted, and arrested thousands of its supporters. They also dissolved its Freedom and Justice Party, which Mursi led. Mass life and death sentences have been common since then in what rights groups call an unprecedented crackdown by the government of Sisi, who promised during campaigning for the presidency to wipe out the Brotherhood. Badie has also been sentenced to life in eight other cases, only one of which has been confirmed. Two were canceled, two are pending appeal and three the subject of retrials. ",1
14743,Lebanon wants good ties with Saudi Arabia: foreign minister,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said on Wednesday that Lebanon will continue taking steps in  a brotherly way  to resolve the issue of its prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, who resigned while in Saudi Arabia and has yet to return.  Speaking at a news conference in Italy, Bassil said Lebanon wants good relations with Saudi Arabia, but also described Hariri s presence in Riyadh since his resignation on Nov. 4 as  not a normal situation .  Lebanese President Michel Aoun on Wednesday said Hariri was being held in Saudi Arabia.  ",1
14744,"Despite EU caution, France pursues tough line on Iran missile program","PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Wednesday it wanted an  uncompromising  dialogue with Iran about its ballistic missile program and a possible negotiation over the issue separate from Tehran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. Paris has already suggested that new European sanctions against Iran could be discussed over its missile tests, something EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini seemed to dismiss on Tuesday, keen not to raise risks to the hard-won deal that curbed Iran s disputed nuclear activity. On Sunday, Iran rejected a call by French President Emmanuel Macron for talks on its missiles, saying they were defensive in nature and had nothing to do with its nuclear energy work.  France is concerned about the continued pace of the Iranian missile program, which does not conform with (U.N.) Security Council Resolution 2231 and which is a source of destabilization and insecurity for the region,  Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing. Resolution 2231, which enshrined the nuclear deal, calls on Iran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs, including launches using such technology. It stops short of explicitly barring such activity.  France wishes to examine all the diplomatic options: a frank and uncompromising political dialogue with Iran; investigations by the U.N. General Secretariat; if necessary, new European sanctions against Iranian entities or individuals involved in the ballistic program; and finally opening a negotiation on the subject,  she said. President Donald Trump, who has resumed a confrontational U.S. approach to Iran in contrast with predecessor Barack Obama s policy of detente, has said Iranian missile activity should be curbed and wants to punish Tehran over its role in  Yemen and Syria. Trump has also dealt a blow to Iran s nuclear deal - agreed with Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States under Obama - by decertifying Iranian compliance with its terms, contradicting the findings of U.N. nuclear inspectors. The U.S. Congress now has until mid-December to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran that had been lifted in exchange for limiting its nuclear program in ways meant to prevent it developing an atomic bomb. But the EU, which normally coordinates closely with Washington on international sanctions, has been lobbying hard to keep the nuclear pact alive, saying it should be kept separate from missile and regional security matters. France s tougher line on the missile issue appears to reflect a concern that Iran might eventually try to arm a missile cone with a nuclear bomb, should it ever build one. Tehran has repeatedly denied any intent to do so. Romatet-Espagne reiterated the view that the nuclear deal should be kept separate, but said the ballistic missile issue was being discussed with fellow EU governments and Mogherini s foreign service. Foreign Minister Jean-Yves le Drian had been due to visit Tehran before the end of the month, although that has now been pushed back to later in the year due to a busy schedule, a diplomatic source said. Any EU-wide sanctions action requires the unanimity of all 28 member states but there is no consensus on new punitive steps against Iran, a fact made clear by Mogherini on Monday.  We didn t discuss, not today, not last week (and) I don t foresee any discussion also in the future, further sanctions from the EU side on Iran,  she said, alluding to Macron s remarks, after a meeting of EU foreign ministers.  ",1
14745,Indonesian police officer killed in shooting near Freeport mine,"JAKARTA/TIMIKA, Indonesia (Reuters) - An Indonesian police officer was killed and a second wounded on Wednesday, after both were shot in the back in an area near Freeport-McMoRan Inc s giant Grasberg copper mine in the eastern province of Papua, police said.  The officers were patrolling an area close to where a Freeport vehicle was targeted in a shooting on Tuesday, Papua police spokesman Suryadi Diaz said in a statement. A helicopter flew the men to a hospital in the nearby lowland city of Timika. The main access road to Grasberg remained closed, Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said, referring to a 79-mile (127-km) stretch from Timika to the mining town of Tembagapura that runs near a river rich with gold tailings from the mine upstream. A string of at least 15 separate shooting incidents in the area since mid-August that wounded at least 12 people and killed two police officers has been blamed by police on an  armed criminal group , but linked to separatist rebels by others. In a statement, the separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), a group linked to the Free Papua Movement, claimed responsibility for Wednesday s incident. The group has said it is at war with police, military and Freeport. For decades, there have been sporadic attacks along the road where the shootings took place, but authorities  efforts to catch the perpetrators have been hampered by thick surrounding jungle.  The Indonesian Military (TNI) and police have urged the Armed Separatist Movement in Papua to surrender, but until now no one has turned themselves in,  Indonesian military chief Gatot Nurmantyo said in a statement.   Armed separatists cannot be left alone,  he said, adding that reining in such activities was the domain of the military, which was preparing  emergency measures  in case persuasive approaches by the police and military failed. Papua has had a long-running, and sometimes violent, separatist movement since the province was incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticised 1969 U.N.-backed referendum. Foreign journalists have in the past required special permission to report in Papua, and once there, have had security forces restrict their movement and work. President Joko Widodo has pledged to make the region more accessible to foreign media by inviting reporters on government-sponsored trips, although coverage remains difficult. ",1
14746,"German spy chief sees Russia as danger, cites military advances","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s spy chief has warned that Russia should be seen as a  potential danger  rather than as a partner in building European security and said its big military exercise in summer showed an alarmingly high level of modernization in its armed forces. Bruno Kahl, head of BND foreign intelligence, made his remarks in a speech at an event hosted by the Hanns Seidel Foundation think-tank in Munich on Monday. An audiofile of the speech was heard by Reuters on Wednesday. Kahl s remarks come after U.S. intelligence accusations that Moscow sought to interfere in the U.S. elections in January and followed similar charges by Spanish ministers who say Russian-based groups used social media to promote Catalonia s independence referendum and destabilize Spain. Moscow denies interfering in any foreign elections and accuses the West of a campaign to discredit Russia. Kahl said it was important for Germany, the U.S.-led NATO alliance and the European Union to keep a close eye on Russian military development. He said Russia s large-scale Zapad exercise in summer had shown it was  very, very close  to meeting its target of modernizing 70 percent of its armed forces by 2020.   We must stay alert. Peace in Europe is no longer a guaranteed fact,  he said. Russia s goal included  weakening the EU, pushing back the USA, and in particular driving a wedge between the two. That means, instead of a partner for European security, we have in Russia a potential danger,  he said. Russian President Vladimir Putin was determined to prevent the eastward spread of European values to include Ukraine which, together with Georgia, had no chance of becoming members of NATO as long as Putin s  world view  prevailed in Moscow,  he said. The threat to Germany s security had increased with Moscow s  stationing of short-range missiles in its Kaliningrad enclave, he said.  The world player Russia is back. It will remain an uncomfortable power, and the West must see that realistically,  he said, though it was important to maintain some dialogue with Moscow despite its assertive actions. ",1
14747,Pope advised not to use term 'Rohingya' in Myanmar but rights groups disagree,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Leading figures in the Catholic Church and international politics have advised Pope Francis not to use the term Rohingya during a trip to Myanmar due to political sensitivities but human rights groups want him to uphold international law on self-identity. Hundreds of thousands of Muslim Rohingya have fled Myanmar following a military crackdown that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. Majority Buddhist Myanmar rejects the term Rohingya and does not recognize them as citizens nor as an ethnic group in its own right. In the run-up to the his Nov. 27-Dec. 2 trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, several high-profile figures including former U.S. Secretary General Kofi Annan and Myanmar Cardinal Charles Maung Bo have indicated he should not use the term Rohingya. The pope, a less predictable figure than his predecessor who has overruled advisors in the past, has used the term Rohingya before, and it is widely employed by international institutions such as the United Nations and governments including the United States. The Vatican, which does not make comments on papal speeches ahead of trips, would not say if Francis might heed the advice and use a term like  Muslims in Rakhine State . Roman Catholics make up a tiny minority in Myanmar. Francis, a strong defender of human rights and migrants,  has spoken earlier this year of  the persecution of our Rohingya brothers and sisters  and has defended their right to  live their culture and Muslim faith . This month Annan met the pope along with three other members of  The Elders  group of veteran statesmen and women and later hinted strongly that he believed the pope should not say Rohingya. Annan, a Nobel Peace Prize winner and author of an advisory commission report on Rakhine State given to the Yangon government in August, met the pope on the evening of November 6. The Vatican gave no details of the meeting but at a breakfast with a few reporters the next day, Annan was asked if he agreed with those who say the pope s use of the word Rohingya while he is in Myanmar could be  incendiary .  They are right,  Annan said. Annan gave the pope a copy of his 63-page report, which does not use Rohingya but refers only to  Muslims in Rakhine State .  (The word) is so emotional,  he said. Asked if he believed that message had been conveyed to the Vatican, Annan nodded. Lakhdar Brahimi, a former Algerian foreign minister and U.N. conflict mediator called the report  quite substantial . Human rights groups hope the pope does not pull his punches in Myanmar.  The Rohingya have little left besides their group name after years of statelessness, discriminatory restrictions on movement and access to life-sustaining services, and being targeted by a military subjecting them to ethnic cleansing and atrocities,  said Phil Robertson, deputy director for Human Rights Watch in Asia.  The Pope absolutely should stand up for the Rohingya by using the name Rohingya,  he said in an email. Myanmar has denied U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing. The government says the clearance operation in Rakhine State was necessary for national security after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts and an army base in August. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi assumed power in 2016 in a  landslide election win after former military leaders initiated a political transition. Asked if the pope should say Rohingya, Laura Haigh, London-based Myanmar expert for Amnesty International, said:  International law recognizes the right of a group to self-identify. It comes down to a principled stand.  Father Bernardo Cervelera, head of the Catholic news agency AsiaNews, said the pope should follow the local Church s advice in the country, which has some 700,000 Catholics in a population of more than 51 million that is mostly Buddhist.  Both the Church there and Aung San Suu Kyi are in a delicate position and I think the pope knows that,  he said. In 2015, Pope Francis angered Turkey when he used the word  genocide  to describe the World War One mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks. The Turkish government, which denies that the deaths constituted a genocide, recalled its ambassador to the Vatican in protest. ",1
14748,European Parliament urges EU probe of Malta after journalist killed,"STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - EU lawmakers urged the European Commission on Wednesday to investigate Malta s adherence to the rule of law, in a move that could lead to sanctions following the murder of a campaigning journalist that has rocked the tiny Mediterranean island.  The European Parliament s non-binding resolution, backed by an overwhelming majority of deputies but criticised by the Maltese government, also voiced  serious concerns  about police independence and international money-laundering on the island. The move follows the murder on Oct. 16 of Daphne Caruana Galizia, a Maltese investigative journalist who had accused senior figures in both the government and opposition of corruption and involvement in international money-laundering. Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, leader of the ruling Labour Party, denies the allegations of corruption and says everything will be done to find the journalist s killers. The European Parliament  calls on the Commission to establish a dialogue with the Maltese Government regarding the functioning of the rule of law in Malta and to ensure respect for European values,  the text of the resolution said. This would be the first step in an oversight procedure that could trigger sanctions, including the suspension of Malta s voting rights in the EU, if systemic threats to the rule of law were confirmed and not addressed.  No EU member has been subject to these penalties, but Poland is currently under supervision over the independence of its judiciary, and lawmakers have also called for the activation of the procedure for Hungary. The Commission, which monitors member states  application of EU rules, has so far avoided commenting on the state of the rule of law in Malta, the EU s smallest member state with a population of just 420,000 people. The EU executive s vice president Frans Timmermans told deputies on Tuesday there were  no general concerns  at this stage on the application of anti-money laundering rules in Malta. But in their text adopted on Wednesday the lawmakers cited several high-profile cases of alleged corruption and risks of money laundering involving government members, as well as the island s flourishing online gaming industry and a Maltese scheme to sell citizenship to wealthy individuals.  The Maltese government said in a statement the EU text contained  factual inaccuracies and partisan political bias .    It is clear enough for the Maltese Government that most of this misinformation was led by highly politicised local actors, and can be read in a situation where some groups in the European Parliament are trying to gain leverage in negotiations on situations in their Member States,  the Maltese government said. In the resolution, backed by 466 lawmakers and opposed by 49 while 167 abstained, the deputies also accused Maltese police of failing to investigate  several serious allegations of corruption and breach of anti-money laundering and banking supervision obligations . The text also regretted  that there has been no police investigation to date in Malta of the revelations regarding the Panama Papers , despite the appearance of 714 companies linked to Malta and high-ranking officials in the leaked documents about tax schemes in offshore jurisdictions. Sources familiar with the work of Maltese authorities and a Reuters review of Maltese and EU data show possible shortcomings in Malta s efforts to prevent money laundering. Muscat told Reuters last month Malta s financial services sector was  as transparent, solid and compliant as any other European jurisdiction . ",1
14749,U.S. mounts air strike against al Shabaab militants in Somalia,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The United States military has carried out an air strike in Somalia against al Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked Islamist insurgency that wants to topple the U.N.-backed government, the U.S. Africa Command said on Wednesday. It said  several militants  were killed in the strike 60 miles northwest of the capital, Mogadishu, on Tuesday at about 1500 GMT. It was coordinated with the Somali government, AfriCom said in a statement.  Al Shabaab has publicly committed to planning and conducting attacks against the U.S. and our partners in the region,  AfriCom said.  Earlier this month, the U.S. warned of a threat to its diplomatic staff in Mogadishu and directed all non-essential staff to leave the capital. Al Shabaab was pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011 and has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns. But the group retains a strong presence in the south and center and can still carry out major attacks. It was blamed for bombings in Mogadishu last month that killed more than 350 people. The group aims to topple Somalia s government, drive out African Union peacekeeping troops and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law.  ",1
14750,"Britain does not want to see another tyrant in power in Zimbabwe, Johnson says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain does not want to see one tyrant take over from another in Zimbabwe after the military seized power in Harare, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Wednesday.   Nobody wants simply to see the transition from one unelected tyrant to a next. Noone wants to see that. We want to see proper, free and fair elections,  Johnson told the British parliament.  ",1
14751,Collapsed state housing in Iranian quake shows corruption: Rouhani,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The ease with which some state-built homes collapsed in Sunday s earthquake in western Iran showed corrupt practices when they were constructed, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday in a sentiment shared by many ordinary Iranians. Some of the houses which collapsed in an earthquake that killed at least 530 people and injured thousands of others were built under an affordable housing scheme initiated in 2011 by Rouhani s predecessor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.  That a house built by (ordinary) people in the Sarpol-e Zahab region has remained standing while in front of it a government-built building has collapsed is a sign of corruption,  Rouhani told a cabinet meeting, state media said.  It s clear there has been corruption in construction contracts,  he said. Sarpol-e Zahab is the town hardest hit by Sunday s 7.3 magnitude quake, the deadliest in Iran in more than a decade.  A picture widely circulated by ordinary Iranians on social media shows a building with relatively little damage in Sarpol-e Zahab next to a heavily damaged government-constructed building. This has fueled speculation that shoddy construction in the building of government housing had led to a higher number of casualties from the earthquake.  Rouhani said on Tuesday that any shortcomings in government constructed buildings in the earthquake zone will be punished. Mohammad Hossein Sadeghi, the prosecutor general in Kermanshah, the largest city in the earthquake zone, said on Wednesday that the quality of construction of new buildings that were heavily damaged would be investigated and charges may be brought against anyone deemed responsible.  If there are any problems with the construction, the individuals who were negligent must answer for their deeds,  Sadeghi said, according to the Iranian Students  News Agency (ISNA). An arrest warrant has been issued for a contractor responsible for a recently built hospital which was heavily damaged in the town of Islamabad-e Gharb, parliamentarian Heshmatollah Falahatpisheh said on Tuesday, according to the Iranian Labour News Agency (ILNA). Residents in the earthquake zone have also complained about the slow and inadequate government response as they struggle to find food, water and shelter.  ",1
14752,Slovakia to build army personnel carriers with Finland's Patria,"BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia s government approved plans on Wednesday to build military armored vehicles with the Finnish defense industry company Patria to replace the NATO member s outdated armored personnel carriers, the defense minister said. State-owned defense company Konstrukta Defence will work with Patria, owned by the Finnish government and Norwegian firm Kongsberg Defence&Aerospace, to build 81 eight-wheeled armored personal carriers with an estimated value of 417 million euros that will be bought by the Slovak army, Defence Minister Peter Gajdos told reporters. ",1
14753,"Mugabe: Zimbabwe's liberator and, for many, its oppressor","HARARE (Reuters) - When he came to power, Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe was feted as an African liberation hero in a nation that had endured nearly a century of white colonial rule. Mugabe has not been seen since the military seized power in the early hours of Wednesday, targeting  criminals  around the veteran president. South African President Jacob Zuma said Mugabe had told him he was confined to his home but was otherwise fine. Educated and urbane, Mugabe came to power after seven years of a liberation bush war. But nearly four decades after independence in 1980, many see him as power-obsessed and willing to unleash death squads, rig elections and trash the economy in the relentless pursuit of control. The 93-year-old is the only leader Zimbabwe, formerly known as Rhodesia, has known since independence from Britain. While the West regards him as an autocrat, some in Africa see him as an anti-colonial champion. Mugabe has said he wants to seek another five years in office and last week he dismissed his putative successor, Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, 75, in a boost for Mugabe s wife Grace, 52, also seen as a contender but whose whereabouts are  unclear.  Mugabe travels frequently to Singapore for medical treatment as age has taken its toll. The leader of Zimbabwe s influential liberation war veterans, Chris Mutsvangwa, told Reuters:  It s the end of a very painful and sad chapter in the history of a young nation, in which a dictator, as he became old, surrendered his court to a gang of thieves around his wife.  Born on a Catholic mission near Harare, Mugabe was educated by Jesuit priests and worked as a primary school teacher before going to South Africa s University of Fort Hare, then a breeding ground for African nationalism.  Returning to Rhodesia in 1960, he entered politics but was jailed for a decade four years later for opposing white rule. After his release, he rose to the top of the powerful Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army, known as the  thinking man s guerrilla  on account of his seven degrees, three of them earned behind bars. Later, as he crushed his political enemies, he boasted of another qualification -  a degree in violence . After the long bush war ended, Mugabe was elected as the nation s first black prime minister. Initially, he offered reconciliation to old adversaries as he presided over a booming economy. But it was not long before Mugabe began to suppress challengers such as liberation war rival Joshua Nkomo. Faced with a revolt in the mid-1980s in the western province of Matabeleland which he blamed on Nkomo, Mugabe sent in North Korean-trained army units, provoking an international outcry over alleged atrocities against civilians. Human rights groups say 20,000 people died, most from Nkomo s Ndebele tribe. The discovery of mass graves prompted accusations of genocide against Mugabe. After two terms as prime minister, Mugabe changed the constitution and was elected president in 1990, shortly before the death of his first wife, Sally, seen by many as the only person capable of restraining him. When, at the end of the century, he lost a constitutional referendum followed by a groundswell of black anger at the slow pace of land reform, his response was uncompromising. As gangs of blacks calling themselves war veterans invaded white-owned farms Mugabe said it was a correction of colonial injustices.  Perhaps we made a mistake by not finishing the war in the trenches,  he said in 2000.  If the settlers had been defeated through the barrel of a gun, perhaps we would not be having the same problems.  The farm seizures helped ruin one of Africa s most dynamic economies, with a collapse in agricultural foreign exchange earnings unleashing hyperinflation. The economy shrank by more than a third from 2000 to 2008, sending unemployment above 80 percent. Several million Zimbabweans fled, mostly to South Africa. An unapologetic Mugabe portrayed himself as a radical African nationalist competing against racist and imperialist forces in Washington and London. Britain once likened him to Adolf Hitler but Mugabe did not mind, saying the Nazi leader had wanted justice, sovereignty and independence for his people:  If that is Hitler, then let me be a Hitler ten-fold.  The country hit rock bottom in 2008, when 500 billion percent inflation drove people to support the challenge of Western-backed former union leader Morgan Tsvangirai. Facing defeat in a presidential run-off, Mugabe resorted to violence, forcing Tsvangirai to withdraw after scores of his supporters were killed by ZANU-PF thugs. An increasingly worried South Africa squeezed the pair into a fractious unity coalition but the compromise belied Mugabe s de facto grip on power through his continued control of the army, police and secret service. As old age crept in and rumors of cancer intensified, his animosity toward Tsvangirai eased, with the two men enjoying weekly meetings over tea and scones, a quirky nod to Mugabe s affection for British tradition if not authority. On the eve of the 2013 election, Mugabe dismissed cries of autocracy and likened dealing with Tsvangirai to sparring in the ring.  Although we boxed each other, it s not as hostile as before,  he said.  It s all over now. We can shake hands.  At the same time, Mugabe s agents were finalizing plans to engineer an election victory through manipulation of the voters  roll, the Tsvangirai camp said. The subsequent landslide was typical of a man who could always out-fight and out-think opponents.  To give the devil his due, he is a brilliant tactician,  former U.S. ambassador Christopher Dell wrote in a cable released by WikiLeaks. But whatever the outcome of this week s events, they could usher in a generational change for the southern African nation. ",1
14754,Syrian Kurdish leaders back longer U.S role in Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian Kurdish leaders voiced support on Wednesday for a longer-term role for U.S. forces in Syria once Islamic State is defeated, after the United States signalled it would not pull out before there was progress towards a political solution. Comments by U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Monday have drawn heavy criticism from the Iran-backed Syrian government, which says Washington is making up a new excuse for keeping its  illegal occupation  forces in Syria. Limiting Iranian influence in Syria and Iraq is a key U.S. aim. Syrian Kurdish groups have emerged as the main partner on the ground for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in northern and eastern Syria, areas which the Syrian state and Iran have vowed to take back. Kurdish fighters, with Arab allies, U.S. advisers and coalition jets, have driven Islamic State from swathes of territory including their former headquarters in Raqqa city. The Kurdish YPG militia and its political allies have carved out autonomous cantons in the north, and now control nearly a quarter of Syria. Their influence angers neighbour Turkey, which considers the YPG an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers  Party that has fought a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil. The main Syrian Kurdish political party, the PYD, welcomed a longer-term U.S. role in Syria. The U.S. presence should continue until there was a political solution to the Syrian crisis which erupted in 2011, it said.     In a written message to Reuters, the PYD s co-chief, Shahoz Hasan, agreed this would be beneficial.  Without achieving a political solution to the Syrian crisis, and with the continuation of the Turkish and Iranian intervention in Syria, and with the continued presence of al Qaeda groups in Syria, the continued operation of the coalition is better,  Hasan said. Senior Syrian Kurdish politician Fawza Youssef said a U.S. role would be very important for the future.  The United States and the coalition forces played a major role in fighting Daesh, and to reach a fair political settlement, we see a need for international guarantees,  said Youssef, a senior member of the Kurdish-led authority running the cantons in northern Syria. She pointed to an increase in humanitarian aid to northern Syria by Washington and the coalition since the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) captured Raqqa - a sign of a widening U.S. role. Turkey said on Monday the United States had 13 bases in Syria and Russia had five. As all sides in Syria battled Islamic State, the U.S.-backed forces have mostly avoided direct confrontation with the Syrian government, backed by Iran and Russia. But Iranian and Syrian officials are now signalling their intention to take back areas captured from IS by the SDF. Syria s main Kurdish groups say they want a federal system for the whole country, and hope for negotiations with Damascus to shore up their autonomous rule. Their territorial grip has expanded since joining forces with the United States to fight IS, though Washington opposes their autonomy plans. Mattis described this week a role for American troops long after Islamic State militants lose control of all the territory they hold.  Mattis said the U.S. military s longer-term objective would be to prevent the return of an  ISIS 2.0 . But he also suggested that U.S. forces aimed to help set the conditions for a diplomatic solution in Syria.  We re not just going to walk away right now before the Geneva process has traction , he said, a reference to U.N.-backed peace talks. The U.S.-led coalition has repeatedly said it does not seek to fight Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s military.  In response to the Mattis comments, the Syrian government said on Tuesday that Washington was presenting a new excuse to keep its forces in Syria by linking this presence to a political settlement, having previously said its goal was to fight IS. Foreign ministry comments affirmed the government s position that the presence of U.S. and other forces in Syria without government approval was an act of aggression. ",1
14755,Latest Singapore transit train mishap injures 28,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A Singapore mass transit train bumped into another at a station on Wednesday injuring 28 people, authorities said, the latest mishap on the transit system in a city-state that has long prided itself on its efficient public services. Transit operator SMRT said 26 passengers and two staff suffered light to moderate injuries and had been taken to hospital.  It s an awful day,  Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan said.  Commuters were inconvenienced, and some even injured. We are deeply sorry for that,  Khaw was quoted by the Straits Times newspaper as telling a news conference. Densely populated Singapore is highly dependent on public transport. It is one of the world s most expensive places to own a vehicle and it recently announced that it would not allow any net growth in its car numbers from February next year. The accident happened at 8.20 a.m. (0020 GMT), SMRT said in a statement.  A faulty west-bound train had stalled at Joo Koon station on the system s East-West line two minutes earlier, it said. A second train stopped behind the faulty train but moved forward unexpectedly a minute later, coming into contact with the stationary train. A software glitch in the signaling system was the cause of Wednesday s accident, the transit authorities later said.  A photograph posted on the Straits Times website showed two trains stopped and in contact but with no major damage apparent. Earlier, the Singapore Civil Defence Force said in a Twitter post that it had been alerted to an incident at the station at 8:33 a.m. The collision comes after a string of disruptions to mass rapid transit services. Last month, services were partially suspended on a  weekend because of flooding in a tunnel after heavy rain. The mishaps have led to a rare public apology by top transit executives and an assurance from the government to address the causes. ",1
14756,France puts suspected militant under investigation for kidnapping journalists,"PARIS (Reuters) - A suspected Islamist militant accused of killing four in a 2014 attack on a Jewish museum in Belgium was placed under former investigation in France on Wednesday for allegedly kidnapping four French journalists in Syria. Mehdi Nemmouche was briefly transferred to Paris from a jail cell in Belgium, where he is being held pending a trial over the May 2014 attack in which four people including two Israeli tourists were killed in Brussels. Speaking outside Paris s lawcourts, a lawyer for Nemmouche said his client had been notified of the additional French probe and that he had chosen to say nothing on the advice of his legal team.  The investigating judge told him he had been formally put under investigation over the kidnapping and hostage-taking of four French journalists in relation with a terrorist group,  Vuillemin said. Nemmouche was arrested by police in the southern French port city of Marseille shortly after the Brussels shooting attack and extradited to Belgium in July 2014. French journalists who were released months earlier after almost a year in captivity in Syria identified him as their jailor there and said he was among French nationals working with the Islamic State group. Wednesday s brief transfer to Paris came two days after the second anniversary of other attacks in which Islamist militants, some of them residents of Belgium, killed 130 people in Paris. Scores more have been killed in Belgium, France, Britain and Spain in attacks commissioned or inspired by the Islamic State group, whose territory in Syria and Iraq is diminishing under military pressure from an international coalition.  ",1
14757,Special Report: How a defrocked judge became the chief legal enforcer for Maduro's Venezuela,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Last March, Chief Justice Maikel Moreno shocked Venezuela when his Supreme Court nullified the powers of the National Assembly and transferred them to the 32-judge tribunal. Even in a country used to political upheaval, the decision triggered major protests, forcing Moreno to roll back much of the move three days later. But the power play illustrated Moreno s role as enforcer for the embattled administration of President Nicolas Maduro, now branded a dictatorship by a growing number of governments, from France and the United States to South American neighbors Colombia and Peru. The 51-year-old bodyguard-turned-judge and his court have overruled virtually every major law passed by the opposition-led assembly. Moreno s past, however, remains unknown even to most Venezuelans. To trace his ascent, Reuters examined documents and interviewed associates, colleagues and friends of the chief justice in five countries.  The picture that emerges is of a jurist who, by leveraging personal connections and handling politically sensitive cases that other lawyers and judges rejected, endeared himself to Maduro and fellow members of the late Hugo Chavez s  Bolivarian Revolution.  In his rise to Venezuela s top judicial perch, Moreno left behind a past that includes allegations he participated in extortion and influence-peddling rackets and his arrest in 1989 on suspicions of killing a teenager, according to government documents and people familiar with his history. Reuters found no evidence Moreno was ever tried or convicted of any criminal charges. In a brief text-message exchange with Reuters on Nov. 7, Moreno said the allegations of jail time, long rumored in Venezuela, were  invented  by sensationalists. He offered to give Reuters an interview, but then did not respond to requests to schedule one. He did not respond to additional questions by text about his career or other episodes in which he was accused of wrongdoing. Neither the Supreme Court nor Maduro s government responded to separate requests for comment. Documents including a 2006 intelligence report by the Supreme Court s security division and a high court ruling against Moreno last decade point to episodes in which Moreno was accused of being on the wrong side of the law   from the 1989 shooting to his ouster as a lower court judge in 2007 for what the high court said was the improper release of two murder suspects. Opponents of the Maduro government say Moreno is instrumental in propping up an administration that is increasingly authoritarian. In recent months, the top court has sentenced five opposition mayors to prison. It approved the ouster of Venezuela s chief prosecutor, who fled the country in mid-August, joining a growing exodus of Maduro critics. In May, Moreno s court gave the green light for Maduro to proceed with the election that created the Constituent Assembly, a legislature that now supersedes the National Assembly and cemented for many the country s tilt toward authoritarian rule. At least 125 people died in four months of protests that ensued after the court sought in March to neuter the assembly.  The greatest affront to the people is to put a criminal in charge of the judicial system,  said Luis Velazquez, a former Venezuelan judge who investigated Moreno on behalf of the Supreme Court a decade before Maduro appointed Moreno to run the top bench. During his investigation, Velazquez says he found an arrest record for Moreno after the 1989 shooting death of the teen and investigated a phone call in which another judge in a separate case recorded Moreno allegedly pressuring him to release a suspected arms and drug trafficker. The chief justice is not the first senior Venezuelan official to be accused of abuse of power.  The U.S. government earlier this year accused Vice President Tareck El Aissami of drug trafficking. It sanctioned Maduro himself for having  deliberately and repeatedly abused the rights of citizens  with repressive tactics. And it sanctioned Moreno and seven other Supreme Court justices for allegedly usurping the legislature and  restricting the rights and thwarting the will of the Venezuelan people.  Venezuela s government has dismissed the accusations and criticized the sanctions, which bar Americans from engaging in business with any of the officials and freezes any assets the officials may have in U.S. jurisdictions. El Aissami, the vice president, denied ties to the drug trade and slammed the United States on Twitter for  miserable provocations  and  vile aggression.   Under Chavez and now Maduro, the economy has cratered and social stability has ruptured in a country that was once one of Latin America s most prosperous and still boasts the world s largest proven oil reserves. After an October vote in which Maduro s Socialist party candidates swept a majority of gubernatorial elections, the president dismissed accusations of fraud and defended the legitimacy of his government.   I am not a dictator,  Maduro said.  I have a moustache and look like Stalin, but I m not him.  Little in the public record exists about Moreno s youth. He was born on New Year s Eve, 1965, in the eastern city of El Tigre, according to public tax and electoral documents. In the late 1980s, court, intelligence and newspaper records show he worked as a bodyguard for then-President Carlos Andres Perez. It is not clear how he became a bodyguard or joined the president s security detail. That era in Venezuela, marked by food shortages and high inflation similar to the conditions roiling the country now, set the stage for the eventual entry of Chavez, a disgruntled leftist Army officer, into power. With anger and hardship mounting, riots erupted in 1989. Hundreds of people died.  On the evening of April 26, Moreno and two other Perez bodyguards were in Parque Central, a working-class neighborhood of Caracas, the capital, according to an account two days later in El Nacional, a national newspaper. For reasons that are not clear, a brawl broke out. Ruben Gil, a 19-year-old student, entered the fray with a baseball bat, the newspaper said. The bodyguards opened fire, shooting Gil dead.  Presidential Bodyguards Kill Youth,  read the front-page headline, above a picture of Gil s weeping mother, Carmen Romelia Marquez de Gomez. Police arrested Moreno, according to the newspaper account, people familiar with the incident and an intelligence report prepared a decade ago by the security division of Venezuela s Supreme Court. A mugshot from his arrest, included in the report and dated the week after the killing, shows Moreno was arrested for  homicide.  The Supreme Court commissioned the report, a copy of which was reviewed by Reuters, in 2006. The 32-member court was already aligned with the leftist government by then, because of appointments made by Chavez, but several judges there had begun to question Moreno s rulings as a lower court judge. The report, which has never before been made public, was signed by Luis Enrique Villoria Garcia, director general of the court s security division at the time. Reuters was unable to reach Villoria to discuss the report. One page appears to be missing from the 19-page copy reviewed by Reuters. But details from the report regarding the homicide and Moreno s removal from the bench in 2007 were independently verified by people familiar with its contents. Those people include one senior government official, three former Supreme Court judges and three former senior intelligence officials. Important details about the homicide and Moreno s arrest remain unclear. Notably, Reuters was unable to find a paper trail documenting whether Moreno was tried, sentenced or imprisoned. The Supreme Court report says he was jailed until sometime in 1990, and cites a criminal case number for a homicide charge against him, 522755, but Reuters could not find any files associated with the case. A security guard at Lebrun, a central judicial archive in Caracas, would not grant Reuters access to records there. The Supreme Court did not respond to requests seeking permission to search the archive. Gil s mother died a decade ago, according to people close to the family. Two people close to Gil told Reuters that witnesses and family members at the time of the brawl said Moreno fired the shot that killed the 19-year-old. These people, who requested anonymity, saying they were afraid of reprisals, said Gil had been a gang member and that an existing, but unspecified rivalry with Moreno had sparked the brawl. One person, who says he saw Gil s body in a Caracas morgue, said the young man was shot in the back. Gil s death certificate, reviewed by Reuters, cites gunshot as the cause of death. Three people close to the family said legal proceedings followed Gil s death, but none of them knew what became of the case.  I have wanted to denounce him for years, but I have been too scared,  one of these people said.  Moreno has never publicly denied, confirmed or discussed shooting Gil. He told friends and colleagues the killing was in self-defense, according to a person close to Moreno who spoke on condition of anonymity. Another person, who also asked not to be named, told Reuters that Moreno said any fallout from the killing had been  resolved.  At some point in 1990, according to the intelligence report, Moreno was released from jail. It said he had received  an illegally granted procedural benefit  but gave no further details about his release. In the text exchange with Reuters, Moreno disputed the assertion of jail time, saying it and the other details from the report  are not true either.  He did not clarify or directly address other specifics from the report.  Once free, Moreno pursued a law degree at Santa Maria University, in Caracas. He worked as a bailiff while he studied, according to his official biography. While Moreno studied, Chavez in 1992 led a failed coup attempt against Perez s increasingly unpopular government. Chavez was jailed, but freed in 1994 thanks to the work of Cilia Flores, a firebrand attorney fond of leftist causes. In the next decade, Flores became a close aide of Chavez and the head of the National Assembly. She was also a friend of Moreno. It is not clear how she knew him, but Flores years before had also studied law at Santa Maria. The government did not respond to Reuters requests to speak with Flores. Reuters could not reach her outside government channels. Completing his law degree in 1995, Moreno worked for two years as an attorney before taking a job as a legal advisor at Corporacion Alas de Venezuela C.A., a holding company for Venezuelan airline Aeropostal Alas de Venezuela. By that time, Chavez had won increasing support from working-class Venezuelans and was on track to win the 1998 presidential election. Moreno was already bragging about his close ties to Flores and other ascendant Chavistas.  He made sure everyone knew about that relationship,  said Nelson Ramiz, who owned Aeropostal but gave up control of the airline and moved to Miami in 2007 after a dispute with regulators. After three years at the airline, Moreno worked as a legal advisor to the metropolitan police in Sucre, a district of Caracas. He also began advising the National Assembly and became an auxiliary judge for a district in the country s northeast. For the rest of the 1990s, Moreno alternated between work as an attorney and judge, sometimes wearing both hats at nearly the same time. It is not unusual for some attorneys in Venezuela to also work as judges. But Moreno s choice of cases sometimes created what critics saw as conflicts of interest. In one episode, he defended a suspect in a high-profile homicide trial and later, as judge, heard related charges against another suspect.  Both cases stemmed from shooting deaths that occurred during a short-lived coup against Chavez in April 2002. During the coup, gunfire erupted as opposition supporters marched toward Miraflores Palace, seat of the presidency. Witnesses later said they saw rooftop snipers, gunmen on a bridge and gun-wielding police officers during the shooting.  By the time the violence ended, 19 people were dead. Basic facts of the event, which fueled years of controversy and trials, are still disputed by critics and supporters of the Chavez and Maduro governments. Richard Penalver, a government supporter accused of being one of the shooters, hired Moreno as his defense lawyer. In 2003, Moreno secured Penalver s acquittal, a victory for the pro-government camp. Shortly thereafter, this time as pre-trial judge, Moreno agreed to hear whether a case should proceed against Ivan Simonovis, a former Caracas police commissioner who faced charges related to four of the deaths. Government opponents argued that the charges were manipulated and that Simonovis was being made a scapegoat. They also perceived a conflict for Moreno because of his recent role in clearing Penalver. Although the defense asked Moreno to recuse himself, according to one of the attorneys and a Simonovis family member, Moreno refused. He sent the case to trial, where Simonovis was convicted the following year and sentenced to 30 years in prison. Simonovis, now serving time under house arrest because of an illness, is not allowed under the terms of his sentence to discuss the case with Reuters. Few other judges were willing to hear such a polarizing case.  None of us wanted to take on political cases,  one former Supreme Court justice told Reuters.  Maikel did, though, to ingratiate himself  with the Chavez government. At the time, Moreno was getting ever closer to crucial powerbrokers, especially Flores and her longtime boyfriend - Chavez s confidante and future successor, Maduro. The judge and the power couple grew to have regular contact, the former justice said. Moreno began throwing his weight around with other judges. In 2004, Caracas judge Luis Melendez recorded a telephone conversation in which Moreno said he was phoning at the behest of Jose Vicente Rangel, Venezuela s vice president at the time. Disturbed by a prior call from Moreno, Melendez taped the follow-up conversation and gave the recording to internal inspectors of the national judiciary. In the recording, a copy of which was reviewed by Reuters, Moreno is heard pressuring Melendez to release Saul Cordero, a suspected criminal charged at the time with drug and arms trafficking. Reuters also reviewed a transcript of the call printed on Supreme Court letterhead during its investigation of Moreno in 2006.  The important thing is for him to be out,  Moreno told Melendez.  Do what needs to be done.  The senior government official and one other person familiar with the recording said it was authentic. It is not clear whether Melendez released Cordero. But Cordero was never tried on the charges and eventually was named a police chief by a pro-government mayor in the municipality of Caroni. Reuters could not reach Cordero, Melendez or Rangel for comment. By 2006, word of the phone call and of Moreno s controversial role in the 2002 shooting trials was increasingly well-known in judicial circles, according to several judges, attorneys and other officials active at the time. The Supreme Court ordered its security division to investigate.  The resulting intelligence report unearthed allegations that helped derail Moreno s first stint as a judge. The report, for instance, held that Moreno s efforts to affect judicial outcomes went beyond pressuring colleagues. It cited testimony by numerous witnesses alleging Moreno took part in an extortion ring   known as  Los Enanos,  or  the Dwarves    that secured payments from defendants in exchange for lenient sentences or acquittals. Moreno was never charged for anything related to the alleged extortion. But his behavior, the report warned, was a threat to the courts, to Chavez and to  the revolution.  In 2007, the Supreme Court found Moreno in contempt of the tribunal and defrocked him as an appeals court judge. Citing  grave and inexcusable errors,  the high court found Moreno had improperly released two murder suspects, according to its ruling. Reuters could not determine on what grounds Moreno had released the two suspects.  Despite his ouster, Moreno remained calm, according to people who spoke with him at the time. Allies like Maduro, whom Chavez had just named foreign minister, would help him.  Maduro and Cilia will protect me,  Moreno told Ramiz, according to the former airline owner s recollection of a conversation with Moreno shortly after the dismissal. The two had remained friendly after Moreno left Aeropostal. Almost immediately, Maduro sent Moreno to a diplomatic post in Rome. After a year, Maduro sent Moreno to Trinidad and Tobago, a Caribbean country much closer to home, where he held a commercial post with the Venezuelan embassy until 2010. Moreno then returned to Caracas and studied for a doctorate. Chavez, stricken by cancer, died in March 2013. Maduro, by then vice president, succeeded Chavez the following month. Weeks later, he married Flores, making her first lady. With his allies firmly in power, Moreno revived a judicial career that three senior judges said would have remained moribund without such connections, given Moreno s arrest in the 1989 killing and his later ouster from the court system. The country s 1999 constitution, rewritten by Chavez, stipulates the head of the Supreme Court be of  good repute.  In 2014, Maduro named Moreno, with a fresh doctorate in constitutional law, to the top court. Since then, Moreno s influence has only grown. In February 2017, Maduro named him chief justice, outraging critics, including Gabriela Ramirez, the national ombudsman at the time. Ramirez unsuccessfully sought to derail the appointment, citing to senior officials Moreno s ouster from the appeals court. Under Moreno as chief justice, the court proceeded to dismiss every legal challenge to Maduro s authority that has reached the bench.  ",1
14758,Indonesia group pinpoints suspected mass graves from 1965 massacres,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The head of an Indonesian group representing victims of the mass killings of alleged communists in the mid-1960s said he had pinpointed 16 suspected mass grave sites in central Java that could contain about 5,000 bodies.     Bedjo Untung, of the 1965 Murder Victims Research Foundation (YPKP 65), said the sites were around the town of Purwodadi where suspected communists were sent for execution. Untung has asked the human rights commission (Komnas HAM) to investigate.    Some of the bodies were thrown into a ravine. Some were thrown in wells,  Untung told a new briefing, citing the testimony of three witnesses.   I have a witness who when he was a kid used to follow his father to wash the dead bodies. Every morning people sent them around 50 bodies. So we estimate there were around 5,000,  he said, adding that human bones had been found in the area.  I can conclude that they were suspected followers of the Indonesian communist party (PKI),  said Untung, who was himself jailed for being a member of the now banned PKI. One of the worst massacres of the 20th century, some historians say at least 500,000 people died in an orgy of bloodshed after then-general Suharto took power following an abortive coup. A million or more people were jailed, suspected of being communists. The killings in 1965 and 1966 have never been officially investigated and perpetrators have never faced justice despite a pledge by President Joko Widodo to resolve human rights issues. Untung said that 122 other suspected sites of mass graves had previously been identified.  According to newly declassified U.S. documents, the U.S. government had intimate knowledge of the mass killing of alleged communists even as it failed to publicly reveal the slaughter. The documents also reveal that Indonesian army intermediaries told Western embassies they were considering toppling then president Sukarno less than a fortnight after the killing of six generals by rebel military personnel that sparked the bloodletting. [L4N1MT2UD] Amiruddin Al Rahab, a commissioner at Komnas HAM, said he would look into the matter. The rights group has previously made recommendations to launch an official investigation and set up ad hoc human rights courts but so far these have not been enacted.  Indonesia, the world s largest Muslim-majority country, still has periodic bouts of anti-communist hysteria. In September, a meeting by human rights activists and YPKP 65 was shut down after Islamists and nationalists rioted outside the venue. ",1
14759,"MP in Hariri's party: Hariri says Saudi not holding him, his family","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A member of the political party of Saad al-Hariri, who resigned from his post as Lebanon s prime minister on Nov. 4 from Saudi Arabia, denied Lebanese President Michel Aoun s claim on Wednesday that Riyadh was holding both Hariri and his family. Okab Sakr, a Shi ite politician close to Hariri and a member of parliament for his political party, told Reuters he had spoken to Hariri on Wednesday.  ",1
14760,Coup? What coup? Zimbabwe's Herald misses army move on Mugabe,"HARARE (Reuters) - In the annals of missed stories, it ranks up there. When Wednesday s edition of The Herald, Zimbabwe s main state newspaper, hit the streets, Zimbabweans were surprised to learn that talk of ructions between President Robert Mugabe s ruling ZANU-PF party and military chief Constantino Chiwenga were unfounded.  ZANU-PF unfazed by Chiwenga,  the Herald declared on its front page, reporting on the party s denunciation of the military chief as a traitor the previous day. Most people in Harare had spent the night glued to social media and the Internet for updates on a coup slowly unfolding against 93-year-old Mugabe, Zimbabwe s leader of the last 37 years. Just after 4 a.m., an army spokesman in camouflage fatigues appeared on state media to announce that the army had seized power. The final line of his declaration:  To the media, we urge you report fairly and responsibly . ",1
14761,'New roadblocks' emerge in Iraq after Islamic State defeat: aid expert,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - The war against Islamic State in Iraq may soon be over but providing humanitarian aid to Iraqis is becoming more difficult as new political and cultural divides open up, the secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said.  Jan Egeland also warned that members of the international coalition which helped Baghdad in its three-year campaign against Islamic State could now drastically reduce their humanitarian budget for Iraq following the militants  defeat. More than 3 million people displaced by Islamic State-related violence in the last three years have still not returned home. A rift between the central government in Baghdad and the Kurds following a September referendum on independence has created a fresh wave of displacement.  New political, cultural and sectarian divides seem to be popping up,  Egeland told Reuters during a visit to Iraq.  There are too many cleavages in Iraq. We don t need more roadblocks and certainly not more violence.  The NRC runs one of the largest foreign aid operations in Iraq. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate effectively collapsed in July when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces re-took Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a gruelling nine-month battle which reduced much of it to rubble. Nearly one million people fled Mosul since 2014, but only one third of its residents have so far been able to return, aid groups say.  Iraqi government officials have estimated it will take at least five years and billions of dollars to rebuild Mosul alone.  There s one thing we should have learned in Iraq   it is that we cannot spend countless billions of dollars on military campaigns and then not spend the smaller sums needed to make it safe for people in the future,  Egeland said.  This is a time of decision-making: will we stay and help people recover and rebuild their lives next year? Or will we prematurely think the job is done? The international community must not abandon the millions of people who are still displaced, Egeland said.  That would be not only shameful but shortsighted.  (This version of the story was refiled to amend Egeland s title) ",1
14762,"British woman wins $5,200 for Sri Lankan deportation over Buddha tattoo","COLOMBO (Reuters) - A British woman won 800,000 rupees ($5,200) in compensation from a Sri Lankan court on Wednesday after being wrongly deported for having a Buddha tattoo on her arm.  Buddhism is accorded the  foremost place  in Sri Lanka s constitution and about 70 percent of the island s 21 million people are Buddhist. But there is no law banning Buddha tattoos. The Supreme Court also ordered police involved in the 2014 arrest and detention of Naomi Coleman to pay her 50,000 rupees ($325) each, the government s information department said on in its website (www.news.lk). Coleman was deported  contrary to the law governing immigration and emigration , the government said. Coleman was not present in court.  A lower court had decided to deport Coleman partly because she could have been  vulnerable  if allowed to stay as some Sri Lankans could have been offended by the tattoo, officials said. In 2013, Sri Lanka, a former British colony, denied entry to a British man because of his Buddha tattoo. ",1
14763,Lebanon president: Saudi also holding Hariri's family,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun said on Wednesday Saudi Arabia was also holding the family of Saad al-Hariri, who resigned from his post as Lebanon s prime minister on Nov. 4 from Riyadh and has yet to return to Lebanon.    We have not previously asked for their return, but we have confirmed that (his family) is also detained and family members are being searched as they enter and leave the house,  Aoun said in a statement.  ",1
14764,"Germany calls for restraint, dialogue in Zimbabwe","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany called for all sides to show restraint in Zimbabwe after the military seized power there early on Wednesday, saying it is targeting  criminals  around President Robert Mugabe.  We see developments there with concern ... The situation there is confusing and unclear,  a Foreign Ministry spokesman told a regular government news conference in Berlin.  Together with our European partners, we urge the actors to show restraint and above all not to exercise any violence,  the spokesman added.  A dialogue of the actors is needed to avoid a confrontation and to come to a peaceful solution.  ",1
14765,Fifteen bullet-ridden kidnap victims found in southwest Pakistan,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani police on Wednesday found 15 bullet-ridden bodies of kidnap victims near the border with Iran, a favored route for human traffickers taking workers illegally to Europe. The bodies were found abandoned in a mountainous region of Buleda, in Baluchistan province, 600 km (370 miles) south of the provincial capital of Quetta, district commissioner Bashir Ahmad Bangalzai told Reuters. He said documents and other belongings found on the bodies suggested that they were en route to Iran illegally. Human smuggling is big business in Pakistan and other poor South Asian countries. There have been instances of workers being killed in border areas, or sometimes dying during road or sea travel.      It was not clear what prompted the killings, said Bangalzai. He said all 15 came from Pakistan s eastern province of Punjab.  We re getting in contact with their families,  he said. A police official said all 15 were reported to have been kidnapped on Tuesday.  No one has claimed responsibility. Violence-plagued Baluchistan, which also borders Afghanistan, has long been home to separatist groups seeking a greater share of regional resources and Islamist militants linked to al Qaeda, the Taliban and Islamic State. The violence has raised concerns about security for projects in the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy link from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar. ",1
14766,Kenya court grants access to poll returns in case seeking to void election,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s election board must give access to election returns to parties challenging President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory in last month s presidential election, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday.  Access to the original vote tally forms and a copy of the voter register must immediately be granted to the petitioners, a former lawmaker and two human rights activists, the judges said. They denied a request for access to the electronic devices used in vote counting. The legal challenges come after the court nullified Kenyatta s August victory and ordered a new election, an unprecedented move in Africa. The current proceedings may be the last chance for legal scrutiny of the second election, held on Oct. 26. The protracted political crisis has stirred fears for the stability of the east African nation, a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security. The court is on a tight schedule. It has until Nov. 20 to rule on the two petitions. If the election result is upheld, Kenyatta will be sworn in on Nov. 28. Chief Justice David Maraga told the petitioners they must file a report on their findings from the returns by Thursday afternoon.  After Wednesday s ruling, lawyers for the petitioners began presenting their cases, arguing the poll s outcome is void because the election board did not hold fresh nominations after the earlier poll was invalidated, among other reasons.   Our position is you cannot have a fresh presidential election without a fresh round of nominations,  said Benjamin Musyoki, a lawyer for former legislator Harun Mwau. The lawyer for the two activists, Julie Soweto, also argued that voter turnout - just 39 percent, because opposition leader Raila Odinga boycotted the election - required the court to consider whether the election conformed  to the spirit and intent of the constitution.  Violence before and during the election also marred the process, Soweto said. She also referred to remarks by the election board chair the week before polling - he said he could not guarantee the vote would be free and fair, citing interference from politicians and threats of violence against his colleagues [L8N1MT0XK]. The process in the Supreme Court, however, may not repair the rifts opened by this year s prolonged elections season. A poll released by research firm Ipsos found that 80 percent of Kenyans think the country is going in the wrong direction. Pessimism about the country s path was at a record high - higher than during drought and food shortages earlier this year or a prolonged teachers  strike in 2015.  Human rights groups say at least 66 people have died in election violence, mostly at the hands of police cracking down  on opposition supporters. Electioneering has also disrupted East Africa s richest economy. The government lowered its forecast for 2017 economic growth to 5.5 percent, partly because of the  political uncertainty.  The Supreme Court was created by a 2010 constitution that followed a violent political crisis three years earlier. Around 1,200 people were killed in ethnic clashes after a disputed election in 2007. However, analysts said the moves by Kenya s court may  embolden other judiciaries in Africa. This month, Liberia s Supreme Court halted a presidential run-off until the election board investigates claims of fraud in the first round of voting.    ",1
14767,Hariri on Twitter reaffirms he will return to Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned from his post as Lebanon s prime minister on Nov. 4 from Saudi Arabia, reaffirmed on Wednesday he will return to Lebanon.  I want to repeat and affirm that I am perfectly fine and I will return, god willing, to dear Lebanon as I promised you, you ll see,  he wrote on Twitter.  ",1
14768,Factbox: Key figures in Zimbabwe First Lady Grace Mugabe's 'G40' faction,"HARARE (Reuters) - Following are key figures in Zimbabwe First Lady Grace Mugabe s  G40  political faction, the target of an overnight coup by the military. The whereabouts of all of them are unknown, although sources in Harare have said some are in detention.  GRACE MUGABE - Mugabe s 52-year-old wife rose from political obscurity to the top ranks of the ruling ZANU-PF party and, after the purge a week ago of Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa, became the front-runner to succeed her husband. JONATHAN MOYO - A slick propagandist and former information minister, Moyo was G40 s brains and mouthpiece who never shied away from an acerbic comment or Tweet about his rivals. His Twitter feed has been uncharacteristically silent since the coup. SAVIOR KASUKUWERE - A bruising former ZANU-PF Youth minister nicknamed  Tyson , Kasukuwere ran Mugabe s attempts to  indigenise  the economy, essentially forcing foreign investors to surrender large stakes in their businesses to locals. IGNATIUS CHOMBO - A former University lecturer and Mugabe s homeboy, Chombo was promoted in an October cabinet reshuffle from the interior ministry to the finance portfolio, just as a severe domestic currency shortage tipped over into full-blown financial collapse. AUGUSTINE CHIHURI - As Commissioner General of the police, Chihuri was accused by rights groups of presiding over vicious crackdowns on dissent and popular protest in the last 18 months. KUDZAI CHIPANGA - The 35-year-old youth leader ingratiated himself to Mugabe and Grace and organized nationwide youth rallies that Grace Mugabe used to attack Mnangagwa and his allies. ",1
14769,Zimbabwe's Mugabe told Zuma he was confined to home but fine: South African presidency,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s President Jacob Zuma spoke to Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe on Wednesday, and Mugabe told Zuma that he was confined to his home but that he was fine, the South African presidency said in a statement. The presidency added that Zuma, in his capacity as chair of the Southern African Development Community, was sending special envoys to Zimbabwe to meet with Mugabe and the Zimbabwean Defence Force, which has seized power in Harare. ",1
14770,Philippines' Duterte lauds China's help at 'crucial moment' in Marawi battle,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday heaped praise on visiting Chinese Premier Li Keqiang for what he said was China s  critical  role in expediting the end of a five-month war with Islamist insurgents in a Philippine town. Duterte credited China with supplying what he said was the rifle that on Oct. 16 killed Islamic State s regional point man, Isnilon Hapilon, and said he would present that weapon to China as a mark of appreciation for its help in the war in Marawi City.  I am going to return to you the rifle so that the Chinese people would know, it was critical, it is a symbol of the critical help,  Duterte told Li, the first Chinese premier to visit the Philippines in a decade. There are doubts, however, about if it really was a Chinese sniper rifle that killed Hapilon, and uncertainty about whether the military has used any of the 6,100 guns Beijing has donated since June.  The Philippine defense minister recently said all those weapons were given to the police. Hapilon was killed by members of the 8th Scout Ranger Company.  Scout Ranger Books , a Facebook page of one of the ranger officers, gave a blow-by-blow account of the operation and said the shot that killed Hapilon came from a gun mounted on an armored vehicle. Members of the unit also told media the shot came from a fixed weapon controlled remotely. Such weapons are typically 50-calibre machine guns.  The arms you gave us, helped abbreviate, shorten the military fight there,  Duterte said. On Friday, he said something similar to Russian President Vladimir Putin. He told him Russia had  helped us turn the tide and to shorten the war  by supplying weapons that Philippine soldiers used to kill militant snipers in Marawi. The Russian arms were actually delivered two days after military operations were declared over. The conflict was the biggest and longest battle in the Philippines since World War Two. More than 1,000 people, most of them rebel gunmen, were killed and 353,000 were displaced. Duterte told Li China s help came at  the crucial moment when we needed most and there was nobody to help us at that time . His remarks may not sit well with the United States and Australia, which from the early stages of the conflict were providing technical support to Philippine forces, including surveillance aircraft to pinpoint locations of militants. Li said China would provide 150 million yuan ($22.7 million) to help with reconstruction in Marawi. He praised Duterte for last year putting aside festering disputes with China and visiting Beijing, a trip he said was an  ice-breaker . Philippine security analyst Renato De Castro said the information Duterte gave to Li was inaccurate, but consistent with his policy of  total appeasement  of China.  I m really surprised, I don t know whether it s flattery or an outright lie,  he told news channel ANC. ",1
14771,Cambodia's opposition party gives up hope of escaping ban,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s main opposition party has given up hope of escaping a ban when the Supreme Court rules on Thursday on a suit brought by the government of authoritarian leader Hun Sen, a senior leader said. The government called for the ban after arresting Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) leader Kem Sokha on Sept. 3 and charging him with treason for an alleged plot to take over the Southeast Asian country with help from the United States. Hun Sen s opponents say the charges are politically motivated to eliminate Kem Sokha from next year s election so the strongman, who is currently the world s longest serving prime minister, can extend his more than 32 years in power. The judge who heads the Supreme Court, Dith Munty, is a member of the permanent committee of the ruling Cambodia People s Party (CPP) and a longtime Hun Sen loyalist.  There is no chance whatsoever for CNRP to escape dissolution,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy of Kem Sokha who fled abroad last month saying she feared arrest in a widening crackdown by the government.  November 16, 2017 will mark the end of true democracy in Cambodia,  she told Reuters, adding that the ruling party would face local condemnation and possible international sanctions. Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander, has held power since 1985 by intimidating and dividing his enemies and through legal proceedings that have occasionally led to political bans on rivals at critical moments. Next year s election was shaping as possibly the biggest challenge to Hun Sen s leadership, after his opponents unified behind the CNRP. Former CNRP leader Sam Rainsy, who fled to France in 2015 to escape a jail term for defamation, announced on Wednesday he was returning to the party that he quit in February over fears his membership would lead to it being banned. The veteran opponent of Hun Sen said the party would be dissolved anyway so his membership now made no difference. A government official said Sam Rainsy s return would only provide further justification for dissolving the party.      He is not mature. He has no political philosophy and doctrine, but only anger and hatred,  Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the Interior Ministry, told Reuters. He also noted that the CNRP had not defended its position in court. A party lawyer, Sam Sokong, said there had been no point because the case was politically motivated. Western countries have condemned the government s crackdown on the opposition, civil rights groups and independent media and have called for the release of Kem Sokha to allow credible elections next year. U.S. President Donald Trump s senior Asia aide expressed  strong concerns  to Cambodia s government about the detention of Kem Sokha and restrictions on civil society and the press on Tuesday. Hun Sen has brushed off Western criticism, though he also lauded Trump as a kindred spirit this week and urged him to rein in subordinates critical of Cambodia. Hun Sen is also increasingly close to China, Cambodia s biggest donor. The main evidence presented against Kem Sokha is a video from 2013 in which he talks about a plan to gain power with the help of Americans. He says he was talking about democratic politics. Cambodia s capital, Phnom Penh, was calm on Wednesday. But metal barriers were set up outside the gold-embellished Supreme Court and police have been told to watch for trouble. Few in the capital wanted to give any opinion on the ruling or the possible verdict.  The court will decide. We cannot do anything,  said Kou Menglay, a taxi driver. ",1
14772,Russia's Lavrov says allegations of meddling in Catalonia hysteria: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Wednesday dismissed allegations that Moscow had fomented separatist sentiment in Spain s Catalonia as hysteria, the Interfax news agency reported. Spanish ministers said on Monday they believed Russian-based groups used online social media to heavily promote Catalonia s independence referendum last month in an attempt to destabilize Spain. ",1
14773,Russian Twitter accounts promoted Brexit ahead of EU referendum: Times newspaper,"LONDON (Reuters) - Russian Twitter accounts posted almost 45,000 messages about Brexit in the 48 hours around last year s referendum in an attempt to sow discord during the vote on whether to leave the European Union, the Times newspaper reported on Wednesday. The Times cited research from an upcoming paper by data scientists at Swansea University and the University of California, Berkeley, which it said showed accounts based in Russia had tweeted about Brexit in the days leading up to the June 23 vote. The Times said most of the tweets seen by the newspaper encouraged people to vote for Brexit, although a number advocated remaining in the EU. It quoted Tho Pham, one of the paper s authors, as saying  the main conclusion is that bots were used on purpose and had influence . The research tracked 156,252 Russian accounts that mentioned #Brexit, including one, Svetal1972 which posted 92 tweets between June 20 and 24, including one calling for Britain to  make June the 23rd our Independence Day .  It said many of the messages appear to have come from automated accounts known as bots or from cyborg accounts which are heavily automated but have some human involvement.  In the June 23, 2016 referendum, 17.4 million votes, or 51.9 percent of votes cast, backed leaving the EU while 16.1 million votes, or 48.1 percent of votes cast, backed staying. Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in Brexit. Russian officials say the West is whipping up anti-Russian hysteria around Moscow s alleged involvement in both the U.S. presidential election and Brexit. In Britain, a parliamentary committee has written to Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg asking for information on any paid-for activity by Russian-linked Facebook accounts around the EU referendum and the 2017 national election.  British Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday accused Russia of meddling in elections and said the government would maintain its commitment to protecting Europe after Brexit.  We will take the necessary actions to counter Russian activity,  she said. ",1
14774,Kremlin: law on media 'foreign agents' is our response to U.S. measures,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A draft law allowing Moscow to designate foreign media as  foreign agents  gives Russia a tool to reciprocate to restrictions Washington has imposed on Russian media operating in the United States, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. He said it was too early to say how tough the law would be as the draft, approved on second reading by the lower house of parliament on Wednesday, did not spell out how it would be applied in practice. ",1
14775,Rainbow celebrations as Australians vote for same-sex marriage,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians have voted overwhelmingly for same-sex marriage, paving the way for legislation by the end of 2017 and sparking rainbow celebrations on Wednesday, with people wearing wedding dresses and sequined suits and declaring  our love is real . Australia will become the 26th nation to formalize the unions if the legislation is passed by parliament, which is expected despite some vocal opposition within the government s conservative right wing. Thousands of people in a Sydney park broke into a loud cheer, hugged and cried as Australia s chief statistician revealed live over a big screen that 61.6 percent of voters surveyed favored marriage equality, with 38.4 percent against.  Australian Olympic swimmer Ian Thorpe, who came out as gay three years ago, said the result was a huge relief.  It means that the way you feel for another person, whoever that may be, is equal,  Thorpe told reporters at the Sydney celebrations. The voluntary poll is non-binding but Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull immediately said he would fulfill a pledge to raise a bill in parliament with the aim of passing laws by Christmas. Turnbull played down concern of a split in his coalition government over the policy as the conservative faction presses for amendments to protect religious freedoms that discriminate against same-sex couples.  It is unequivocal, it is overwhelming. They have spoken in their millions and they have voted overwhelmingly yes for marriage equality,  Turnbull told reporters in Canberra after the survey results were announced.   They voted yes for fairness, yes for commitment, yes for love.  A marriage equality bill was introduced into parliament later on Wednesday.  The result marks a watershed moment for gay rights in Australia, where it was illegal in some states to engage in homosexual activity until 1997.  It s a g day. Way to go Australia,  tweeted U.S. TV host Ellen DeGeneres, who is married to Australian actress Portia de Rossi in the United States. Almost 80 percent of eligible voters took part in the survey - a higher turnout than Britain s Brexit vote and Ireland s same-sex marriage referendum. Mark Barry, 59, wiped away tears as he took in the result with his partner of 35 years, Gerrard Boller.  I know a celebrant who is going to be very happy about this,  Barry told Reuters.  Irish-born Qantas Airways Chief Executive Alan Joyce, one of the few openly gay business leaders in Australia, told the Sydney crowd, many of whom sheltered from the sun under rainbow umbrellas, that the result was  an amazing outcome  and urged Turnbull to move quickly on legislation. Turnbull has been under pressure amid a citizenship crisis that has cost him his deputy and the government s majority in parliament and political analysts said the resounding  yes  vote presented him with his first opportunity in months to exert decisive control. Nick Economou, a political scientist at Monash University, said Turnbull  should feel emboldened by the result and this is the sort of thing he has been looking for to show some assertive leadership . The  no  campaign had sought to leverage powerful religious organizations in a survey campaign that was criticized by some in the  yes  camp as divisive and aggressive. Catholic Archbishop of Sydney Anthony Fisher said he was  deeply disappointed that the likely result will be legislation to further deconstruct marriage and family in Australia . On the strength of the  yes  vote, conservatives dropped a plan for a competing bill that would have allowed private businesses to refuse services like wedding cakes for same-sex weddings by objecting on religious grounds. ",1
14776,Zimbabwe army controls paramilitary police depot in Harare: source,"HARARE (Reuters) - The Zimbabwean military is in charge of a paramilitary police support unit depot in Harare and has disarmed police officers there, an army source told Reuters.  They are now in charge of all armory, all gates and roads leading in or out of the camp. Arcturus Road (which leads to the camp) is closed and all Support Unit details with guns have been disarmed,  the source said. ",1
14777,Hungary summons U.S. envoy over media funding plan,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s foreign ministry has summoned U.S. envoy David Kostelancik over a plan to fund rural media outlets in Hungary, which Budapest considers a  political intervention  ahead of an election due early next year. The United States said on Monday it would devote $700,000 to fund rural media outlets in Hungary to help train and equip journalists in defense of an independent media it sees subject to growing pressure and intimidation. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has increased media control by legal changes, regulatory steps and takeovers of outlets by business sector associates. The moves have alarmed Western partners ahead of elections due in April 2018 which he is widely expected to win.  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade has summoned the U.S. Charg  d Affaires, asking for an explanation, and told him that we consider this a political intervention by the U.S. Department of State ahead of the elections,  spokesman Tamas Menczer said in an emailed response. The U.S. program offers technical and financial assistance to media outlets, as well as increased local and international exposure, small grants and other tools. They can use the funds after May 2018, after the election is due. The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, an intergovernmental human rights and media freedom watchdog, has said media pluralism has declined in Hungary. ",1
14778,South Africa's Zuma says Zimbabwe takeover should not lead to unconstitutional government,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma expressed hope on Wednesday that there would not be unconstitutional changes of government in Zimbabwe after the military seized power in Harare. Zuma also called for the Zimbabwean government and army to resolve their differences amicably and said the Southern African Development Community, on whose behalf Zuma was speaking, was ready to help resolve the impasse in Zimbabwe. ",1
14779,Senior Chinese diplomat to visit North Korea as envoy of Xi,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A senior Chinese diplomat will visit North Korea from Friday as a special envoy of Chinese President Xi Jinping, Beijing said, although it did not say he was planning to discuss North Korea s nuclear and ballistic programs. China has repeatedly pushed for a diplomatic solution to the crisis, but in recent months has had only limited high-level exchanges with North Korea. The last time China s special envoy for North Korea visited the country was in February last year.   In a brief dispatch, the official Xinhua news agency said Song Tao, who heads the ruling Communist Party s external affairs department, would leave for North Korea on Friday. He will  inform the DPRK of the 19th CPC National Congress and visit the DPRK , Xinhua said on Wednesday, using the North s official name and referring to China s recently concluded Communist Party Congress at which Xi further cemented his power. North Korea s KCNA news agency confirmed the visit, but said only that it would take place  soon . The trip will come just a week after U.S. President Donald Trump visited Beijing as part of a lengthy Asia tour, where he pressed for greater action to rein in North Korea, especially from China, with which North Korea does 90 percent of its trade.  It is not clear how long Song could stay, but he has already visited Vietnam and Laos to inform them of the results of the congress, a typical courtesy China extends other communist countries after such important meetings. It is also unclear whether Song will meet North Korea s youthful leader Kim Jong Un. Song s  main objective  in going to North Korea was to  report on the 19th Party Congress , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing, adding that it was routine for China and other socialist countries to have such exchanges after important party meetings.  The two countries would also  exchange opinions on matters of mutual concern  during the visit, Geng added.  He reiterated that China was committed to resolving the Korean nuclear issue peacefully through consultation.      Kim and Xi exchanged messages of congratulations and thanks over the Chinese party congress, but neither leader has visited the other s country since assuming power.  Song s department is in charge of the party s relations with foreign political parties, and has traditionally served as a conduit for Chinese diplomacy with North Korea. A department official said last month that China s Communist Party continues to hold talks and maintain contacts with its North Korean counterpart, describing the two countries  friendship as important for regional stability. China s new special envoy for North Korea, Kong Xuanyou, who took up his position in August, is not believed to have yet visited the country since assuming the job. ",1
14780,North Korea defector 'stabilized' after second surgery: South Korean surgeon,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean soldier who suffered critical gunshot wounds during a defection dash over the border to South Korea this week stabilized on Wednesday after a second round of surgery, a doctor treating him said. The soldier, whose rank and identity have not been disclosed, was flown by helicopter to hospital on Monday after his escape to South Korea in a hail of bullets fired by North Korean soldiers. Wednesday s surgery was  successful  in terms of staunching bleeding and the soldier had  stabilized much , said Lee Cook-jong, the surgeon in charge of his treatment. However, he remained unconscious and was not out of the woods, as complications from a severe hip fracture and possible infection remained major concerns, Lee said.   We will be able to tell you after about 10 days,  Lee told reporters at a briefing, when asked about the soldier s chances of surviving. On Tuesday, government and military officials said the soldier was in critical condition but doctors expected him to live. The soldier made his escape in a border  peace village  on the heavily guarded demilitarized zone between the two Koreas. At first, he sped toward the border in a four-wheel drive vehicle but was forced to abandon it and flee on foot when one of its wheels came loose, South Korean officials said earlier. He was hit by about seven bullets before he took cover behind a South Korean structure in a Joint Security Area (JSA) inside the demilitarized zone. Doctors removed five bullets from him earlier and one more on Wednesday. North Korea has remained silent on the issue, while no unusual activity has been detected at the border where the soldier defected, the South s Unification Ministry said.   There will need to be some questioning on why he defected after his treatment is over,  ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun told a regular briefing.  Monday was the first time since 2007 a North Korean soldier had defected across the JSA. ",1
14781,"Zimbabwe military chief's China trip was normal visit, Beijing says","BEIJING (Reuters) - A trip to Beijing last week by Zimbabwe s military chief was a  normal military exchange , China s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday, after the military in the southern African nation seized power. Zimbabwe s military took control targeting  criminals  around President Robert Mugabe but gave assurances on national television that the 93-year-old leader and his family were  safe and sound . General Constantino Chiwenga met Chinese Defence Minister Chang Wanquan in Beijing on Friday, where Chang expressed a willingness to promote relations with Zimbabwe, China s Defence Ministry said in a short statement last week. The ministry showed a picture of the two men, both wearing military uniform, shaking hands, and another one of officers from both countries sitting opposite each other holding a meeting at the People s Liberation Army headquarters in Beijing. Asked whether Chiwenga had briefed China on plans to seize power, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the Defence Ministry had already released information about his trip and that he didn t have an understanding about the specifics of his reception in China.  I can only tell you that his visit to China this time was a normal military exchange mutually agreed upon by China and Zimbabwe,  Geng said, referring other questions to the Defence Ministry, which has yet to respond to a request for comment.  As a country that is friendly with Zimbabwe, we are paying close attention to developments of the situation in Zimbabwe,  Geng added.   Maintaining peaceful and stable development accords with the fundamental interests of Zimbabwe and regional countries, and is the common desire of the international community. We hope the relevant parties in Zimbabwe appropriately handle their internal matters.  In contrast to his elevated status on the continent, Mugabe is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power destroyed one of Africa s most promising states. China and Zimbabwe have a close diplomatic and economic relationship and Beijing has stood with Mugabe s government in the face of Western economic sanctions. In August, Zimbabwe s government said a Chinese company planned to invest up to $2 billion to revive operations at Zimbabwe Iron and Steel Company (ZISCO), which ceased production in 2008 at the height of Zimbabwe s economic meltdown. That same year, China vetoed a proposed Western-backed U.N. resolution which would have imposed an arms embargo on Zimbabwe and financial and travel restrictions on Mugabe and 13 other officials, saying it would  complicate , rather than ease, conflict. ",1
14782,Divided Srebrenica awaits Mladic verdict 22 years after massacre,"SREBRENICA, Bosnia (Reuters) - Almir Salihovic sits in his office in Srebrenica, waiting for a U.N. tribunal to give its judgment on the man accused of massacring his cousins and uncles there in 1995. He is hoping for a measure of justice, but little else. The businessman was 10 when he fled through the woods with his father and brother as Bosnian Serb soldiers opened fire behind them. The troops killed more than 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the days that followed.  Next week the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will give its verdict on Ratko Mladic, the former Bosnian Serb general accused of overseeing the murders and other war crimes, including the siege of Sarajevo. A guilty verdict on Nov. 22 would give some  personal satisfaction to victims,  Salihovic told Reuters at his transportation company in the eastern town, where his family returned in 2004.  But it would do little else - certainly nothing to heal the deeper traumas and still gaping divides.  For most Serbs he will remain a hero, for others he will be the butcher and criminal, and we will continue to live in our folds, side by side, not together,  he said.   We carry the burden of a terrible crime that puts inter-ethnic relations under pressure.     The legacy of a commander who led the Bosnian Serb army in its swift takeover of two-thirds of the country during the 1992-95 war still divides Muslim Bosniaks and Serbs in Bosnia. For Srebrenica Muslims, Mladic is a symbol of the chaos and killings that broke out when his forces took over the U.N-protected eastern enclave where about 40,000 Muslims from eastern Bosnia had sought refuge.  For Serbs the 74-year-old is a proud general who won the territory with very few of his own casualties. Srebrenica s own Serb mayor Mladen Grujicic says the killings did not amount to genocide - and the two international courts who ruled that they did were biased against his fellow Serbs.  It will take many more years to reveal the complete truth, which is not favoring any side,  Grujicic told Reuters.   We in both communities are victims while higher agendas are at stake,  he added, without elaborating. Srebrenica is now a shrinking town where about 7,000 Muslim Bosniaks and Serbs still live side by side, suspicious of each other and divided by the past.  One thing they do share is their poverty. The town is dotted with empty houses, left behind by people seeking a better life. This year the only bakery and butchers shop had to close down. Srebrenica was once known for its metal plant and nearby lead, zinc and gold mines. These days, the main landmark is the cemetery on its outskirts and the 6,575 white tombstones marking the remains of the victims that authorities have managed to find.  In 2010, I buried my children and husband. Nobody should go through it ever again. Now I live alone, and I should not have had to live alone if it was not for some hotheads,  said Hatidza Mehmedovic. The 66-year-old comes every day to tend the graves of her husband and two sons killed in what is widely seen as Europe s worst atrocity since the World War Two.  This is not life, this is hell, this is a life of punishment,  Mehmedovic told Reuters.  Further southwest, in Mladic s home village of Bozanovici, his cousins are also waiting for the tribunal s verdict. They fear he will be jailed for crimes they say he did not commit.  I would be happiest if he died before the judgment,  his uncle Mile Mladic told Reuters.   We would then raise a large monument for him in the village and write the truth. All this that is happening is not the truth. It is a lie. The general is not guilty.  ",1
14783,Indian police arrest suspected cow vigilantes after Muslim killed,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian police have arrested two Hindu farmers in connection with the killing of a Muslim man suspected of smuggling cows to a slaughter house, the investigating officer said on Wednesday. Hardline Hindu groups have gained prominence since Prime Minister Narendra Modi s nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party came to power in 2014, and the protection of cows, considered holy by many in the Hindu-majority country, is a priority for them. Police found the body of Ummar Khan, 35 on Friday on railway tracks in Alwar district, in the northwestern state of Rajasthan. The two suspects were detained on Monday and arrested the next day, said Rahul Prakash, the top police officer in Alwar.  It is a clear case of murder over the issue of cow protection and we have also found that the victim was running a cow-smuggling racket,  Prakash said. Khan and two accomplices were using a stolen vehicle to transport five cows when they were attacked by six members of a self-styled cow protection force, he said.  Both sides were carrying guns and were shooting at each other.  Khan was shot dead and his body was thrown onto the railway track, Prakash said. Cow slaughter is illegal in most of India.  Gau rakshaks , or cow vigilantes, run a loosely organized movement that they say is meant to prevent cattle smuggling, with tactics that include highway ambushes. Modi has called for more to be done to prevent such attacks on people accused of eating beef or slaughtering cows. This year, a Muslim farmer died from injuries sustained during an assault by a mob in Alwar, about 180 km (100 miles) southwest of New Delhi, when he was taking cows to his home. Khan s wife, Khurdisan, denied that her husband and been leading any cows to slaughter. She accused members of a right-wing Hindu group affiliated to Modi s party of the murder.  He was bringing the cows home for their milk, not for their meat. I want the government to protect me and my children,  she was quoted as saying by Hindi-language Rajasthan Patrika newspaper. ",1
14784,China says envoy to North Korea will exchange views on matters between two countries,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that a senior diplomat traveling to North Korea as a special envoy of Chinese President Xi Jinping will exchange views on matters between the two countries and parties. Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comment at a daily news briefing, adding that he was not aware of specific arrangements on who the Chinese envoy, Song Tao, will meet while in the North. He did not specify what matters would be discussed. The official Xinhua news agency earlier said Song, who heads the ruling Communist Party s external affairs department, would leave for North Korea on Friday. ",1
14785,Shot North Korean defector suffered massive internal injuries: surgeon,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The North Korean soldier who was shot while defecting to South Korea on Monday suffered massive internal damage, the surgeon leading his treatment said on Wednesday.   I ve never seen such injuries outside of a textbook in more than 20 years of my career,  Lee Cook-jong, the surgeon in charge of the soldier, said at a media briefing.  The soldier was being operated upon for a second time on Wednesday, the hospital treating him said. ",1
14786,North Korea's Kim trades missiles for tractors during testing lull,"SEOUL (Reuters) - After a summer filled with flaming rockets and an earth-shaking nuclear blast, North Korea s state media is portraying Kim Jong Un as a leader who has temporarily traded weapons for workshops. The new portrayal appears designed to build domestic support by delivering on promises to develop the economy alongside the nuclear program and to reassure citizens amid tightening international sanctions. State media photos released on Wednesday showed Kim examining equipment at a tractor factory, test driving one of the vehicles and laughing with workers, the latest in a stream of photos in the past two months depicting a smiling Kim visiting farms and factories that make shoes, cosmetics, trucks. Between June 21 and Sept. 20, Kim did not conduct a single public activity related to the economy, instead focusing almost exclusively on appearances at events including missile tests or tours of weapons factories, according to data collected by South Korea s Ministry of Unification. The resumption of public, economic-related activities has coincided with a lull in missile testing. North Korea has not fired a rocket or tested a nuclear weapon since it launched a ballistic missile over Japan on Sept. 15. The break in testing matches lulls at similar times in past years and North Korea is almost certainly continuing its push for more capable nuclear weapons, South Korean officials say. But the renewed focus on economic development could be a bid to unify North Koreans and strengthen support for the leadership, said Baik Tae-hyun, a spokesman for South Korea s Unification Ministry.  While North Korea still shows the will to continue developing its nuclear and missile program, their focus on the economy is also helping the North Korean people come together,  Baik said. North Korea may be starting to feel the pinch of sanctions, tightened after its sixth and most powerful nuclear test in September, and its leadership could be under pressure to limit their impact, said Nam Sung-wook, a professor of North Korean studies at Korea University in Seoul.  Kim Jong Un has been simply doing what he does best - encouraging his people to achieve rapid economic growth and boost production,  Nam said.  Taking care of the economy and his people are the top priorities.  Since taking the reins of the reclusive regime after the death of his father at the end of 2011, Kim has embraced a goal of simultaneously pursing economic development and advanced nuclear weapons. New U.N. Security Council sanctions in August and September banned imports of coal, textiles and seafood, while restricting oil shipments to the North. North Korean officials have said in state media the sanctions were causing a  colossal amount of damage  to ordinary North Koreans, while leaders have shown defiance, arguing that self-reliance can overcome international pressure.  The main key to foiling the extremely vicious sanctions and pressure of the U.S. imperialists and their vassal forces and turning misfortune into a blessing is just self-reliance and the sci-tech strength,  Kim said in an Oct. 7 speech to leaders of his ruling Workers  Party of Korea, according to state media.        Benjamin Katzeff Silberstein, a researcher with the Foreign Policy Research Institute who tracks North Korea s economy, said there was a push to expand manufacturing and decrease reliance on imports of a wide range of goods. North Korea was also looking to expand exports of products not covered by sanctions, such as tractors, Silberstein added. While analysts say there is anecdotal evidence the sanctions are beginning to the North s economy, it is not clear to what degree. Prices of petrol and diesel have spiked, but the cost of foods likes corn and rice have remained relatively stable, according to a Reuters analysis of market data collected by the defector-run Daily NK website. ",1
14787,Zimbabwe military's statement after seizing power,"HARARE (Reuters) - Following is the text of an address made by Zimbabwe Major General SB Moyo, Chief of Staff Logistics, on national television after the military seized power:  Following the address we made on November 13, 2017, which we believe our main broadcaster, the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation and The Herald were directed not to publicize, the situation in our country has moved to another level. Firstly, we wish to assure the nation that His Excellency the President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, and commander-in-chief of Zimbabwe Defence Forces, Comrade RG Mugabe, and his family are safe and sound and their security is guaranteed.  We are only targeting criminals around him who are committing crimes that are causing social and economic suffering in the country in order to bring them to justice.  As soon as we have accomplished our mission, we expect that the situation will return to normalcy. To the civil servants, as you are aware, there is a plan by the same individuals to influence the current purging that is taking place in the political sphere to the civil service. We are against that act of injustice and we intend to protect every one of you against that.  To the judiciary, the measures underway are intended to assure that as an independent arm of the state you are able to exercise your independent authority without fear of being obstructed as has been the case with this group of individuals.  To our members of parliament, your legislative role is of paramount importance for peace and stability in this country and it is our desire that a dispensation is created that allows you to serve your respective political constituencies according to democratic tenets.  To the generality of the people of Zimbabwe we urge you to remain calm and limit unnecessary movement. However, we encourage those who are employed and those with essential business in the city to continue their normal activities usual. Our wish is that you enjoy your rights and freedoms and that we return our country to a dispensation that allows for investment, development and prosperity that we all fought for and for which many of our citizens paid the supreme sacrifice.  To political parties we urge you to discourage your members from engaging in violent behavior.  To the youth we call upon you to realize that the future of this country is yours. Do not be enticed with dirty coins of silver. Be disciplined and remain committed to the ethos and values of this great nation.  To all churches and religious organizations in Zimbabwe we call upon you and your congregations to pray for our country and preach the gospel of love, peace, unity and development.  To both our people and the world beyond our borders, we wish to make it abundantly clear that this is not a military takeover of government. What the Zimbabwe Defence Forces is actually doing is to pacify a degenerating political, social and economic situation in our country, which if not addressed may result in a violent conflict.  We call upon all the war veterans to play positive in ensuring peace, stability and unity in the country.  To members of the defense forces, all leave is canceled and you all to return to your barracks with immediate effect.  To our respected traditional leaders, you are our custodians of our culture, customs, traditions and heritage and we request you to provide leadership and direction to your communities for the sake of unity and development in our country.  To the other Security Services: We urge you to cooperate for the good of our country. Let it be clear that we intend to address the human security threats in our country. Therefore any provocation will be met with an appropriate response.  To the media; we urge you report fairly and responsibly.  Thank you  ",1
14788,Zimbabwe opposition calls for peaceful return to democracy,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) called for a peaceful return to constitutional democracy on Wednesday after an overnight military coup against 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. The MDC, the main political challenger to Mugabe s ZANU-PF party for the last two decades, also said it hoped the military intervention would lead to the  establishment of a stable, democratic and progressive nation state . ",1
14789,Going strong after 70 years: UK's Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip celebrate platinum anniversary,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Queen Elizabeth will add another landmark to her record-breaking reign on Monday when she and Prince Philip celebrate their 70th wedding anniversary. Princess Elizabeth, as she was at the time, married dashing naval officer Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten at London s Westminster Abbey on Nov. 20, 1947, just two years after the end of World War Two, in a lavish ceremony attended by statesmen and royalty from around the world. Seventy years on, Elizabeth, 91, and her 96-year-old husband will mark their platinum anniversary with a small family party at Windsor Castle, the monarch s home to the west of London. A spokesman for Buckingham Palace said there would be no public event to mark the occasion. Greek-born Philip, a descendant of Elizabeth s great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria in his own right, has been at his wife s side throughout her 65-year reign, the longest in British history. He was the person who broke the news to her in 1952 that her father, George VI, had died and that she was now queen.  One of the secrets of this very, very long marriage, and it s an incredibly impressive anniversary, is the fact Prince Philip has always seen it as his main duty to support the queen, to help her in whatever way he can,  royal historian Hugo Vickers told Reuters.  He is the only person who can actually tell the queen absolutely straight what he thinks, and if he thinks some idea is ridiculous he will say so in whatever language he chooses to use.  The couple first met when they attended the wedding of Prince Philip s cousin, Princess Marina of Greece, to Elizabeth s uncle, the Duke of Kent, in 1934.  Philip then gained the attention of his future wife when the then-13-year-old princess made a visit with her parents to Britain s Royal Naval College at Dartmouth in southern England where he was a cadet.  She was truly in love from the very beginning,  the queen s cousin Margaret Rhodes, a life-long friend and one of her bridesmaids who died last year, wrote in her memoir.     Their engagement was announced in July 1947 and they married four months later. With Britain still recovering from the war, the wedding offered a rare burst of color and pageantry against an austere background of rationing and shortages. The 21-year-old princess, who wore an ivory silk Norman Hartnell gown decorated with 10,000 seed pearls, had to collect coupons for her dress like other post-war brides and the couple spent their honeymoon in southern England and Scotland. While some two billion people were estimated to have watched the couple s grandson Prince William marry his wife Kate in 2011, their own wedding was only broadcast live to some 200 million radio listeners, although highlights of the day were captured on grainy black and white film footage.   I can see that you are sublimely happy with Philip which is right, but don t forget us is the wish of your ever loving & devoted Papa,  King George wrote to his daughter after the wedding. While royal watchers say Elizabeth and Philip have had their ups and downs like any married couple, they have avoided the travails of three of their four children whose marriages have ended in divorce, most notably heir Prince Charles s ill-fated union with his late first wife Princess Diana. It was at the couple s 50th wedding anniversary in 1997 that the queen paid a rare personal tribute to her husband.  He has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years,  Elizabeth said.  No other British monarch has celebrated such a landmark, and indeed Elizabeth was the first to mark a diamond wedding anniversary in 2007.  Philip, who has suffered health issues in recent years and was hospitalized in June, retired from active public life in August. They both attended a memorial service on Remembrance Sunday on Nov. 12, although a royal source said the monarch had decided not to lay a wreath so she could watch from a nearby balcony alongside her husband.   Without Prince Philip the queen would have had a very tough and lonely life. He s been a complete support to her, a rock to her, from the moment she was on the throne,  royal biographer Claudia Joseph told Reuters. ",1
14790,Rights watchers slam Myanmar's ban on protests in biggest city,"YANGON (Reuters) - Human rights monitors on Wednesday urged Myanmar to withdraw a  ban on protests in its largest city, Yangon, amid fears that free speech is under pressure under the government led by democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi.  Suu Kyi led efforts to end decades of military rule and won a landmark election in the Buddhist-majority country in 2015, but her civilian government shares power with the military and has no control over the army and police. She has also been roundly criticised in the West for failing to rein in the military over its alleged role in atrocities  against minority Rohingya Muslims which the United Nations has described as textbook ethnic cleansing. The ban on protests, issued this month by a military-controlled ministry, restricts all applications for processions or assemblies in central Yangon in order to avoid  public annoyance and anxiety  and  disturbance of traffic , according to official documents reviewed by Reuters.      The curb came weeks before Pope Francis  visit to Yangon, when he is expected to raise the Rohingya, hundreds of thousands of whom have fled the country after a Myanmar army offensive in August.  It underscores rising concerns over free speech after recent arrests of journalists and activists in Myanmar.   There is no legitimate reason for imposing a ban on all protests in major sections of Burma s largest city,  said Brad Adams, Asia director at Human Rights Watch, referring to Myanmar by its old name.   This directive was issued by a military officer and should be seen by the civilian government as a direct challenge to its commitment to basic rights for Burmese citizens. The government needs to reverse this ban and uphold the rule of law and refuse to capitulate to arbitrary actions by the military.  The order, issued by Yangon Region Security and Border Affairs Minister Colonel Aung Soe Moe, instructs authorities in 11 townships to deny all applications for assemblies. It does not say how long the curb will last.  A senior official from the military-run General Administration Department in Yangon s Ahlone Township confirmed that his office has received the order. He declined to be named as he s not authorized to speak to the media.     Reuters was unable to contact Yangon s police deputy chief by telephone. The office of Yangon s chief minister Phyo Min Thein declined to comment. A Myanmar court last week jailed for two months two journalists along with their interpreter and driver for violating an aircraft law by filming with a drone. Police on Sunday arrested an ultra-nationalist Buddhist monk who has a history of stoking sentiment against the Rohingya.  Since Suu Kyi s government took power last year, 93 people including journalists and activists have been charged or arrested under a controversial law that some worry is used to curb criticism of the authorities, according to advocacy group Research Team for Telecommunications Law.  ",1
14791,"China corruption could lead to Soviet-style collapse, graft buster says","BEIJING (Reuters) - China must step up its battle against corruption in order to safeguard against a Soviet-style collapse, the country s second most senior graft buster said in an editorial on Wednesday. Yang Xiaodu, the deputy secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, who was promoted to the ruling Communist Party s 25-strong Politburo last month, said failure would risk the  red country changing color . In unusually direct and strongly worded criticism of previous administrations, Yang said  in a previous period , corruption had been allowed to fester to such an extent that the party s leadership had weakened, with supervision soft, and ideology apathetic.  It had developed to the point where if not rectified, the country could change color,  Yang wrote in the official People s Daily.  The future fate of the party and the country s people could follow the same old road to ruin as the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc.  President Xi Jinping, like many officials before him, is steeped in the party s long-held belief that loosening control too quickly or even at all could lead to chaos and the break up of the country. The party regularly implores cadres to study the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s.     Yang s editorial is the latest salvo signaling that the intensity of Xi s signature war on corruption would not wane despite the departure of Xi s right-hand man, Wang Qishan, who was widely seen as China s second most powerful politician before being replaced as anti-corruption chief in a leadership reshuffle last month.  Wang s replacement, Zhao Leji, wrote a similarly strongly worded editorial in the People s Daily on Saturday. Yang said Xi s anti-corruption achievements had been revolutionary in  turning the blade of the knife inward . But he said unhealthy pollutants within the party s political ecosystem had yet to be completely cleansed, and the anti-corruption fight remained  grave and complex .  There is no road for retreat, only forward in attack, and definitely no pause or relax,  Yang wrote. China has plans for a national supervision law and a new commission next year to oversee the expansion of Xi s graft fight. Yang, who is also minister of supervision, had been Wang s deputy since 2014 and his promotion to the Politburo is seen as another display of the importance the central leadership attaches to fighting corruption. ",1
14792,Zimbabwe's War Vets call for Western re-engagement after military seizes power,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The leader of Zimbabwe s influential liberation war veterans called on Wednesday for South Africa, southern Africa and the West to re-engage with Zimbabwe after the military seized power from 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Chris Mutsvangwa hailed the military s overnight move as the  correction of a state that was careening off a cliff  and said the military administration would usher in a  better business environment  after years of disinvestment and economic decline. ",1
14793,Beijing hits brakes on subway boom over debt concerns,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China has hit the brakes on subway projects in at least three cities and Beijing is asking others to slow down their plans, local governments and media have reported, indicating concerns over high debt from city-level infrastructure spending. China has been in the grips of a metro-building binge with more than 50 cities working on over 1 trillion yuan ($150.8 billion) worth of projects, after population restrictions were loosened last year to allow more cities to have metro systems. Such infrastructure spending has helped to shore up economic growth but is now being scrutinized more closely after the government pledged to clamp down on financial risks. Policymakers have warned about the risk of asset bubbles due to high levels of corporate and household debt in the economy. China s overall debt has jumped to more than 250 percent of GDP from 150 percent at the end of 2006. Financial magazine Caixin, citing unnamed sources close to the matter, reported that authorities in Inner Mongolia s Hohhot and Baotou cities have scrapped approved projects worth billions of dollars in recent months due to concerns over finances.  Xianyang city which wants to build six lines to link up to central Shaanxi province s capital of Xi an, said in a statement this month some of its plans had not yet been approved by the state planner, the National Development and Reform Commission.   The NDRC has become more cautious about approving metro construction plans and it will be difficult to achieve approval within the year,  it said, adding that one of the factors was debt concerns over the Baotou metro. The Economic Observer newspaper said it was told by the Wuhan city planner that the NDRC was re-evaluating the country s subway construction situation.  The Baotou city planner declined to comment when contacted by Reuters on Wednesday. The NDRC and authorities in Hohhot and Wuhan did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Guotai Junan analyst Gary Wong said such a crackdown on metro projects was appropriate given that many remote and financially weak cities had undertaken metro projects. He said  he did not anticipate a large impact on locomotive suppliers such as CRRC Corp who have shifted focus to metros to offset the slowing high-speed rail market.  They are already full with orders, even if they don t get new orders at the moment they will still be busy for the next 2-3 years,  he said.  China would overtake Europe and the Americas if all 50 cities went ahead with their metro plans, data from the International Association of Public Transport showed. Europe has 46 cities with metro systems, and America has 33 cities.  The China Association of Metros said in July that 30 cities currently have metros. ",1
14794,Plane crash in Russia's far east kills six: report,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six people were killed when a small plane crashed in Russia s far eastern region of Khabarovsk early on Wednesday, Russian news agencies said. There were seven people on board the L-410 aircraft including two crew, RIA said, adding that one passenger, a child, had survived the crash, but was in grave condition. ",1
14795,"Zimbabwe soldiers, armored vehicles seal road access to government offices","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean soldiers and armored vehicles blocked roads to the main government offices, parliament and the courts in central Harare, a Reuters witness said on Wednesday, after the military said it had seized power in a targeted assault on  criminals  around President Robert Mugabe. Nearby, some Zimbabweans queued for cash outside banks while public taxis ferried commuters to work. ",1
14796,Zimbabwe army detains finance minister: government source,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s military detained Finance Minister Ignatius Chombo on Wednesday after seizing power in an attempt to root out  criminals  around President Robert Mugabe who it said were causing social and economic suffering, a government source said. Chombo was a leading member of the so-called  G40  faction of the ruling ZANU-PF party, led by Mugabe s wife Grace, that had been vying to succeed the 93-year-old president. ",1
14797,China says Catalonia situation shows Taiwan independence effort doomed to fail,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The failure of Catalonia s effort to declare independence shows that Taiwan independence is also doomed to fail as national unity is paramount for all countries, a Chinese official said on Wednesday. China takes a dim view of independence or secessionist movements around the world, while saying it adheres to a policy of non-interference in other nations  internal affairs. Beijing has said it opposes any actions to split Spain. Last month Madrid assumed direct rule over Catalonia after the Spanish prime minister sacked the region s secessionist government which had declared independence from Spain following an attempted referendum. The issue is particularly sensitive for China because of the status of self-ruled and democratic Taiwan, claimed by China as its inherent territory, but where many people would like to proclaim formal independence, a red line for Beijing. The failure of Catalonia s independence bid was a good thing, said Ma Xiaoguang, the spokesman of China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office.  The failure of the Catalonia referendum fully shows that protecting national sovereignty and territorial integrity is a paramount national interest for east or west,  Ma told a regular news briefing.  So Taiwan independence is doomed to failure.  Relations between Beijing and Taipei have nosedived since the island elected Tsai Ing-wen as president last year. China believes she wants formal independence for Taiwan. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China, but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. China has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan, stepped up military drills around the island and sought to squeeze its international space by siphoning off Taiwan s remaining diplomatic allies. This week, Taiwan said its environment minister had been prevented from attending an annual U.N. climate meeting in Germany, despite credentials as a non-governmental participant, due to pressure from China. Ma said Taiwan had itself to blame for the poor state of ties and its inability to participate in events such as the climate talks.  The Taiwan side shouldn t put blame on others while they themselves are to blame, and should earnestly reflect on things,  he added. ",1
14798,Colombia court approves peace tribunals ahead of congressional vote,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s constitutional court said in a ruling late on Tuesday that special justice tribunals outlined in a peace deal between the government and the Marxist FARC rebels are constitutional, ahead of a congressional vote on the subject. The court upheld most of the provisions agreed in the 2016 peace accord for the special courts, which will mete out alternative sentences like landmine removal for ex-guerrilla leaders from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) who are convicted of war crimes. Congress is holding debates on a law which would approve the tribunals. The bill has been backed by committees in both the upper and lower houses and is expected to be put to floor votes this week. President Juan Manuel Santos, speaking on television after the court s decision, urged congress to pass the law as quickly as possible. Guerrilla leaders participating in politics as part of the FARC s new political party will still have to comply with sentences from the court, he said, while Colombians, many of whom despise the group, must accept that the deal allows them to run for office.  Colombians, with our votes, will decide if we accept their ideas and proposals or if we reject them. Without a doubt it is better to have the FARC giving speeches than shooting bullets,  Santos said.  The court made several modifications to the law, local media reported, opening the possibility that ex-rebels could be extradited for crimes committed after the peace process ends and that former guerrillas elected to public office could lose their seats if they fail to comply with the tribunal process. ",1
14799,Zimbabwe military says it is not taking over government: BBC,"(Reuters) - Zimbabwe s military action was not a takeover of the government and was meant to  target criminals , the BBC reported on Wednesday, citing the country s national broadcaster. The military read out a statement on ZBC in which it said President Robert Mugabe was safe, the BBC reported. Zimbabwe's envoy to South Africa, Isaac Moyo, also dismissed talks of a coup, saying the government was ""intact"", the BBC said. bbc.in/2iX3Kls Soldiers were deployed across capital Harare and seized the state broadcaster on Wednesday after 93-year-old Mugabe s ruling ZANU-PF party accused the head of the military of treason, prompting frenzied speculation of a coup.  ",1
14800,Australian PM says government aims to legalize same-sex marriage by year-end,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Wednesday his government will seek to pass legislation to legalize same-sex marriage by the end of the year after a majority of voters supported the move in a non-compulsory survey. The Australian Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday 61.6 percent of voters cast their ballots in support of same-sex marriage. A total of 38.4 percent were opposed.  The Australian people have tasked us to get this done. This year, before Christmas - that must be our commitment,  Turnbull told reporters in Canberra.  ",1
14801,Alleged ringleader of 2010 migrant massacre in Mexico arrested,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The alleged mastermind of one of the worst massacres of migrants in Mexico s long drug war was detained on Tuesday in an operation led by federal police. Mexican security authorities said in a statement that the suspect whom they named only as Martiniano de Jesus  N  allegedly coordinated the massacre of 72 migrants in the town of San Fernando in northern Tamaulipas state in August 2010.  The 56-year-old suspect, also believed to be involved in more recent violent crimes, was detained at a hospital in Ciudad Victoria, the state capital of Tamaulipas, according to the statement. In one of the worst atrocities in Mexico s prolonged drug war, the 72 bodies were found in an empty building at a remote ranch some 90 miles (145 km)from the Texas border. The victims were mostly Central and South American migrant workers and appeared to have been blindfolded and bound before they were lined up against a wall and gunned down. ",1
14802,Protest over odor from rotting corpses shuts Mexican government office,"CHILPANCINGO, Mexico (Reuters) - A protest by government workers in a drug violence-riddled southern Mexican city over rotting corpses at the municipal morgue temporarily closed a prosecutor s office on Tuesday, officials said. The protest by some 60 workers forced the office in the city of Chilpancingo, the capital of southern Guerrero state, to shut for about three hours. The protesters complained that overcrowding at the morgue was causing unsanitary conditions. Violence has spiked in Guerrero in recent years as a growing number of criminal gangs vie for control of crops of opium poppies and for drug-trafficking routes. Media reports said that at least 500 corpses were being stored in the morgue. Officials promised protesters that future transfers of bodies to the morgue will involve better sanitary conditions.  Workers in the prosecutor s office will take the necessary precautions so that the situation that occurred today, in which the odor (from the corpses) arrived at the office and caused the workers to stop work, doesn t happen again,  the state government said in a statement.   ",1
14803,"Russia attacked energy, telecom and media in Britain: government official","(Reuters) - Russian cyber operatives have attacked Britain s media, telecommunications and energy sectors over the past year, according to prepared remarks by the head of the government s  main cyber defense agency. Ciaran Martin, chief executive of the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC), declined to provide any details on the attacks in a speech scheduled for Wednesday in London. The remarks follow comments on Monday from Prime Minister Theresa May in which she accused Russia of spreading disinformation and meddling in elections, echoing a heated debate in the United States over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Russian has strongly denied any election interference in the United States. The Russian embassy in Washington did not immediately respond when asked after normal business hours for comment on Martin s remarks. The NCSC, a branch of the GCHQ, Britain s main signals intelligence agency, has been in operation for a year and is charged with shoring up cyber security by working with a wide range of stakeholders. Martin said in his prepared remarks:  I can confirm that Russian interference, seen by the National Cyber Security Centre over the past the year, has included attacks on the UK media, telecommunication and energy sectors.   The agency was  actively engaging with international partners, industry and civil society  to tackle the threat from Russia, he said. Martin echoed May s comments that Russia was trying to  undermine the international system  with information warfare and cyber attacks.  Cyber security experts have long worried about attacks on electrical grids in particular, but Martin offered no evidence that the alleged Russian attacks succeeded in penetrating power systems or other critical infrastructure in the UK.    ( This story has been refiled to fix transposed letters in acronym in 5th paragraph) ",1
14804,U.S. embassy in Zimbabwe tells staff to stay home due to 'political uncertainty',"(Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador in Zimbabwe has instructed all employees to remain home on Wednesday due to  ongoing political uncertainty,  the embassy said in a statement on its website amid speculation about a coup.  U.S. citizens in Zimbabwe are encouraged to shelter in place until further notice,  the statement said, adding the embassy would be closed to the public on Wednesday. Soldiers deployed across the Zimbabwe capital Harare and seized the state broadcaster on Wednesday after 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe s ruling ZANU-PF party accused the head of the military of treason. ",1
14805,Venezuela opposition says talks with government delayed,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition said on Tuesday that this week s planned political dialogue in the Dominican Republic with President Nicolas Maduro s government was being postponed because regional guarantors were not going.  The international negotiation process cannot go ahead until the foreign ministers are invited,  opposition negotiator Luis Florido said, referring to the potential presence of Latin American foreign ministers at the talks. Negotiations to ease a bitter and long-running political crisis in the OPEC nation had been scheduled for Wednesday. Previous dialogue efforts have ended in recriminations between the two sides with no concrete progress. The opposition coalition had previously accused the Maduro government of blocking the presence of foreign ministers at this week s talks, but on Tuesday said it appeared to be more a scheduling problem. There was no immediate response from officials. The opposition s principal demand is for free and fair conditions for the 2018 presidential election.  It also wants freedom for jailed activists, autonomy for the opposition-led Congress, and a foreign humanitarian aid corridor to help alleviate Venezuela s unprecedented economic crisis.  Maduro accuses his opponents of conspiring with the United States and a right-wing international campaign to oust his socialist government via a coup. The government is seeking guarantees against violence and recognition of the pro-Maduro Constituent Assembly that has overridden Congress. At least 125 people died in four months of often violent protests against Maduro earlier this year. Foes say he is a dictator who has wrecked a once-prosperous economy. Maduro and his allies have accused the opposition of preferring violence to dialogue. Debt refinancing talks with international investors had begun successfully in Caracas on Monday, the government said, though creditors said the discussions were fruitless.        ",1
14806,Oil seen as real prize of Iran's Kurdish adventure,"BAGHDAD/LONDON (Reuters) - After helping Iraq stifle a Kurdish push for independence, Iran is now positioning itself to take control of oil exports from the region s giant Kirkuk field, with the first deliveries expected within days, officials and trading sources said. In the weeks since September s failed Kurdish independence referendum, Iraq has agreed for the first time to divert crude from Kirkuk province, which it retook from the Kurds, to Iran, where it will supply a refinery in the city of Kermanshah. Iran is locked in a proxy war with its regional rival and U.S. ally, Saudi Arabia. As well as Iraq, it has been extending its influence in Syria, Yemen and Lebanon, raising increasing concerns in Washington and Riyadh. Under the new arrangement, the first oil will be trucked across the border in the coming days. Initially Iran will receive 15,000 barrels per day worth nearly $1 million, rising gradually to 60,000 bpd, according to Iraqi officials and trading sources. Baghdad and Tehran have also revived a project to build a pipeline to carry oil from Iraq s Kirkuk fields to central Iran and onwards for export from the Gulf. Hamid Hosseini, the Iranian secretary-general of the Iran-Iraq Chamber of Commerce, said Iran want to build a pipeline that can take as much as 650,000 bpd of Kurdish oil for its domestic refineries and for exports. The pipeline would replace existing export routes for crude from northern Iraq via Turkey and the Mediterranean and would be a blow to Ankara s hopes of becoming an energy hub for Europe. It would also be evidence of a U.S. failure to prevent a rapprochement between its ally Iraq and one of its biggest political foes, Iran, which is rapidly regaining influence in the Middle East. That is in part due to general Qassem Soleimani, commander of the Quds force, the international branch of the Revolutionary Guards, which is also taking a keen interest in Iran s oil business in Iraq. Soleimani visited Iraqi Kurdistan in September to warn the region against holding an independence vote. He was also involved in the Iraqi army s recapture of Kirkuk.  In Iraq, Iranian forces are working to sow discord as we recently saw in Kirkuk, where the presence of Quds force commander, Qassem Soleimani, exacerbated tensions among the Kurds and the government in Baghdad,  U.S. Senator John McCain said in Washington last week.  The Kurdish dream of being a big oil exporter is in tatters,  said a source close to the government in Erbil, who predicted that  Iran will be king of the game . The Kurds  bid for independence angered Turkey and Iran, which both have large Kurdish populations and condemned the referendum  as destabilizing the region. The United States also called on Kurdistan to scrap the vote.  But it was probably internal Kurdish divisions which doomed the referendum to failure, local political sources believe. Oil was at the heart of this dispute. The Kirkuk fields were controlled by Iraq s state oil firm SOMO before being taken over by Kurdish forces in 2014, when the Iraqi army retreated in the face of attacks by Islamic state. The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan party (PUK), in Sulaimaniya, then accused the ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) party of then President Massoud Barzani, based in the capital Erbil, of not sharing the oil wealth. The PUK wanted to export oil from Kirkuk to Iran.  We tried to make Barzani accept joint management between Erbil and Sulaimaniya over the fields but he strongly opposed it,  said Sherzad Yaba, a political adviser close to the PUK.  To put an end to the illegitimate control of the KDP over Kirkuk oil, senior members from the PUK contacted both Baghdad and Tehran and encouraged the Iranians to build a pipeline to export Kirkuk crude through Bandar Abbas port,  said Yaba. The project lay dormant even though Iraqi oil minister Jabar al-Luaibi and his Iranian counterpart Bijal Zanganeh signed a memorandum on the project in February.  After the referendum, the KDP accused the PUK of striking a deal with Iran to withdraw from Kirkuk, which the PUK denies. The recapture of Kirkuk was coordinated with Soleimani and left Iraqi government troops in control of half of all Kurdish oil output. As Kurdish engineers fled the fields, output from Kirkuk was suspended and has remained shut for the past five weeks as Baghdad and Erbil argue over the revenue split. With output of over 300,000 bpd suspended since mid-October, losses are approaching $1 billion, according to Kurdish industry sources. To stop the losses, Iraq and the PUK resumed talks with Iran, according to Iraqi and Kurdish officials. Officials from Iraq s and Iran s state oil firms, SOMO and NICO, met last month to iron out details of oil sales to the Kermanshah refinery, the acting chief of SOMO, Alaa al-Yasiri, said. He also said active discussions were taking place about the pipeline project. Even though discussions between Baghdad and Tehran have been conducted between oil ministry officials and the Chamber of Commerce, the Revolutionary Guards are poised to step in.  Any oil transaction between Iran and Iraq should be approved by the Revolutionary Guards, not the oil ministry.  said Reza Mostafavi Tabatabaei, president of London-based ENEXD, a firm involved in the energy equipment business in the Middle East. Those dealings are overseen by the desk responsible for Iran s investments in Iraq at the president s office and are run by the Revolutionary Guards. The pipeline project will be the Revolutionary Guards  reward to the Kurds for helping with the recapture of Kirkuk, said Tabatabaei. ",1
14807,Alaska Airlines discontinues Los Angeles-Havana daily flight,"(Reuters) - U.S. airline Alaska Airlines on Tuesday said it would discontinue a daily flight between Los Angeles and Havana, Cuba, after Jan. 22, due to the recent changes in Cuba travel policies by the U.S. government. The U.S. government made it tougher last week for Americans to visit Cuba and do business in the country, making good on a pledge by President Donald Trump to roll back his Democratic predecessor s move toward warmer ties with Havana.  The regulations include a ban on Americans doing business with some 180 Cuban government entities, holding companies, and tourism companies. The airline which started the Los Angeles-Havana flight in January this year, said it will redeploy the aircraft to other markets with stronger demand.   Passengers who have tickets booked to Havana after January 22 will be rebooked on another airline at no additional cost or a full refund, the company said. ",1
14808,Soldiers on Harare streets as ruling party accuses Zimbabwe army chief of treason,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling party accused the head of the armed forces of treason on Tuesday as troops took up positions around the capital in an escalation of a dispute with 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe over political succession. Just 24 hours after military chief General Constantino Chiwenga threatened to intervene to end a purge in the ruling party, a Reuters reporter saw six armored personnel carriers on major thoroughfares on the outskirts of the capital. Aggressive soldiers directing traffic told passing cars to keep moving through the darkness.  Don t try anything funny. Just go,  one soldier said on Harare Drive. The presence of troops, including the movement of at least six armored personnel carriers from a barracks northwest of Harare, sparked rumors of coup against Mugabe, although there was no evidence to suggest Zimbabwe s leader of the last 37 years had been toppled. The lead item on the ZBC state broadcaster s evening news bulletin was an anti-military rally by the youth wing of Mugabe s ZANU-PF party. The Southern African nation has been on edge since Monday when Chiwenga, Commander of Zimbabwe Defence Forces, said he was prepared to  step in  to end a purge of supporters of a sacked vice president. The unprecedented statement represents an escalation of a rumbling political struggle over who will succeed Mugabe, who has been in power since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980. Mugabe chaired a weekly cabinet meeting in the capital on Tuesday. Afterwards, ZANU-PF said it stood by the  primacy of politics over the gun  and accused Chiwenga of  treasonable conduct... meant to incite insurrection.  Mugabe fired Vice President Emerson Mnangagwa last week. The veteran of the 1970s liberation war was popular with the military and had been seen as a likely successor to Mugabe. The army views his removal as part of a purge of independence-era figures to pave the way for Mugabe to hand power to his wife Grace Mugabe. A Reuters witness saw two armored vehicles parked beside the main road from Harare to Chinhoyi, about 20 km (14 miles) from the city. One, which was pointed in the direction of the capital, had come off its tracks. Witnesses said they saw four armored vehicles turn before reaching Harare and head towards the Presidential Guard compound in a suburb on the outskirts of Harare.  There were about four tanks and they turned right here, you can see markings on the road,  one witness on the Chinhoyi highway said, referring to the armored vehicles. He pointed to a road that links to the guard compound. The troop movements raise tension on a continent where for decades armies regularly overthrew civilian governments. Neither the president nor his wife responded in public to the general s remarks and state media did not publish Chiwenga s statement. The Herald newspaper posted some of the comments on its Twitter page but deleted them. The head of ZANU-PF s youth wing accused the army chief of subverting the constitution. Grace Mugabe has developed a strong following in the powerful youth wing.  Defending the revolution and our leader and president is an ideal we live for and if need be it is a principle we are prepared to die for,  Kudzai Chipanga, who leads the ZANU-PF Youth League, said at the party s headquarters in Harare. Grace Mugabe s rise has brought her into conflict with the independence-era war veterans, who once enjoyed a privileged role in the ruling party under Mugabe, but who have in recent years been banished from senior government and party roles. Decades ago, Zimbabwe had one of Africa s promising economies due in part to its agricultural exports. The country is currently struggling to pay for imports due to a dollar crunch, which is also sparking rampant inflation only 10 years after it suffered a financial implosion caused when the central bank began to print money. Martin Rupiya, an expert on Zimbabwe military affairs at the University of South Africa in Pretoria, said the army appeared to be putting the squeeze on Mugabe.  There s a rupture between the executive and the armed forces,  Rupiya said. Alex Magaisa, a British-based Zimbabwean academic said it was premature to talk about a coup.   A military coup is the nuclear option. A coup would be a very hard sell at home and in the international community. They will want to avoid that,  Magaisa said. ",1
14809,Soldiers take over Zimbabwe state broadcaster: ZBC staff,"HARARE (Reuters) - Soldiers took over the headquarters of Zimbabwe s ZBC state broadcaster in the early hours of Wednesday, two members of staff and a human rights worker said, compounding speculation of a coup against 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Some ZBC members of staff were manhandled when soldiers occupied the premises, the sources said. However, staff were told they  should not worry  as the soldiers were merely there to protect the site, one source added. ",1
14810,Explosions rock Zimbabwe capital as coup speculation intensifies,"HARARE (Reuters) - Several loud explosions echoed across central Harare in the early hours of Wednesday after troops deployed on the streets of the capital and seized the state broadcaster, prompting speculation of a coup, a Reuters witness said. The reason for the blasts was not immediately apparent. ",1
14811,"Iran quake survivors complain of slow aid effort, battle freezing cold","ANKARA (Reuters) - Exhausted and exposed to freezing cold, survivors of a weekend earthquake in western Iran begged authorities for food and shelter on Tuesday, saying aid was slow to reach them. Iranian officials called off rescue operations earlier in  the day on the grounds that there was little chance of finding more survivors from the quake, which killed at least 530 people and injured thousands of others. It was Iran s deadliest earthquake in more than a decade.  Survivors, many left homeless by Sunday s 7.3 magnitude quake that struck villages and towns in Kermansheh province along the mountainous border with Iraq, struggled through another bleak day on Tuesday in need of food, water and shelter. Iran has so far declined offers of foreign assistance to deal with the aftermath of the tremor, which officials said damaged 30,000 homes and completely destroyed two villages.  The U.S. government expressed condolences to the Iranian people despite President Donald Trump s  aggressive  policy towards the Islamic Republic, Iranian state media reported.   We are hungry. We are cold. We are homeless. We are alone in this world,  a weeping Maryam Ahang, who lost 10 members of her family in the hardest hit town of Sarpol-e Zahab, told Reuters by telephone.  My home is now a pile of mud and broken tiles. I slept in the park last night. It is cold and I am scared.   Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei urged state agencies on Tuesday to speed up aid efforts. President Hassan Rouhani paid a visit to the stricken region, promising to resolve  the problems in the shortest time .  Thousands of people huddled in makeshift camps while many others chose to spend another cold night in the open because they feared more tremors after some 230 aftershocks.    In some areas, no building was left standing and those that were had been deserted for fear they could come crashing down at any moment. Houses in impoverished Iranian villages are often made of concrete blocks or mudbrick that can quickly crumble and collapse in a strong quake.  State television aired footage of weeping villagers carrying away bodies wrapped in bloodied blankets and bed sheets and scrabbling with their bare hands through rubble in search of friends and relatives.  It was my cousin s birthday ... All the relatives were there ... like 50 people. But now almost all are dead,  Reza, who refused to give his full name, told Reuters from Sarpol-e Zahab town. He lost 34 members of his family on Sunday.    We spent two nights in the cold. Where is the aid?   On the Iraq side of the frontier, nine people were killed and over 550 injured, all in the northern Kurdish provinces. Television showed rescue workers combing through the rubble of dozens of villages immediately after the quake. But by Tuesday morning Iranian officials said there was no longer any likelihood of finding survivors and called off the search.  Hospitals in nearby provinces took in many of the injured, state television said, airing footage of survivors waiting to be treated. Hundreds of critically injured were dispatched to hospitals in Tehran.   Iran s Red Crescent said emergency shelter had been provided for thousands of homeless people but a lack of electricity and water, as well as blocked roads, hindered aid supply efforts.  People in some villages are still in dire need of food, water and shelter,  said Faramraz Akbari, governor of Qasr-e Shirin county in Kermanshah province.  State TV showed dozens of green and white tents dotting Sarpol-e Zahab, many containing two or three families. Groups clustered around bonfires trying to warm themselves.  It is cold. My children are freezing. We have water and food but no tent. The quake did not kill us but the cold weather will kill us,  a woman in her 30s said.   The mayor of the city of Ezgeleh said 80 percent of its buildings had collapsed. Survivors desperately needed tents with elderly people and babies as young as a one-year-old sleeping in the cold for two straight nights.  People are hungry and thirsty,  a local man told ISNA news agency.  There is no electricity. Last night I cried when I saw children with no food or shelter.   Some people were angry that among the collapsed buildings were homes built under an affordable housing scheme initiated in 2011 by then-President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.   The people should build their own houses. They build better houses than those built under projects and schemes,  Rouhani said in Kermanshah, state TV reported.  I promise you, those responsible will be punished.  Iran is crisscrossed by major geological fault lines and has suffered several devastating earthquakes in recent years, including a 6.6 quake in 2003 that reduced the historic southeastern city of Bam to dust and killed some 31,000 people. ",1
14812,"After U.S. visit, South Sudan's Kiir orders unhindered aid access","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - South Sudan s President Salva Kiir has ordered that humanitarian aid convoys be allowed to move freely, unhindered and unimpeded around the country, two weeks after the United States said it had lost trust in his government and threatened to pull support. The Nov. 9 order, seen by Reuters, directs that all roadblocks should be removed, all levels of government must assist aid groups, and anyone who obstructs aid or imposes taxes on aid convoys shall be held accountable.  The move came two weeks after U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley met with Kiir in Juba. She was the first member of President Donald Trump s cabinet to visit South Sudan, which spiraled into civil war in late 2013, two years after gaining independence from Sudan. Haley said Washington had lost trust in Kiir s government for fueling the civil war, and demanded that Kiir allow full and consistent humanitarian aid access.  This is a good sign, but we must see actions - more than words from President Kiir,  Haley said in a statement on Tuesday, referring to the Nov. 9 presidential order.  The true test will be whether humanitarian assistance is actually allowed to get to the South Sudanese people in a consistent way. We will be watching, and we will continue to encourage President Kiir to do the right thing,  she said. Haley s office said Kiir had yet to deliver on further commitments made during a 45-minute, one-on-one meeting with Haley in Juba.    The war in South Sudan, sparked by a feud between Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar, has plunged parts of the world s youngest nation into famine. Some 4 million people have fled their homes, a third of the country s population. U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for South Sudan, Alain Noudehou, welcomed Kiir s Nov. 9 order.   We hope that the order will have a positive impact in reducing the many constraints faced by humanitarian partners that delay or prevent the provision of urgently needed help,  Noudehou said in a statement on Monday. This was not the first time Kiir has pledged to improve the humanitarian aid situation.  When U.N. Security Council ambassadors visited in September 2016, Kiir agreed to eliminate illegal checkpoints and streamline bureaucratic processes and access to people in need. The following month he set up a high-level humanitarian oversight committee to improve cooperation with aid groups. Yet U.N. sanctions monitors, in a report to the U.N. Security Council seen by Reuters last week, have accused Kiir s government of using food as a weapon of war to target civilians by blocking life-saving aid in some areas. They found that armed forces, groups and militias - particularly those affiliated with Kiir and Vice President Taban Deng Gai - continued to  actively impede both humanitarian and peacekeeping operations.  In his Nov. 9 order, Kiir directed the high-level humanitarian oversight committee ensure the aid convoys and groups can move freely and that state-level oversight committees be created. ",1
14813,"Volkswagen says offices of CFO, HR chief, chairman raided by tax authorities and prosecutors","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Prosecutors and tax authorities on Tuesday raided the offices of several senior officials of Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), the German car-maker said. Investigators searched the offices of supervisory board chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch, finance chief Frank Witter, and human resources head Karlheinz Blessing, a Volkswagen spokesman said. Files and computers were seized. The raid was related to suspicions of overpayments for works council chief Bernd Osterloh, the spokesman said. Osterloh s office was also searched.  Neither the works council nor the prosecutor in Braunschweig were immediately available for comment. A person with knowledge of the matter said the tax authorities were acting on suspicion of tax evasion. That is because over-remuneration could result in overly high operating expenses and the payment of too little tax. It was revealed earlier that German prosecutors were investigating current and former executives at Volkswagen on suspicion that they paid works council chief Bernd Osterloh an excessive salary.  In Germany, wasting corporate funds is legally a breach of fiduciary duty. ",1
14814,U.S. government shares technical details on North Korean hacking campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Tuesday issued a technical alert about cyber attacks it said are sponsored by the North Korean government that have targeted the aerospace, telecommunications and financial industries since 2016. The alert, from the FBI and Department of Homeland Security, said North Korean hackers were using a type of malware known as  FALLCHILL  to gain entry to computer systems and compromise network systems.  The FBI and DHS had issued a warning in June that squarely blamed the North Korean government for a raft of cyber attacks stretching back to 2009 targeting media, aerospace and financial sectors, as well as critical infrastructure, in the United States and globally. Tuesday s alert included the publication of IP addresses   the FBI said were linked to the hacking campaign and was intended to help private industry guard against the attacks. The FALLCHILL malware was described as providing hackers with wide latitude to monitor and disrupt infected systems. The malware typically gained access to systems as a file sent via other North Korean malware or when users unknowingly downloaded it by visiting sites compromised by the hackers. The new alert coincides with increasing tensions between Washington and Pyongyang over North Korea s missile tests. The previous warning, in June, said that North Korea would continue to rely on cyber operations to advance its military and strategic objectives. North Korea has routinely denied involvement in cyber attacks against other countries. ",1
14815,"Soldiers, APCs seen on major road on outskirts of Zimbabwe capital: Reuters witness","HARARE (Reuters) - Two armoured personnel carriers were positioned on the outskirts of Zimbabwe s capital late on Tuesday and soldiers were directing traffic, a Reuters witness said, a day after the head of the army threatened to intervene in politics. The soldiers deployed on Harare Drive, a major thoroughfare, ordered passing cars to keep their windows up and not ask questions.  Don t try anything funny, just go,  one soldier said to a Reuters reporter. ",1
14816,"German parties want lobbyist registry, may mandate hack reports","BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties exploring a coalition government agreed on Tuesday to set up a mandatory registry of lobbyists and may require private firms to disclose breaches of cyber defenses, according to a draft paper on security seen by Reuters. The 3-page document, a blueprint for a new German government s stance on security, showed growing consensus on some issues among Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmental Greens. But several issues remained unresolved, including the number of police jobs to be added, rules on storage of private data, and the future of a controversial hate speech law. Merkel is pressing party leaders to resolve their differences by Thursday, with an eye to completing a detailed coalition agreement by Christmas. Party negotiators made progress on boosting aid to families with children on Tuesday, but remained at odds over transport and climate and put off discussing immigration until Wednesday. Top party leaders will likely have to tackle the most difficult issues on Thursday, sources said. Transportation Minister Alexander Dobrindt, a member of the CSU Bavarian sister party to Merkel s conservatives, said negotiators had been unable to bridge gaps on transportation issues despite four hours of intense discussions.  The Greens have a package of demands on the table that cannot be fulfilled,  he told reporters, citing a push by the Greens for higher taxes on diesel. He said his party would not agree to measures that would limit individual mobility or that could jeopardize the German auto industry. Negotiators did agree to create a mandatory registry of individuals lobbying government and parliament on behalf of interest groups to ensure greater transparency. They also said government agencies should be required to report cyber security gaps that affected relevant systems or a large number of people to the BSI federal cyber security agency.  The parties said they also planned to address dangers posed by cyber breaches of private companies.  This could include a reporting requirement,  the paper said, without elaborating. The paper showed the parties had agreed to create 2,000 new jobs in the federal and state justice systems, and pledged to add jobs federal law enforcement as quickly as possible. But they remained at odds about the exact number of jobs. The parties also agreed to expand control of the intelligence agencies via a special parliamentary board, according to the paper. It said the intelligence agencies and the federal government should be required to keep parliament informed about their work. The parties also agreed to dodge a dispute over the future of the European Stability Mechanism and would not include that specific issue in a paper outlining the parties  stance on Europe, negotiators said. ",1
14817,Trump heads home with 'America First' ringing in Asian ears,"MANILA (Reuters) - As Air Force One took off from Manila on Tuesday at the end of the longest trip to Asia by an American president in more than quarter of a century, at least two of the region s leaders had good reason to feel satisfied. At a summit in the Philippines, Donald Trump forged a  great relationship  with President Rodrigo Duterte, who only a year ago had cursed  son of a bitch  Barack Obama for decrying his administration s bloody war on drug pushers and addicts. And Trump flashed a thumbs-up as he shook hands with Cambodia s authoritarian prime minister, Hun Sen, who praised the U.S. president as a kindred spirit for telling countries to put their own interests first.  You are a great man to me,  Hun Sen said, addressing Trump at a meeting with other Southeast Asian leaders, and then referenced Trump s  America First  policy.  I would like to inform you that if you follow your new policy in respect of the independence and sovereignty of other countries, the United States will have a lot of friends and you will be much respected and loved.  For other leaders across Asia, however, Trump s go-it-alone instincts must have represented a puzzling departure from his predecessors, who were - to varying degrees - standard bearers of multilateralism, democracy and human rights. During a tour that took him to Japan, South Korea, China and Vietnam and the Philippines capital, Trump called for joint efforts to tighten the screws on North Korea and its development of nuclear weapons in defiance of U.N. sanctions. But at an Asia-Pacific summit in Vietnam, he declared that redressing the uneven balance of trade between Asia and the United States was at the center of his  America First  policy, which he says will protect U.S. workers.  Trump s vision has up-ended a consensus favoring multinational trade pacts whose regional champion is now China. On the sidelines of the Vietnam meeting, 11 countries kept alive a Trans Pacific trade deal that Trump walked away from last year in the name of protecting American jobs. One cabinet member from a major ASEAN country told Reuters there was little enthusiasm in the region for Trump s bilateral approach to deals.  As Singapore Prime Minister Lee pointed out, the reason bilateral trade deals are so attractive for the USA, is precisely why no one will want to enter into one with the USA: because the USA could bully anyone on a bilateral basis,  said the Cabinet member who did not want to be named.  Why would anyone sign up for that?  Trump told reporters before leaving that he had sealed deals of  at least $300 billion, possibly triple that figure . U.S. businesses signed around $250 billion dollars worth of deals during Trump s Beijing visit, but many of those were nonbinding. Missing was any agreement on market access or reduction in technology-sharing agreements that American businesses have long complained about. For Trump, dogged at home by low public approval ratings and investigations into Russian links to his election campaign, the deals will be an important prize to flaunt on his return.  The multi-billion-dollar deals he struck in Beijing may not help the U.S. trade deficit,  said a former Japanese diplomat in Tokyo, who declined to be named.  But optically ... he can tell people that because he went to China with business leaders, he was able to come back with a gift.  Although there were few weighty deliverables from Trump s tour, for Asian nations looking nervously at China s increasing assertiveness, it may be welcomed as a sign that his administration is still committed to the region.  What regional countries wanted was for him to simply show up   to underscore that America remained at least notionally committed to Asia,  said Shahriman Lockman, a senior analyst at the Institute of Strategic & International Studies in Malaysia. A senior official in South Korean President Moon Jae-in s administration said Seoul had been worried he  would come to South Korea and engage in unexpected behavior and language, but it turned out Trump was quite considerate.      South Korea was able to rest assured regarding its partnership with the United States,  the official said. He also got good reviews at the start of his Asia tour in Japan, which has been currying favor with Trump since right after his election when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe jetted off to Trump Tower with an expensive golf club as a present.   The most important deliverable is that we can send an almost identical message to the world that we share an identical strategy, a Japanese government official said.  For Asian leaders, Trump s off-the-cuff style, freewheeling tweets, and rhetorical hyperbole, must have been daunting. But one thing they seemed to learn was that he responds well to a lavish reception.  They say in the history of people coming to China there has been nothing like that, and I believe it,  Trump told reporters after his visit to Beijing, where President Xi Jinping extended him the honor of a personal tour of the Forbidden City. One measure of the Asian trip s success, he said, was the  red carpet, like I think probably nobody has ever received.  Diplomats say the bonhomie in Beijing probably stemmed in large part from Washington s expectations Xi will lean more heavily on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Trump s pronouncements on North Korea during the trip swung from embracing diplomacy to warnings of military intervention. Do not underestimate us. And do not try us,  he said in a speech to South Korea s National Assembly.  Days later, after Pyongyang dismissed the speech as  reckless remarks by an old lunatic,  Trump tweeted:  Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me  old,  when I would NEVER call him  short and fat? . And then he tacked back toward diplomacy. Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!  David Pressman, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President Obama, said Trump arrived in Asia without a North Korea strategy and left without one.  Short and fat is not a nuclear strategy,  he said, adding that Washington s approach to North Korea was fed by  whim, ego, and theatrical calculations of a fickle and uninformed president.       ",1
14818,Kenya court throws out opposition coalition from election challenges,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the participation of the main opposition coalition in petitions challenging President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory in last month s presidential election, in what may be the last chance for legal scrutiny of the vote. The ruling, on the first day of the court s review of the petitions, is a setback for opposition leader Raila Odinga s NASA coalition, which hopes to overturn President Uhuru Kenyatta s victory in the Oct. 26 poll. The court has until Nov. 20 to rule on the petitions, the latest chapter in a protracted political crisis that has stirred fears for the stability of the east African nation, a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security. If the election result is upheld, Kenyatta will be sworn in on Nov. 28. Delivering rulings on preliminary issues, the court upheld an objection by Kenyatta s lawyers to the participation of the NASA coalition.  NASA cannot be sustained as a respondent in this matter,  Justice Jackton Ojwang said while reading a unanimous decision, promising to give the court s reasons at a later date. The two petitions by a former lawmaker and two human rights activists argue the poll s outcome is void because the election board did not hold fresh nominations after an earlier, Aug. 8 poll was invalidated, among other reasons.  The court also struck out leaked internal memos of the election board that the petitioners sought to rely on in their case. The court will deliver a ruling on the petitioners  application for scrutiny of the election returns on Wednesday. Security was tight outside the courtroom, which has been center stage for Kenyan politics since it nullified the results of August s presidential election. That decision led to the re-run election on Oct. 26. The court has not convened since the day before last month s election, when it had been due to deliberate on a last-minute request to delay the vote. But that hearing was canceled because not enough judges showed up to make a quorum. The judges had demanded more security after the bodyguard of the deputy chief justice was shot the day before the hearing and said they would refuse to attend hearings without it, a judicial source said. The government turned them down, the source said [L8N1N64ON].  The chief justice later denied the Reuters report on the security issue and said the police had  enhanced  the judges  security [L4N1N83RU].    All six judges expected to be present showed up for Tuesday s meeting. The seven-member bench is still missing one of its judges, who fell ill during the hearings related to the August election and has since been receiving treatment.  Kenyatta came to power in 2013 and won a second and final term in August, defeating opposition leader Odinga by 1.4 million votes.  Odinga did not contest the repeat vote on Oct. 26, saying it would be unfair because the election commission had failed to implement reforms. Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote, though opposition supporters staged a boycott and prevented polls from opening in the west of the country. The week before the vote, the head of the commission said he could not guarantee the vote would be free and fair, citing interference from politicians and threats of violence against his colleagues. Kenya s prolonged election season has disrupted its economy. Human rights groups say at least 66 people have died in bloodshed surrounding the two elections. The Supreme Court was created by a 2010 constitution that followed a violent political crisis three years earlier. Around 1,200 people were killed in ethnic clashes after a disputed election in 2007. ",1
14819,Ukraine prosecutor says puzzled by lack of U.S. help on Manafort case,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine is puzzled by the lack of a U.S. response to requests it has made to question former Donald Trump campaign chief Paul Manafort as a witness over two cases involving misuse of Ukrainian state funds, the chief investigator said. Manafort was indicted last month in Washington on charges he denies ranging from money laundering to acting as unregistered agent of former pro-Kremlin president Viktor Yanukovich s Party of Regions. The charges, some going back more than a decade, mention neither Trump nor his campaign. Serhii Horbatiuk, head of special investigations at the general prosecutor s office, told Reuters Ukraine had sent requests in 2014 and 2015 to question representatives of a law firm and Manafort. He said Ukraine had received reassurances from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) that the requests would be met, but without result.    Of course it s not normal,  Horbatiuk said in an interview at his office.  I would not say that we are upset, I would not say officially that we are upset, but it s not clear why it is so,  he said.  Even the results they have got so far, we could have got them back in 2015 or 2016 with their help. But during these years there was no cooperation for unknown reasons.  In Washington, the FBI and the Department did not immediately respond to requests from Reuters for comment. Horbatiuk is investigating two cases.  One relates to the suspected illegal use of Ukrainian state funds by justice ministry officials to pay a U.S. law firm for a report used to justify the imprisonment of former prime minister and political rival Yulia Tymoshenko during Yanukovich s rule. The second relates to a so-called  Black Ledger  discovered after Yanukovich s 2014 ouster by street protests, a book supposedly listing payments from a slush fund by Yanukovich s Party of Regions to their associates, including Manafort. Yanukovich denies corruption accusations.  Manafort denies all wrongdoing and in Ukraine he is at this stage only wanted as a witness.  Horbatiuk said he had not been contacted for assistance by the team of Special Council Robert Mueller, who indicted Manafort during an investigation into alleged Russian efforts to swing the 2016 presidential election in Trump s favor.  Manafort s attorney says his work for the Ukrainians ended in 2014, two years before he joined the Trump campaign. But the indictment sheds new light on the Ukrainian cases: the allegation that Manafort used offshore accounts to funnel $4 million to pay for the Tymoshenko report was news to Horbatiuk s team, who thought the report had cost around $1 million. He will submit a new request for help to the U.S. within weeks.  It is important to combine our investigations so that we can obtain information to determine the origin of this money ($4 million),  he said.   And the general information allows us to say that the investigation could be promising provided that the law enforcement agencies of the United States and Ukraine cooperate in what we are interested in.      Manafort joined the Trump presidential campaign in March 2016 and later became campaign manager, but he was forced to resign in August as questions emerged about his previous work for Yanukovich s party.",1
14820,Russia's Defense Ministry to investigate wrong photos used on Syria statement,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia s Defense Ministry said on Tuesday an employee had attached the wrong photos to a statement accusing the United States of providing de-facto air cover for Islamic State in Syria after the mistake was spotted online. The ministry said it would investigate the incident, which it said was caused by a civilian employee, but did not say how or why the pictures used were incorrect.  However, the U.S. command s refusal to carry out strikes on the convoys of ISIL terrorists retreating from Albu Kamal on November 9 is an objective fact reflected in the transcripts of the talks and therefore, fully known to the U.S. side,  Interfax news agency quoted the ministry as saying on Tuesday. Earlier on Tuesday, the ministry posted a statement on its Facebook page saying the U.S. air force had tried to hinder Russian strikes on Islamic State militants, accompanied by satellite photographs it said showed a vehicle convoy of Islamic State militants leaving the Syrian town of Albu Kamal on Nov. 9 2017. At least one of the photographs exactly matched a frame from a promotional video for a  AC-130 Gunship Simulator  computer game posted online in March 2015. Reuters was unable to reach the game s Argentinian developed, Byte Conveyor Studios, for comment. Asked about Russian allegations of the U.S. helping Islamic State around Albu Kamal, Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, said:  The Russian ministry of defense statements are about as accurate as their air campaign and I think that is a reason for them to start, you know, coming out with their latest barrage of lies.   I certainly can t verify, but I ve seen the report that one of the pictures came from a video game. So, again that is pretty consistent with what we have seen come out of Russian MoD, as being baseless, inaccurate and you know, completely false,  he told a briefing with Pentagon reporters on Tuesday. ",1
14821,More than 60 killed in air strike on Syrian market town,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The death toll from air strikes on a Syrian town in a  de-escalation zone  has risen to 61, a war monitor said on Tuesday, a demonstration of the fragile state of areas set up in attempt to ease the violence. Jihadist rebels blamed Russian warplanes of carrying out Monday s attack and said they would fight back against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s forces and his Russian and Iranian  backers in the six-year-old conflict. The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said three air strikes hit the market in Atareb, west of Aleppo,  and killed at least 61 people. Atareb is inside what is known as a de-escalation zone under an agreement between Turkey, Russia and Iran to reduce the bloodshed. But despite the diplomatic efforts, fighting continues in many areas, including Aleppo, Idlib, Raqqa, Deir al-Zor and Hama.  (The zones) did de-escalate fighting,  U.N. humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland told Reuters. But lately,  there has been increased fighting also.  The zones were set up under the Astana process, a series of talks in the capital of Kazakhstan between Russia and Iran, and the rebels  supporter Turkey. They agreed in September to deploy observers on the edge of a de-escalation zone in Syria s Idlib province, which is largely under the control of Islamist insurgents. Following the air strikes, the Tahrir al-Sham jihadist alliance denounced the ceasefire talks and pledged to keep fighting government forces and their Russian and Iranian allies.  This aggression and crimes confirms for us that there is no solution with the colonizers without fighting and struggling,  it said. Tahrir al-Sham includes the group formerly known as the Nusra Front, which changed its name last year when it broke formal ties to al Qaeda. ",1
14822,"Spreading housing shortage hits over 850,000 people in Germany: report","BERLIN (Reuters) - A housing crisis is spreading in Germany, the Federal Homelessness Association said on Tuesday, forecasting that 1.2 million people could be living in shelters by 2018. The report came amid heightened concern about Germany s rising poverty rate and ability to integrate 1.1 million migrants that have arrived over the past two years, drawn by the country s reputation for affluence, efficiency and stability. The homelessness association said that more than 850,000 people lacked their own accommodation in 2016, up 150 percent from 2014, and half of those affected were migrants.  A total of 52,000 people were living on the streets in 2016, up a third from 2014, the group said in its report. It added that the number of those living in shelters would likely rise by another 40 percent by 2018, driven higher by rising rents, decreasing availability of subsidized housing, and the growing numbers of refugees granted asylum status and therefore entitled to housing. The homelessness association said immigration was a factor behind the rising rate of housing shortage, but also blamed what it called  failed  housing policies.  The main cause of housing shortages and homelessness is a housing policy that has failed in Germany for decades, as well as insufficient efforts to fight poverty,  Thomas Specht, director of the association, said in a statement. Almost 20 percent of Germany s population, or 16 million people, were at risk of poverty in 2016, the Federal Statistics Office reported last week. Germany s Labour and Social Affairs Ministry defended its handling of refugee housing needs, noting that finding individual housing around the country remained a challenge.   It should not be forgotten that the swift accommodation of hundreds of thousands of refugees in adequate collective housing in 2015 and 2016 was an extraordinary achievement,  the ministry spokesman said on Tuesday. Would-be partners in a new German government coalition remain at odds over a limit on migration. ",1
14823,Scotland's Sturgeon demands changes in EU exit bill after meeting May,"LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Tuesday the UK government had to make changes to its European Union withdrawal bill before her devolved government in Edinburgh would agree to back it, but said she was hopeful progress could be made. The devolved governments in Scotland and Wales are worried that the withdrawal bill will sap their powers. They cannot veto the EU bill, but failure to win their consent would be an embarrassing setback for British Prime Minister Theresa May s government and could reignite Scottish demands for independence.  There s a long way still to go and I m very clear that bill has to change,  Sturgeon told reporters after talks with May in London that she described as  constructive and cordial .  Hopefully having had the opportunity to air the concerns we have in more details we will be able to make progress in weeks to come,  Sturgeon said.  The EU withdrawal bill seeks to convert all existing EU laws into British law to provide legal clarity after Britain leaves the bloc and lawmakers started to debate it on Tuesday in Britain s parliament. Scotland and Wales, which currently control policy areas such as health, education, transport and agriculture, say the legislation does not guarantee the status of their devolved powers after Brexit. A spokeswoman for May said that devolved powers would be enhanced after Brexit.  The prime minister reiterated that as powers are repatriated from Brussels back to Britain there will be a significant increase in the decision-making powers for the Scottish Government and other devolved administrations.  Brexit is a source of tension for the four constituent nations of the United Kingdom because Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay in the EU, while Wales and England - by far the most populous of the four - voted to leave. ",1
14824,"Venezuela says debt refinancing under way, S&P calls selective default","CARACAS/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venezuela s cash-strapped government insisted it had successfully begun efforts to refinance some $60 billion in bonds, though creditors disagreed following fruitless talks and a ratings firm declared the nation in selective default. Venezuelan bonds slid on Tuesday after S&P Global Ratings announced that Venezuela was in selective default for failing to make $200 million in overdue coupon payments on its 2019 and 2024 global issues within a 30-day grace period.  Investors, meanwhile, voiced concern after President Nicolas Maduro s negotiators met briefly with bondholders in Caracas on Monday but failed to present firm proposals to alleviate the OPEC nation s crippling foreign debt amid an unprecedented economic meltdown.  The process of refinancing Venezuela s foreign debt began with resounding success,  the socialist government said late Monday, complaining about U.S. financial sanctions and what it called unfair assessments from international ratings agencies.  The government repeated pledges to honor all its foreign debt and said Monday s talks were attended by 100 or so participants, including bondholders from Venezuela, the United States, Panama, Britain, Colombia, Chile, Japan and Argentina. However, attendees at the meeting came away confused over how Venezuela plans to avoid a default, given its parlous state finances, and how any refinancing could be worked out amid U.S. President Donald Trump s sanctions. The U.S. measures block the issuance of any new Venezuelan debt and impose sanctions on the country s chief negotiators, Vice President Tareck El Aissami and Economy Minister Simon Zerpa, on drug and corruption charges.  Venezuela has dismissed those accusations as politically motivated fabrications by Washington to tarnish the country s reputation.  The bondholder meeting in Venezuela was a non-event, lasting only 20-30 minutes with reports of only 10 non Caracas-based investors...and the only official that spoke was drug kingpin VP Tareck El Aissami  said Siobhan Morden, head of Latin American fixed-income strategy at Nomura, who did not attend. Four years of recession in the South American nation, fueled by failing socialist economics and a plunge in global oil prices, have hit Venezuelans hard. Many skip meals or suffer from malnutrition and preventable diseases, due to severe shortages of food and medicine and triple-digit inflation.   With some $9 billion in payments looming for 2018, a default would be a short-term relief for the government, enabling Maduro  to spend on desperately-needed food and medicine imports ahead of next year s presidential election.  But that strategy could also backfire if it sparks aggressive legal challenges from abroad, including moves to seize assets of state oil company PDVSA, [PDVSA.UL] which is the cash-cow for Venezuela s socialist system.  Despite concern that U.S. sanctions could prevent Venezuela hiring advisors, the government has appointed lawyer David Syed - a former partner at Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe - to advise it, working alongside a team at global law firm Dentons, according to IFR, a Thomson Reuters news service.  On another flank of the country s creditworthiness, a committee of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) is looking into whether PDVSA triggered a credit event through late payment of its 2017N bond this month. The group said it would reconvene on Thursday to continue discussions of whether or not PDVSA was in default. ISDA also said on Tuesday it had received another request from investors as to whether Venezuela had triggered a credit event due to the late payment of the coupon on its sovereign bonds. Bondholders had told Reuters on Monday they had not yet received payments on the 2019 and 2024 bonds but were unconcerned about the delay, which they said was partly due to increased bank vigilance following the U.S. sanctions. In its statement on Monday, S&P Global Ratings said it could raise Venezuela s ratings again if the government made payments on the overdue coupons and remained timely on other payments before the restructuring is completed. However, it said it saw a one-in-two chance that Venezuela could default again within the next three months and it listed a further four bonds with overdue coupon payments due in the coming weeks, with unpaid obligations totaling $420 million. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange said on Tuesday said it was temporarily halting trading of Venezuela s 2019 and 2024 bonds due to the  event of default  in order to make changes to the way in which the securities are traded. Fitch Ratings also downgraded PDVSA due to  payment default  on notes due on Oct. 27 and Nov. 2 after  processing delays that resulted in bondholders receiving principal payments up to one week after the due date.  Venezuela s sovereign bonds, already the most distressed in the benchmark JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Plus (EMBI+) 11EMJ, have whipsawed over the past week.  The index measures the spreads of 13 Venezuelan sovereign bonds versus benchmark U.S. Treasuries.  Last week, as the Caracas talks loomed, investors bought Venezuela s bonds on speculation there might be progress in finding a solution, driving a 1,095 basis-point narrowing in spreads from Nov. 7 through Monday.  However, on Tuesday, spreads ballooned by 714 basis points as investors dumped Venezuelan bonds. (For a graphic on 'Venezuela's economy' click tmsnrt.rs/2pPJdRb) ",1
14825,Venezuela making interest payments on foreign debt: minister,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela has started making interest payments on its foreign debt, Communication Minister Jorge Rodriguez said on Tuesday, amid delays in transfers of funds for sovereign and state oil company PDVSA bonds.  Ratings agency S&P has put Venezuela in  selective default  for failing to pay $200 million in overdue coupon payments on its 2019 and 2024 bonds, and investors are seeking a default declaration on PDVSA for late debt payments. Rodriguez did not specify which payments he was referring to. ",1
14826,"EU says Hariri must return to Lebanon, warns against Saudi interference","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union on Monday urged Saad al-Hariri to return to Lebanon, calling on all political forces inside the country to focus on the domestic agenda and warning Saudi Arabia against meddling. Hariri s resignation, announced from Riyadh, and its aftermath have put Lebanon at the forefront of regional rivalry between Shi ite-led Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia Riyadh in recent days.  We appeal first of all to the political forces to focus on Lebanon and what they can deliver to their citizens, Prime Minister Hariri to return to his country and the unity government ... to focus on domestic achievements,  the bloc s top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, told reporters.      We expect no external interference in this national agenda. We believe it is essential to avoid importing into Lebanon regional conflicts,  she said after hosting a meeting of all 28 EU foreign ministers in Brussels. She praised the achievements of the Lebanese government under Hariri, who resigned saying he feared assassination.  He has criticized the Iran-backed Hezbollah, which is part of his coalition government, for sowing strife in the Arab world and said he could take his resignation back if the group agreed to stay out of regional conflicts. France s foreign minister, speaking on the sidelines of the ministerial gathering in Brussels, also called on other countries not to interfere in Lebanon.  We are preoccupied by the situation in Lebanon... we are worried about its stability, we are worried about its integrity, we are worried about non-interference,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said.   To reach a political solution in Lebanon, all political figures must have complete freedom of movement,  he told reporters when asked about Hariri. Germany s Sigmar Gabriel also said Hariri should return as his departure has shaken Lebanon.  Their Luxembourgish counterpart Jean Asselborn warned Riyadh that a meltdown in Lebanon would further destabilize the tumultuous Middle East, adding that  a hostage crisis, if that is what is happening with the Lebanese Prime Minister in Saudi Arabia, is not very good news for the region.  ",1
14827,Lebanon's Hariri shackled by bigger outside forces," BEIRUT (Reuters) - Nothing so encapsulated the political shackles in which Saad al-Hariri has operated as Lebanon s prime minister as the way he resigned in a televised statement made from Saudi Arabia.  Every major decision by the unlikely politician was determined by factors beyond his control. He entered politics after the 2005 assassination of his father and his resignation served the agenda of Riyadh.  The dependence of their leaders on powerful external patrons is nothing new in Lebanon, where regional powers from Saudi Arabia to Iran have long tussled for geopolitical advantage.  But the case of Hariri, who many Lebanese think was summoned to the Saudi capital, coerced into resigning and put under house arrest - which he has denied - underscores an instance of external pressure extreme even by Lebanon s high standards.  In an interview on Sunday, he said he will return to Lebanon in the coming days and might reconsider his resignation. Even if he does, the events of the past 10 days show how decisions taken beyond Lebanon's borders would still define his role.  His shock resignation statement on Nov. 4, which has thrust Lebanon into a new political crisis, included a laundry list of Saudi complaints about the behavior of Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah, Riyadh s main political adversaries.  Iran and Hezbollah, Hariri said, are  sowing strife  in the Arab world.  As Riyadh s ally at a time of its enemies  ascendancy, Hariri was already playing Lebanon s intricate political game from a position of weakness.  A year ago, after spending years abroad, he agreed to join a national unity government with President Michel Aoun, a former rival and Hezbollah ally, that included Hezbollah itself.  It was a compromise he said was necessary to end Lebanon s sectarian-tinged political paralysis and one that was personally difficult, as Hariri accuses Hezbollah of the assassination of his father, Rafik al-Hariri.  He seemed committed to that compromise until the moment he flew to Riyadh on Nov. 3, telling officials of discussions planned for his return the following Monday.  Saudi Arabia had previously accepted Hariri s political bargain in Lebanon. But Iran s trumpeting of its successes along with Hezbollah in the wars in Syria and Yemen at the expense of Saudi allies may have altered Riyadh s calculation.  A day after traveling to Riyadh, Hariri appeared on television reading a statement of resignation.  Hariri s career was built on the backing of Gulf states, the deployment of his family fortune - spending large amounts of it in Lebanon to finance a media network and charitable gifts to secure widespread support - and feelings of respect among many Lebanese for his late father.  In his resignation address, Saad said:  We are living in a climate similar to the atmosphere that prevailed before the assassination of Rafik al-Hariri .  In Lebanon s sectarian system, the prime minister must always be a Sunni Muslim and Rafik made his family pre-eminent among Lebanese Sunnis.  Rafik carved out a business empire in Saudi Arabia with the backing of its ruling family and returned to Lebanon to rebuild when the civil war there ended in 1990, serving twice as prime minister. The car bomb that killed Rafik gave Saad little choice but to adopt a previously unsought role as political leader.  Before being plunged into Lebanon s volatile politics, Saad had led a playboy lifestyle running his father s business. He was raised in Saudi Arabia and has Saudi nationality.  Outrage at Rafik s killing helped Hariri s movement to electoral victory five months later and he installed a political ally as prime minister, not taking the post himself until 2009.  It was the first government headed by factions opposed to the influence of Syria - and by extension Damascus  allies Iran and Hezbollah - since the 1975-90 Lebanese civil war.  That opposition came to a head in 2008 when the government tried to seize Hezbollah s telecommunications network, triggering street battles in Beirut that the heavily armed Shi ite Muslim movement won.  Qatar brokered a compromise, with Hariri becoming head of a coalition government that included Hezbollah. But Hezbollah pulled out in 2011, bringing down the administration.  As tensions rose over the war in neighboring Syria, Hariri left Lebanon, spending most of the ensuing years abroad until he returned months before joining a new government last year.  But his sway - and that of his family s regional patron Saudi Arabia - had diminished. The formation of last year s government was widely seen in Lebanon as an acknowledgement of the political dominance of Iran and Hezbollah.  Saudi Arabia s own apparent impatience with Hariri became evident in the fortunes of the family company - Saudi Oger - whose billions had underpinned their political role in Lebanon.  With a new dispensation in Riyadh under King Salman and his ambitious son Prince Mohammed, and a fall in oil prices damaging its finances, the Saudi government seemed less willing to roll out big state projects to enrich some allies.  When Hariri s first stint as premier ended in 2011, he said in a newspaper interview:  In Lebanon it s never over for anyone .  A source in his camp said a compromise to bring him back to Beirut as prime minister was still possible if Aoun distanced himself from Hezbollah s regional role.  Such a statement by Aoun might give some satisfaction to Saudi Arabia, but it would seem to leave Hariri no stronger than before.  After so public a departure, especially one delivered from abroad, his dependence on Riyadh has been made especially visible. His enemies in Lebanon even mocked his Arabic during his resignation speech as being more Saudi than Lebanese.  And the posters of him that have appeared across Beirut with the slogan  We are with you  looked less like statements of mass support than solidarity with a political hostage.  ",1
14828,Lebanese patriarch makes historic Saudi visit amid Hariri crisis,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Lebanon s Christian Maronite Patriarch began a historic visit to Saudi Arabia on Monday under heightened scrutiny amid political tensions that have thrust his country back to the forefront of the conflict between the Sunni kingdom and Shi ite rival Iran. Patriarch Beshara al-Rai heads the Maronite church, which has a presence in Lebanon, Syria and Cyprus and follows an Eastern rite of the Roman Catholic church. Maronites number about 900,000 in Lebanon, around a quarter of the population. An official visit to Saudi Arabia by such a senior non-Muslim cleric is a rare act of religious openness for the kingdom, which hosts the holiest sites in Islam and bans the practice of other religions but says it wants to open up more to the world. It is also the first trip to Riyadh by a senior Lebanese official since the start of a crisis sparked by Saad al-Hariri s resignation as Lebanese prime minister on Nov. 4 from the Saudi capital. Top Lebanese government officials and senior sources close to Hariri say Saudi Arabia coerced him into resigning and has put him under effective house arrest since he flew there more than a week ago. During his visit, Rai plans to meet Hariri as well as King Salman and his son and heir-apparent, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, both of whom he praised in an address to Lebanese living in Riyadh.    Certainly his resignation surprised the Lebanese and saddened them and created a type of deadlock,  he later told reporters between selfies with followers.  We hope that with this visit we can speak about this topic.   TOLERANCE AND CO-EXISTENCE But Rai said his visit, which was planned before the latest crisis, was not political but aimed at boosting religious tolerance and co-existence in a region torn by sectarian conflict. Hariri said in a television interview on Sunday that he was a free man and would return to Lebanon within days to affirm that he had resigned. He said Lebanon was at risk of Gulf Arab sanctions because of the Shi ite group Hezbollah s regional meddling. Asked when he expected Hariri to return to Lebanon, Rai said:  I wish tonight ... we hope as soon as possible.  Hariri s resignation and its aftermath have destabilized his country, where Sunni, Shi ite, Christian and Druze factions fought a civil war from 1975-1990, often backed by rival powers around the region. The only other visit to Saudi Arabia by a Christian patriarch took place in 1975, according to the Saudi information ministry. Rai thanked King Salman for the invitation and said he had never dreamed of visiting the kingdom, which bans all non-Muslim houses of prayer, forcing Christians there to risk arrest by praying in private homes. ",1
14829,Fears for Lebanese economy if Saudis impose Qatar-style blockade,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese politicians and bankers believe Saudi Arabia intends to do to their country what it did to Qatar - corral Arab allies into enforcing an economic blockade unless its demands are met. Unlike Qatar, the world s biggest supplier of liquefied natural gas with a population of just 300,000, Lebanon has neither the natural nor financial resources to ride it out, and people there are worried. Up to 400,000 Lebanese work in the Gulf region, and remittances flowing back into the country, estimated at between $7-8 billion a year, are a vital source of cash to keep the economy afloat and the heavily-indebted government functioning.  These are serious threats to the Lebanese economy which is already dire. If they cut the transfer of remittances, that will be a disaster,  a senior Lebanese official told Reuters. Those threats came from Lebanon s former prime minister, Saad al-Hariri, who resigned on Nov. 4 in a shock broadcast from Riyadh that Lebanese political leaders have ascribed to pressure from the Saudis. Hariri, an ally of Saudi Arabia, on Sunday warned of possible Arab sanctions and a danger to the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Lebanese living in the Gulf. And he spelled out Saudi conditions for Lebanon to avoid sanctions: Hezbollah, the Iran-backed group that is Lebanon s main political power and part of the ruling coalition, must stop meddling in regional conflicts, particularly Yemen. According to a Lebanese source familiar with Saudi thinking, Hariri s interview  gave an indication of what might be waiting for us if a real compromise is not reached. The playbook is there in Qatar.  Hariri s resignation has thrust Lebanon to the center of an escalating rivalry between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran.  The non-confrontational Saudi policy of the past towards Lebanon has gone, analysts say, under the new leadership of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, 32-year-old son of King Salman. He is now the de facto ruler of the kingdom, running its military, political and economic affairs. Whether Iran and Hezbollah are willing to make significant concessions to Riyadh is doubtful, sources said.  They (Hezbollah) might make some cosmetic concessions, but they won t submit to the Saudi conditions,  a source familiar with Hezbollah thinking said. Lebanese analyst Sarkis Naoum said Riyadh wanted Hariri to return to Lebanon and press President Michel Aoun to open dialogue and address their conditions on Hezbollah s regional interventions.  They need to come up with a position that will be satisfactory to the Saudis ... If the Saudis decide on sanctions they will do it,  Naoum said. A source close to Hariri said he had  put the ball in the court of Aoun, Hezbollah and its allies, by saying  business cannot continue as usual.   There was no sugar-coating. The sanctions were spelled out clearly. They want Lebanon to be disassociated from Hezbollah . Aoun has welcomed comments that the former premier planned to return home soon, palace sources said on Monday. Saudi frustration with Lebanon seems to have boiled over after a string of setbacks to its foreign policy. Riyadh has been bogged down in the war it launched against Iran-allied Houthi rebels in Yemen in 2015. Saudi Arabia has accused Iran and Hezbollah of backing the Houthis, and also said Hezbollah had a role in firing a ballistic missile from Yemen towards Riyadh earlier this month. Hezbollah and Iran s involvement in Syria has also transformed the war in favor of President Bashar al-Assad, while Saudi support for Sunni rebels in Syria s civil war have amounted to little. Hezbollah, a movement with a heavily armed fighting force in addition to seats in parliament and government, is Iran s spearhead in the region. Tehran s Revolutionary Guard looks to be trying to replicate it by building coalitions of militia groups in Iraq and Syria, according to some analysts. The list of potential sanctions against Lebanon, political sources there say, could include a ban on flights, visas, exports and transfer of remittances. Some of those have been imposed on Qatar, but that blockade, initiated in June, has had limited effect on the emirate so far, beyond driving it closer to Iran. Allegiance to foreign backers is not new to Lebanon. Sunnis have always looked to Saudi Arabia for support and funding while Shi ite Lebanese tended to turn to Tehran and Hezbollah.  The Lebanese have always been agents of foreign powers. They take their money, make promises, commitments and alliances,  Naoum said. But while Hezbollah fulfilled its promises to Iran, Sunni factions let Riyadh down, he said. Thanks in part to Iranian investment in the group, Hezbollah now calls the shots in the Lebanese capital as well as playing a pivotal role in Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East. Riyadh has historically channeled billions of dollars to Lebanon to help its reconstruction after the 1975-90 civil war and following massive Israeli incursions of south Lebanon. Now it appears ready to do serious economic damage to Lebanon that could weaken Hezbollah s standing at home and in the region, should its demands not be met. The Saudi conditions are causing alarm among some Lebanese, who have long viewed Hezbollah as a  state-within-a-state . Many believe the solution is outside the control of local players.  Lebanon will pay the price,  a top Lebanese banker told Reuters.  The only pressure the Saudis have is economic ... they can put pressure by imposing sanctions that can hurt.  ",1
14830,Hariri to return to Lebanon in next two days,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri will return to Lebanon from Saudi Arabia within two days, he said on Tuesday, 10 days after his shock resignation as prime minister in a broadcast from Riyadh. His abrupt resignation on Nov. 4 sent Lebanon spinning into political crisis and back onto the front line of the Middle East power struggle between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran.  Iran s ally Hezbollah holds major sway in Lebanese politics. It has long been a foe of Hariri but is part of the coalition government he formed last year and called for his return.  In his resignation he made bitter attacks on both Iran and Hezbollah, and top Lebanese officials and politicians close to Hariri have said Saudi Arabia coerced him to resign, dictated his statement and have held him under house arrest.  Riyadh and Hariri have both denied that. Hariri is a political ally of Riyadh and holds Saudi nationality. He cited a fear of assassination and Hezbollah s  sowing strife  in the Arab world as his reasons for stepping down.      Riyadh and Hariri both oppose Hezbollah s military role in Syria, fighting alongside President Bashar al-Assad, and what they allege is its participation in Yemen s civil war alongside the Houthi group against a Saudi-led coalition. Hezbollah denies having a role in the Yemen conflict. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Beirut to formally submit it. Analysts say when Hariri does so, members of parliament will nominate him to serve as prime minister once again, and Aoun will ask him to form a new government.  That would open the door to a long period of political talks like those which preceded the formation of the national unity government that made Hariri prime minister a year ago.  Hariri is expected to call on Aoun to convene political dialogue on key issues facing Lebanon, chiefly on reaffirming the tiny country s policy of staying out of regional conflicts and Hezbollah s role in conflicts outside Lebanon s borders, senior political sources say. Any attempt to keep Hezbollah out of the government, in line with Saudi wishes, will torpedo the talks, political sources say. Riyadh regards Hezbollah as a terrorist group.  Hariri warned on Sunday in his first interview since resigning of possible Gulf Arab sanctions against Lebanon and of the risk to the livelihoods of the 300,000-400,000 Lebanese in the Gulf. Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said in Paris on Tuesday that any punitive sanctions by Saudi Arabia on Lebanon would impact the region and Syrian refugees in the country.  Bassil is a member of President Aoun s political party. He said Hariri needed to return to Lebanon to prove he was free.  After Hariri s resignation, Saudi Arabia accused the Lebanese government of declaring war on it because of Hezbollah s pivotal role in Lebanese politics.  However, Riyadh s Western allies have struck a tone different from that of Saudi Arabia, appearing to throw their weight behind both Hariri and the Lebanese state, whose army is a major recipient of U.S. aid.  The European Union High Representative Federica Mogherini said on Tuesday after a meeting with Bassil that she expected Hariri and his family to return to Lebanon in the coming days.  On Twitter, Hariri said he was well but that his family was staying in Saudi Arabia.      Sources across Lebanon s political divide have said Hariri struck a more compromising tone in his interview than in his resignation statement, at one point holding out the possibility of rescinding his decision to quit.  They say this represents a retreat by Saudi Arabia, attributing it to Western pressure.  The Maronite Patriarch Bechara Boutros al-Rai, head of Lebanon s biggest Christian community, met Hariri and Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed in Riyadh on Tuesday. Saudi al-Arabiya television quoted him as saying he supported the reasons for Hariri s resignation. His comments reflect the views of some politicians in Lebanon s divided Maronite community but not President Aoun.  Echoing Saudi demands, MPs from Hariri s Future Movement called for a U.N. resolution from 2006 that demanded all militias in Lebanon disarm to be respected.  Hezbollah is the only Lebanese group with a militia, and says it needs weapons to secure Lebanon from Israel. Hezbollah s Lebanese opponents have long demanded it disarm. Lebanese politicians have previously held talks on Hezbollah s arsenal as part of a dialogue on a national defense strategy, but have never seriously discussed disarming it.         ",1
14831,Lebanon's Hariri must return home from Saudi to prove he is free: foreign minister,"PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri can only prove he is free by returning home from Saudi Arabia where he went to announce his resignation as prime minister, Lebanon s foreign minister said on Tuesday. Hariri s abrupt resignation on Nov. 4 threw Lebanon into crisis and put it center stage in a power struggle between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran, whose ally Hezbollah is powerful in Lebanese politics. Hariri said on Tuesday he would return to Lebanon within two days.  We hope to resolve this with the quick and immediate return of Prime Minister Hariri to his country ... where he has the right to do what he wants,  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said after meeting French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris.   The only thing that proves he is free is that he returns. Right now he is in a situation that is ambiguous and not normal. We want to return to a normal situation,  he told reporters after the talks about how to end the crisis. France is a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council and Lebanon s former colonial power. It is also penholder on Lebanon for potential resolutions. There has been some talk that Beirut could go to the U.N. if Hariri did not return this week.  The president (Michel Aoun) spoke of a timeframe of one week from when this diplomatic campaign started to try to find a solution otherwise we would have to go to international laws,   he said. French officials say there is no U.N. action in the works at the moment. Lebanese politicians and bankers say Saudi Arabia intends to do to their country what it did to Qatar - corral Arab allies into enforcing an economic blockade unless its demands are met. Bassil said any Saudi sanctions on his country would hurt Syrian refugees and destabilize the region.   Any (Saudi) measures would not only be targeting Lebanon and its stability, this would be a punishment for the region because any instability in Lebanon would cause instability in the region,  he said.  The first to be affected in this would be Syrians in Lebanon,  he said, adding that sanctions could make it harder for Lebanese population to absorb the Syrian refugees in their midst. Lebanon hosts some 1.5 million Syrian refugees that have fled the neighboring civil war.  In the first such statement by a French official, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe on Tuesday called on Hariri to return to Lebanon. Foreign minister Jean-Yves Le Drian is due in the Saudi capital Riyadh on Wednesday to discuss the crisis and is expected to meet Hariri. ",1
14832,EU Parliament names press room after murdered Maltese journalist,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Parliament named its press room in Strasbourg after Daphne Caruana Galizia, the Maltese journalist killed last month in a car bomb after years of reporting allegations of deep-rooted corruption on the island. On a day when the EU legislature debated a broadly supported resolution questioning the rule of law in Malta and demanding answers on allegations of high-level money laundering made by Caruana Galizia, the ceremony underlined the pressure the Union s smallest state has found itself under since her Oct. 16 murder. In the auditorium used for news conferences in Parliament s Strasbourg seat, the new name above the door would, Parliament President Antonio Tajani said, ensure that from now on  we will not turn our eyes away from what happened in Malta . At the Parliament s other home, in Brussels, the press room is named after Anna Politkovskaya, the Russian investigative journalist shot dead in her apartment block in Moscow in 2006 in a killing opposition leaders blamed on the Kremlin. Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat, who had sued Caruana Galizia and one of her sons for libel over allegations of graft, has vowed to track down her killers and insists that the Maltese state is fully compliant with EU standards. Peter Caruana Galizia, the dead journalist s husband, said during the naming ceremony in Strasbourg in the presence of other family members that Malta s political elite had  deep and wide  links to money laundering networks and the country had  slipped further and further away from European values . ",1
14833,Zimbabwe's ruling party says will never succumb to army threats,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party said on Tuesday it would never succumb to military pressure and described a statement by the armed forces chief that he would intervene to end a purge within the party as  treasonable conduct . In the statement, ZANU-PF said it stood by the  primacy of politics over the gun  and accused armed forces chief Constantino Chiwenga of trying to disturb the peace and stability of the impoverished southern African nation. ",1
14834,Damages for Grenfell fire victims may total just $5 million: Reuters analysis," (This Oct. 18 story corrects age in paragraph 19 to five, not six) By Tom Bergin LONDON (Reuters) - The bill for compensating families of those who died in the Grenfell Tower fire in London may be as low as 4 million pounds ($5 million), according to several lawyers and a Reuters analysis of how damages laws apply in England. The blaze engulfed a 24-storey social housing block in west London on June 14, killing an estimated 80 people in the country s deadliest fire since World War Two. While similar disasters in the United States have led to massive payouts, any compensation for Grenfell would be far lower because English laws offer less generous damages and don t allow punitive claims, even if companies are found criminally responsible, said Brett Dixon, president of the Association of Personal Injury Lawyers (APIL). The four main firms that have been linked to the Grenfell fire - U.S. companies Arconic Inc. and Whirlpool Corp. and Britain s Harley Facades and Rydon Group - declined to comment on the size or calculation of potential payouts. The Reuters calculation of a bill of 4 million pounds is based on the compensation amounts stipulated in the Fatal Accidents Act of 1976, precedents set in previous cases and the individual circumstances of the 70 victims identified so far. Three personal injury lawyers have verified the methodology used by Reuters and said the estimate for the total payout is reasonable. If the courts find there was no unlawful behavior by any of the companies or public bodies involved, victims will not be entitled to sue for compensation and would only get the financial support and temporary housing already provided by the government and public donations, personal injury lawyers said.  The British judicial system is not renowned for being generous,  said Rebecca Thomas of law firm Duncan Lewis, which is representing some victims  families.  It s not about money for the families,  said Tim Murphy, whose brother Denis, a disabled former painter who lived on the 14th floor, died in the fire.  Nothing can ease our pain, (but) I think it s quite insulting.  The U.S. legal system sees punitive damages as a way of encouraging companies to behave lawfully, but British and European governments have taken the view this approach would put excessive burdens on the judicial system, businesses, insurers and state bodies that might be liable, some legal experts say. While APIL said the Grenfell Tower disaster demonstrated the inadequacy of payouts to victims, Duncan Fairgrieve, who has advised the UK government on compensation rules, said more generous payouts could also harm society. They could drive up insurance costs for all and lead to big claims against government bodies such as the National Health Service and the police, he said.  There is an affordability issue,  said Fairgrieve, a Senior Research Fellow at the British Institute of International and Comparative Law. If the courts find someone was wrongfully killed, the claim categories are a flat 12,980 pounds per victim for bereavement, costs such as funeral bills, dependency damages where minors or dependent spouses are left behind, and property damage - all to be paid by the party found responsible. Under the 1976 law, only family members who were supported by those who died can claim dependency damages. Reuters has identified only five people who died leaving dependents who could definitely claim damages - on the basis they were financially dependent on the deceased. Daniel Machover, a lawyer at Hickman and Rose, which is representing some victims  families, also said he didn t expect there to be many claims. Most of the others who died in the fire were minors, single or elderly and did not leave family members who were financially dependent upon them. The biggest dependency payout will be for children who lost both parents, said lawyers representing some of the victims. One five-year-old girl, Tasnim Belkadi, lost her mother, father and all her siblings in the fire. Lawyers said she could get 300,000 pounds, based on a share of her parents  income and some childcare costs up to her 18th birthday. Her aunt, with whom she now lives, did not respond to requests for comment on the Reuters calculation. Grenfell plaintiffs can also claim expenses they incurred as the result of a death, such as the cost of a modest funeral. Heirs to the deceased could also claim the value of goods lost in the fire. The Association of British Insurers puts the cost of replacing the contents of an average three-bedroom home at 55,000 pounds. However, Thomas said Grenfell claims would probably be less than 30,000 pounds per property because compensation is based on the market value of personal belongings rather than replacement value, and the flats destroyed had only one or two bedrooms. Based on the victims  circumstances, Reuters has calculated the payout for dependency damages could be 1.2 million pounds, for property it could be 1.4 million and for bereavement it could come to 1.0 million. Other smaller claims for costs and loss of parental guidance take the total to 4 million pounds. Police said the fire started in a fridge freezer made by a subsidiary of U.S. company Whirlpool and have been investigating whether the tower s cladding, made by U.S. firm Arconic Inc., played a role in the spread of the blaze. Arconic said it was up to contractors to ensure its products were used correctly. Whirlpool said it was investigating the fire. Rydon Group, the contractor that oversaw the refurbishment when the new cladding was added, said it had complied with all regulations. Sub-contractor Harley Facades Ltd said it was not aware of any link between the fire and the cladding. Fears among investors that companies linked to Grenfell could be sued for large sums in the United States hit their shares. Whirlpool s market value fell about $250 million on June 23 when police identified the maker of the appliance as Hotpoint, a brand owned by Indesit, which is a subsidiary of Whirlpool based in Italy. More than $1 billion was wiped off Arconic Inc. s value after Reuters reported in June that internal emails showed it had supplied flammable cladding panels, knowing they would be used on the tower and despite warning in its brochures that only non-combustible panels should be used on tall buildings. Arconic s share price has recovered since its late June lows but it and Whirlpool s stock are below the levels they were at just before the fire, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has climbed 7 percent over the same period. Awards against companies in U.S. courts have run into the tens of millions of dollars per family in some cases. In 1980, a fire blamed in part on inadequate fire safety measures killed 85 people at the MGM Grand Hotel in Nevada and injured hundreds. The hotel operator and contractors agreed to pay victims  families and survivors more than $200 million. Foreigners have often tried to sue U.S. corporations in U.S. courts over alleged wrongdoing abroad. However, judges have consistently ruled they lacked jurisdiction in such cases, saying adequate tribunals existed in the plaintiff s own country and that it would be hard for defendants to make their case in the United States. Machover at Hickman and Rose said he was considering whether Grenfell victims could bring a U.S. case on the basis that two of the companies involved were based there. But Thomas at Duncan Lewis and Leigh Day partner Jill Paterson were skeptical that U.S. courts would agree to hear Grenfell claims given the United Kingdom offers a reasonable forum for redress and because the U.S. companies were involved through European-registered subsidiaries.  I can t see any circumstances under which they could bring this in the United States,  said Thomas. Arconic and Whirlpool declined to comment on the possibility of legal claims against them. ",1
14835,Abadi says Iraq to act soon over border areas in stand-off with Kurds,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, seeking to up the pressure in a stand-off with Iraq s Kurdish region, said on Tuesday he would act soon over border areas under Kurdish control but predicted his government s forces would regain them without violence. The central government in Baghdad has cracked down hard on the Kurds since the government of the Kurdish autonomous region staged an independence referendum on Sept. 25 that Baghdad considers illegal. The Iraqi armed forces have threatened to resume military operations against the Kurds, accusing them of delaying the handover of control of borders and taking advantage of negotiations to bolster their defenses.  We will regain control on border areas without escalation. But our patience will run out. We will not wait forever. We will take action,  Abadi said at a news conference. The independence vote defied the central government in Baghdad   which had ruled the ballot illegal   as well as neighboring Turkey and Iran which have their own Kurdish minorities. Abadi spoke a few hours after the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) announced a concession to Iraq s central government by saying it would accept a court decision prohibiting the region from seceding. The announcement marks the Kurds  latest attempt to revive negotiations with Baghdad over their region s future after the central government imposed measures in retaliation against the independence vote. Among the steps was an offensive by Iraqi government forces and the Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces that took back the oil city of Kirkuk and other disputed territories from the control from the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) last month. The KRG said on Tuesday it would respect the Nov. 6 ruling by the Supreme Federal Court, which declared that no Iraqi province could secede.  We believe that this decision must become a basis for starting an inclusive national dialogue between (Kurdish authorities in) Erbil and Baghdad to resolve all disputes,  the KRG said in a statement. Abadi had previously urged the northern semi-autonomous Kurdish region to abide by the court s decision. The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and the country s regions and provinces. Its decisions cannot be appealed, though it has no mechanism to enforce its ruling in the Kurdish region. ",1
14836,Ukraine's anti-corruption bureau launches case against sister agency,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian investigators on Tuesday said they had opened a criminal case into suspected extortion by officials at a sister anti-corruption agency, based partly on information from a whistleblower who also implicated the president s office. The National Agency on Corruption Prevention (NAZK) is a keystone of Western-backed reforms but has been criticized for making slow progress with its main task of verifying officials  wealth declarations for evidence of ill-gotten gains. NABU - a sister agency investigating high-profile corruption cases - said it opened the case against NAZK officials on suspicion they received  undue benefits in especially large amounts, combined with the extortion of such benefits.  Officials at other state bodies are also being investigated, a NABU spokeswoman said, without giving further details. While details of the case are not yet clear, the fact that a state-run anti-corruption agency is itself being investigated for corruption suggests the authorities still have progress to make in their promised drive to eliminate graft. The NABU spokeswoman said the case was opened on Nov. 10 partly due to information from the former head of NAZK s financial control department, Hanna Solomatina. Earlier on Tuesday, Solomatina said she had decided to resign and hand over evidence to NABU after realizing an online wealth declaration tool managed by NAZK was compromised.  In reality, the e-declarations system is used to cover officials loyal to the authorities ... and for the self-enrichment of the head of NAZK and NAZK members,  Solomatina said in a briefing.  NAZK is not an independent body, but is completely controlled by the authorities,  she said.  She described how she had been summoned to the administration of President Petro Poroshenko and told NAZK s decisions should first be checked with the president s office. In a statement, the presidential administration denied Solomatina s allegations.  We have no way to influence the work of NAZK,  it said. NAZK also denied Solomatina s account and said it would lodge a claim in court to refute her comments.  We stress that the widespread information of the ex-official (Solomatina), without concrete facts, is a personal attack on the chairperson, members and staff of the state agency  and an attempt to discredit successfully launched anti-corruption reforms in Ukraine,  it said. Following the ouster of a Moscow-backed president in 2014, Ukraine s new pro-Western authorities promised to root out graft and modernize the economy in exchange for billions of dollars in international funding. But Ukraine s backers have seen a failure to bring corrupt lawmakers and senior officials to justice as an indication the authorities may lack the commitment to eliminate the power of vested interests. ",1
14837,Romania expels pro-Russian Serb for photographing military radar,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania has expelled a pro-Russian Serbian nationalist and banned him from entering the NATO member for 15 years after he showed an interest in obtaining classified information on  military installations, state security said on Tuesday. Bratislav Zivkovic, 42, is a commander of Serbia s Chetnik paramilitary and went to Crimea in 2014-15 to support the Russian intervention there. He told reporters there at the time that it was only natural to want to help Russians fighting the Ukrainians.  A spokesman for Romania s SRI secret service said it had identified Zivkovic  showing interest in obtaining classified documents on critical infrastructure and national and allied military objectives located in south-east Romania with the intention of affecting our strategic partnerships.  SRI s Ovidiu Marincea said Zivkovic had been caught while taking photos of military radars on the Black sea shore and  trying to transmit their GPS coordinates.   I want to stress this Serbian citizen did not succeed in gathering any documents or classified information,  Marincea said. He poses a risk to Romania s national security, he added. Russia is Serbia s traditional ally with the two nations sharing Slav origins, the Christian Orthodox faith and having similar languages. Serbia is heavily dependent on Russia s energy and the cash-strapped government in Belgrade has turned to Kremlin to underpin its budget. The Serbian Chetniks gained notoriety in the 1990s when their units committed atrocities against non-Serbs in Croatia, Bosnia and Kosovo, a former Serbian province dominated by ethnic Albanians. ",1
14838,Duterte berates Canada's Trudeau at end of Philippines summit,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte attacked Canada s Justin Trudeau at the end of a summit of Asian and Western nations for raising questions about his war on drugs, a topic skirted by other leaders, including U.S. President Donald Trump. At the traditional news conference by the host nation at the end of the summit on Tuesday, Duterte was asked how he had responded to the Canadian prime minister raising the issue of human rights and extra-judicial killings in his anti-drugs drive.  I said I will not explain. It is a personal and official insult,  the Philippines president said in the course of a rambling answer, although he did not refer to Trudeau by name.  I only answer to the Filipino. I will not answer to any other bullshit, especially foreigners. Lay off.  Earlier in the day, Trudeau told a news conference that during his meeting with Duterte  the president was receptive to my comments and it was throughout a very cordial and positive exchange . Human rights activists had been hoping that leaders at the summit, including Trump, would raise the issue of the thousands of users and small-time pushers killed in the campaign that was launched by Duterte after he took office in mid-2016. His government says the police act in self-defense during drug-busts, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability. There was no pressure from Trump on the drugs war when he met Duterte on Monday and the U.S. president later said the two had a  great relationship . A joint statement after the meeting only said the two sides  underscored that human rights and the dignity of human life are essential, and agreed to continue mainstreaming the human rights agenda in their national programs.  Duterte cursed Trump s predecessor, Barack Obama, last year for raising concerns about the war on drugs and he subsequently declared that he was breaking ties with the United States, a close ally of the Philippines since World War Two. The relationship appears to have got back on track after the bonhomie between him and Trump. Trudeau also said that he raised the issue of the exodus of Rohingya during a meeting with Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, another sensitive topic bypassed by most other leaders, although he did not mention the Muslim minority by name.  This is a tremendous concern to Canada and to many, many countries around the world,  he said. The government in mostly-Buddhist Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and does not recognize the term. Over 600,000 Rohingya have fled to refugee camps in Bangladesh since military clearance operations were launched in response to attacks by Rohingya militants on Aug. 25.  The plight of the Rohingya has brought outrage from around the world and the United Nations has called the operations ethnic cleansing. There have been calls for democracy champion Suu Kyi to be stripped of the Nobel peace prize she won in 1991 because she has not condemned the military s actions. Some countries in the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), particularly Muslim-majority Malaysia, have voiced strong concern over the issue recently. However, in keeping with ASEAN s principle of non-interference in each others  internal affairs, it appeared to have been put aside at the summit, which brought Southeast Asian nations together with the United States, Russia, Japan, China, India, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. Duterte reported that China had agreed at the summit to work on a code of conduct in the South China Sea with ASEAN nations to ease tensions over disputed claims to the busy and resource-rich waterway. The group also signed agreements on protecting migrant labor and fighting terrorism and cybercrime. Trump skipped the plenary session of the summit because of scheduling delays, but he said his marathon trip to Asia had been a  tremendous  success. He told reporters on Air Force One that he had delivered his prepared remarks during a lunch before the summit meeting.  Trump said at least $300 billion, possibly triple that figure, of deals had been agreed in the trip. He did not elaborate.  We ve explained that the United States is open for trade but we want reciprocal, we want fair trade for the United States,  he said. Trade and concern about possible protectionism under Trump s  America First  agenda have come up during his visit to the region, which included stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam before concluding in the Philippines. After Trump left Manila, a group of Asia-Pacific nations pursuing a separate Beijing-backed trade deal that does not include the United States agreed to  intensify efforts  in 2018 to bring their negotiations to a conclusion. The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) appeared to have been given new impetus at the summit by Trump s withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement, to which China is not party. The two trade deals are not mutually exclusive. ASEAN is joined in the RCEP talks by China, India, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and South Korea. ",1
14839,Soul-searching at France's FN: far-right party polls activists,"NANTERRE, France (Reuters) - Who are you and what do you want? Seeking to rebrand itself and bounce back from electoral defeat, France s far-right National Front on Tuesday sent a questionnaire to party members asking them whether it should change its name and policies. Six months after party leader Marine Le Pen suffered a crushing defeat against centrist Emmanuel Macron in the presidential election run-off, the poll is part of the 45-year-old National Front s (FN) efforts to relaunch itself.  We need to ask ourselves why we didn t win the presidential election and how we can improve our political offer,  said FN lawmaker Sebastien Chenu.  We want to win elections, we owe it to our members.   The FN s 81,000 cardholders - which includes those up to a year late on party dues - are asked to say what type of job they have and where they get their news from. More crucially, they are asked if they want to ditch the euro and hold a referendum on France s membership of the European Union and if they think the party should focus less on immigration. Opposition to the euro and immigration have long been at the heart of the party s policies, but in the six months since her defeat, Le Pen has progressively watered down her anti-EU stance, which is unpopular and widely considered to be one of the reasons why the FN does not win major elections. Party officials will use the results of the questionnaire to help prepare a party congress to be held in mid-March. Members are also asked if they want to change the party s name. While the FN is a well-known brand throughout France, it is largely associated with Le Pen s father Jean-Marie, the party founder, who was several times convicted for incitement to racial hatred. While the FN got more votes than ever in the presidential election, the lower-than-expected second round score as well as the parliamentary election that followed were a huge disappointment for the party and its cardholders. Opinion polls over the past months have shown Le Pen s popularity has taken a hit even among party members and it is the far-left France Insoumise (France Unbowed), not the FN, that voters see as Macron s strongest opponent. Le Pen said the party needed to learn from its errors and rebrand itself. Her willingness to water down her opposition to the euro lead to the eviction of Florian Philippot, who had been her closest aide since she took over the party in 2011 and an architect of her policy plans. ",1
14840,EU support of Libyan coast guard 'inhuman': U.N. rights chief,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The European Union s support for the Libyan coast guard is leading to the arbitrary and indefinite imprisonment of migrants in  inhuman  conditions, the U.N. human rights chief said on Tuesday. The EU anti-trafficking mission Sophia has helped train Tripoli s coast guard, while Italy has supplied it with four patrol boats. Italy also has sent millions of euros and a navy repair ship to fix Libya s marine fleet. So far in 2017, the Libyans have intercepted almost 20,000 migrants at sea, according to the International Organization for Migration. After being taken from the boats, they are brought to land and put in  detention centers  that were visited by United Nations personnel.  Monitors were shocked by what they witnessed,  High Commissioner on Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein said in a statement.  They saw  thousands of emaciated and traumatized men, women and children piled on top of each other, locked up in hangars with no access to the most basic necessities, and stripped of their human dignity,  he said.  Some 20,000 people are now being held in facilities controlled by Tripoli s migration department, up from 7,000 in September, the U.N. said in a statement. While U.N. agencies and other humanitarian groups have access to them and seek to provide health care and some food, Zeid said it was not enough because  the EU and its member states have done nothing so far to reduce the level of abuses suffered by migrants .  Just a day ago, European and African ministers repeated a pledge to try to improve conditions for migrants in Libya, and on Saturday Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni hailed Italian immigration policy.  Italy is the only country in Europe with a decent migration policy,  Gentiloni said.  We re proud because we don t build walls or close ports.  But it was Italy that struck a deal with the U.N.-backed Tripoli in February, which was endorsed by the whole of the EU, aimed at blocking migrants in Libya, much as the EU deal with Turkey did last year.   That agreement, combined with the support for the Libyan coast guard, has brought migrant sea arrivals down dramatically in recent months. This year there have been 115,000 sea arrivals in Italy, down 31 percent from last year, official data from Italy s Interior Ministry show. In October alone arrivals dropped by 76 percent from a year earlier.  ",1
14841,"EU Commission defends Malta on money laundering, lawmakers skeptical","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A top European Commission official defended Malta s record on preventing money laundering in a parliamentary debate on Tuesday prompted by the murder of an investigative journalist, but a variety of EU lawmakers expressed scepticism. Commission Vice President Frans Timmermans told European Parliament lawmakers that the European Commission had carried out an analysis of Malta s compliance with anti-money laundering laws and concluded that there were  no general concerns .  He added however that  improvements could be made on various levels,  and said the commission was assessing new information provided by Malta on recent alleged cases of wrongdoing. Timmermans  assessment was however not shared by most lawmakers. Many called for closer oversight of Malta s adherence to the rule of law, a process that could lead to heavy sanctions if wrongdoing was ascertained. Esteban Gonz lez Pons, Vice-Chairman of the conservative group, the largest of the EU assembly, denounced in Malta  the harassment of journalists, the blackmailing of independent media by banks connected with money laundering, the involvement of government officials in tax evasion.  He said that police in Malta  remain silent  in the face of such activities. Other lawmakers echoed Pons s comments and raised other questions about Malta s respect for the rule of law and money laundering rules. A smaller number of parliamentarians urged caution on accusations against Malta. A resolution set to be voted on Wednesday openly questions the independence of the police on the island and raises  serious concerns about the rule of law, democracy and fundamental rights  in Malta.   The parliament s debate was triggered by the killing on Oct. 16 of Daphne Caruana Galizia, a Maltese journalist who had denounced high-profile corruption and accused Prime Minister Joseph Muscat of wrongdoing.  The Parliament named the news room in its Strasbourg building after Caruana Galizia on Tuesday.  Timmermans did not make any direct comment on the rule of law in Malta, but he called again on the Maltese authorities to bring to justice the perpetrators of Caruana Galizia s murder. He said the investigation should proceed unhampered and stressed that the Maltese authorities had committed to do all in their power to pursue the culprits. He also called on Malta to join the EU public prosecution office, a new body to prosecute crimes in the 28-country bloc, from which Malta has opted out. ",1
14842,Macron lawmakers admonished for partying in French parliament,"PARIS (Reuters) - The head of France s parliament on Tuesday admonished newcomers from President Emmanuel Macron s party for noisy partying in the assembly s bar after late-night sessions. In one such case, lawmakers from the centrist president s Republic on The Move (LREM) party improvised a party with music at the National Assembly s bar after a debate on the social security budget. The bar staff were obliged to work late until the lawmakers had left, parliamentary sources said. Macron s 313 lawmakers, many of whom are new to politics, were initially criticized after the June election for their inexperience, though this has not stopped the swift adoption of wide-ranging reforms, including security and labor laws. But the partying after late-night votes has to stop, the assembly s president Francois de Rugy told them on Tuesday, saying it was not fair on the staff who work there.  De Rugy also said lawmakers must stop brandishing objects in parliament, something its rules and regulations forbid. That remark appeared aimed at lawmakers from the far-left France Insoumise (France Unbowed), who in July piled up pasta and a pot of tomato sauce on their bench in parliament to show how much students would lose out on with a 5 euro cut in housing subsidies.  It is crucial that the presidents of (parliamentary) groups remind each and every member about the proper conduct of parliamentary proceedings and the necessary dignity of lawmakers,  de Rugy said in a statement. ",1
14843,Saudi-led coalition air raid puts Yemen's Sanaa airport out of service: agency,"Aden (Reuters) - An air raid by the Saudi-led military coalition put Yemeni airport in the Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa out of service on Tuesday, jeopardizing relief shipments to a country on the brink of famine, the state news agency SABA reported. The Saudi-led coalition fighting Yemen s Houthi movement said last week it had closed all air, land and seaports in Yemen to stem what it said was the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. Air raids destroyed radio navigation station for aircraft, civil aviation authorities told SABA, which is controlled by the Houthis. Air traffic in Sanaa s airport is currently restricted to flights carrying humanitarian aid sent by the United Nations and other international organizations. The Houthis control most of the north, including Sanaa and its international airport, while the Saudi-led coalition dominates the airspace. Any reopening would need an agreement between the two sides, which blame each other for Yemen s humanitarian disaster. The top U.N. aid official in Yemen called on the Saudi-led coalition on Tuesday to open all Yemen s sea ports urgently, saying it risked damaging the fight against cholera and hunger, with 7 million already in  famine-like conditions . Millions of lives were at risk because of the blockade, U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Yemen, Jamie McGoldrick, said to reporters in Geneva by telephone from Amman. he said. The Saudi-led coalition was not immediately available for comment. ",1
14844,Iraqi PM says 'will not wait forever' to take action on border areas,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday he would take action soon over border areas under Kurdish control, but would regain them without violence.   We will regain control on border areas without escalation. We will not wait forever, we will take action regarding the border areas,  he said at a news conference. ",1
14845,"May Brexit offer would hurt, cost EU citizens - EU parliament","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s offer of  settled status  for EU residents is flawed and will leave them with fewer rights after Brexit, the European Parliament s Brexit coordinator said on Tuesday. A family of five could face a bill of 360 pounds to acquire the new status, Guy Verhofstadt told May s Brexit Secretary David Davis in a letter seen by Reuters    a very significant amount for a family on low income . Listing three other concerns for the EU legislature, which must approve any treaty on the March 2019 exit, Verhofstadt told Davis:  Under your proposals, EU citizens will definitely notice a deterioration of their status as a result of Brexit. And the Parliament s aim all along has been that EU citizens, and UK citizens in the EU-27, should notice no difference.  Verhofstadt, a former Belgian prime minister, wrote in response to Davis, who had written to him after Parliament complained last week that there remained  major issues  to be settled on the rights of the 3 million EU citizens in Britain. On Tuesday, he told reporters that Parliament was determined that expatriates should not become  victims of Brexit . May had unveiled more details last week of a system aimed at giving people already in Britain a quick and cheap way of asserting their rights to stay there indefinitely. The issue, along with how much Britain owes and the new EU-UK border across Ireland, is one on which the EU wants an outline agreement before opening talks on the future of trade. Verhofstadt said lawmakers were not dismissing British efforts to streamline applications but saw flaws in the nature of  settled status  itself. As well as the cost, which is similar to that of acquiring a British passport, he cited three others: - Europeans should simply  declare  a whole household resident, without needing an  application  process; the burden of proof should be on the British authorities to deny them rights. - more stringent conditions on criminal records could mean some EU residents, including some now with permanent resident status, being deported for failing to gain  settled status . - EU residents would lose some rights to bring relatives to Britain as the new status would give them the same rights as British people, who now have fewer rights than EU citizens.   ",1
14846,Japan's PM says North Korea still developing missiles despite launch pause,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday said an almost two-month pause in North Korean missile tests was no indication that it had halted its weapons development, insisting it was too early for any talks with the regime.  I believe that it continues to develop its weapons,  Abe told a news conference in Manila after a series of meetings with other Asian leaders at a gathering of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) and East Asia Forum.   There is no point for talks for the sake of talks,  he said. Abe s insistence that tough sanctions, including restrictions on oil sales, are necessary to soften up the North Korean regime over the coming winter could put him at loggerheads with other countries such as South Korea that might agree to open talks if approached by the North. After firing missiles at a pace of about two or three a month since April, North Korean missile launches paused in September, after it fired a rocket that passed over Japan s northern Hokkaido island. Abe said he would work closely with other countries in the region including China and Russia to persuade North Korea to halt missile development and give up its nuclear weapon ambitions. Abe, in a meeting Chinese President Xi Jinping at an Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam on Saturday, hailed a  fresh start  to the relationship between Asia s two biggest economies and military powers, including cooperation on North Korea. Abe on Tuesday said that he wanted to deepen cultural and economic ties with China. The Japanese leader, who also called for an Indo-Pacific region that is  open and free to all  returns to Japan on Wednesday.    ",1
14847,Bosnia making military progress in NATO bid - alliance general,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia meets the military conditions needed to take the next step toward its eventual goal of NATO membership but it remains unclear whether it can satisfy the political requirements, the head of the alliance s military committee said on Tuesday. Bosnia wants to activate its Membership Action Plan (MAP), a formal step toward joining NATO, but must first complete full registration of all military assets in its two constituent, ethnically-based regions, the Bosniak-Croat Federation and the Serb Republic.     Complicating Bosnia s membership drive is the stance of the Serb Republic, which remains wary of a military alliance that bombed Serbs in Bosnia and Kosovo in 1995 and 1999. The Serb Republic has said it would hold a referendum on joining NATO. The Bosnian Serbs have opposed registering their region s military assets to the country s weak central government in Sarajevo.  However, the head of NATO s military committee praised Bosnia s progress at the military level.  Our recommendation when it comes to the level of interoperability, the level of effort your armed forces are putting into reform, will be positive,  said Petr Pavel, a Czech army general. But he stressed that the decision to give Bosnia the green light on activating MAP would be a political one. Dragan Covic, the chairman of Bosnia s tripartite presidency, has voiced optimism that NATO foreign ministers could decide to activate the country s MAP at a meeting in Brussels on Dec. 5-6. Participation in MAP is not in itself a guarantee of eventual NATO membership. Pavel said NATO had a strong interest in Balkan stability and cited various threats he said faced all of Europe, including a resurgent Russia, illegal migration and terrorism. Bosnia s inter-ethnic presidency, its central government in Sarajevo and the Bosniak-Croat Federation have long said joining NATO and the European Union are strategic priorities.  But the Bosnian Serbs lean toward closer ties with Russia, aligning their policy with that of wartime patron and ally Serbia where NATO remains hugely unpopular after its 1999 bombing campaign to drive Serbian forces out of Kosovo and after 1995 NATO air strikes against rebel Serbs in Bosnia. ",1
14848,South China Sea code of conduct talks to be 'stabilizer' for region: China premier,"MANILA (Reuters) - China s agreement to begin talks with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on the fine print of a code of conduct framework for the disputed South China Sea will help to stabilize the region, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said.  China s greatest hope is for peace and stability in the South China Sea,  Li told ASEAN leaders in Manila. The Chinese and Southeast Asian foreign ministers in August adopted a negotiating framework for a code of conduct in the South China Sea, a move they hailed as progress but seen by critics as a tactic to buy China time to consolidate its maritime power. While the South China Sea was not as dominant an issue at this summit at a time of relative calm, there was an underlying acknowledgement amongst ASEAN members that the risk of a miscalculation in the disputed waterway could flare up at anytime.       Li, addressing ASEAN leaders during a summit in the Philippines capital Manila on Monday, said there was a consensus on moving forward and to try to peacefully resolve the issue.  We hope the talks on the code of conduct will bolster mutual understanding and trust,  Li said, according to a transcript of his speech released by China s Foreign Ministry on Tuesday.  He added that he hoped this would be a  stabilizer  for the region, while pledging that China would  firmly safeguard  the freedom of navigation and overflight in the strategic waterway where $3 trillion worth of goods passes every year.  Critics, however, say the agreement to talk on the details of the code of conduct is only an incremental move, with a possible final agreement still years away.  While Li did not give a timeframe, Philippines  President Rodrigo Duterte, who was chairing the regional summit, said China was being pressed to set a specific date and that Beijing responded it would  consider really fast-tracking  the code of conduct.   China has graciously agreed to a code of conduct and it binds itself to the agreement,  Duterte said. The framework seeks to advance a 2002 Declaration of Conduct (DOC) of Parties in the South China Sea, which has mostly been ignored by claimant states, particularly China, which has built seven manmade islands in disputed waters, three of which are equipped with runways, surface-to-air missiles and radars. All parties say the framework is only an outline for how the code will be established but critics say the failure to outline as an initial objective the need to make the code legally binding and enforceable, or have a dispute resolution mechanism, raises doubts about how effective the pact will be.  Signing China up to a legally binding and enforceable code for the waterway has long been a goal for claimant members of ASEAN, some of which have sparred for years over what they see as China s disregard for their sovereign rights and its blocking of fishermen and energy exploration efforts. Malaysia, Taiwan, Brunei, Vietnam and the Philippines all claim some or all of the South China Sea and its myriad shoals, reefs and islands. China claims most of the waterway and has been aggressively building and militarizing artificial islands. China s official news agency Xinhua said in a commentary that the pact to hold consultations on the code of conduct was  a new starting point to jointly build a sea of peace, stability and prosperity . ",1
14849,Ireland says new thinking from UK needed for Brexit breakthrough,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - New thinking is needed from the British government to secure agreement on the Irish border and allow Brexit talks to move onto the next phase as the current proposals are not credible, Ireland s Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Tuesday. Brussels wants three issues broadly solved before it decides in December whether Brexit talks can move onto a second phase about trade, as Britain wants. These are Britain s exit bill, safeguarding expatriate rights, and the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure. After the latest round of negotiations ended with little obvious progress last week, Coveney said there was still a way to go on the border proposals before the negotiating teams would be able to move on to the next phase.  The current approach the British government are taking is not compatible with the solutions that we need,  Coveney told reporters.  Some of the ideas they published in their paper late in the summer hint towards finding solutions to those problems, but I don t think they are comprehensive or credible ... We need more detail and we need to see some new thinking that is flexible and recognises the unique challenges of the island of Ireland.  He was referring to proposals in August when London said there should be no infrastructure or electronic surveillance on the 500-km (300-mile) border, with smaller firms exempted from any new customs processes and  trusted trader arrangements  put in place to reduce the burden for larger companies. Coveney said Ireland did not think Britain s three aims of quitting the EU s single market and customs union, that the whole of United Kingdom leave together, and that there be no border infrastructure were compatible. The European Union agreed with Dublin s position, he said. Some 30,000 people travel across the border every day via over 400 crossings without any controls, and the issue is particularly sensitive given the decades of violence over whether Northern Ireland should be part of the UK or Ireland. Around 3,600 people were killed before a 1998 peace agreement. Dublin has said that the best way to retain the status quo is by keeping the same rules and regulations on both sides of the border.  We need a credible plan to avoid the imposition of border infrastructure in the future and we don t have it yet,  Coveney said. ",1
14850,Tillerson to press Myanmar army chief to halt violence so Rohingya can return,"YANGON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will stress the need to halt violence and stabilize Rakhine State when he meets the head of Myanmar s military on Wednesday in a bid to ease the Rohingya refugee crisis, a senior State Department official said.  More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since late August, driven out by a counter-insurgency clearance operation of Myanmar forces in Rakhine. A top U.N. official has called the operation a textbook case of  ethnic cleansing . Attending an East Asia summit in Manila on Tuesday, Tillerson met Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, whose less than two-year-old civilian administration shares power with the military and has no control over its generals. He will meet Suu Kyi again in the Myanmar capital of Naypyitaw on Wednesday, and hold separate talks with the head of the armed forces, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing. Asked what approach Tillerson would take with Myanmar s army chief, the State Department official told journalists in a briefing by teleconference that the emphasis would be on restoring peace in Rakhine.  We are focusing on trying to stabilize areas in northern Rakhine so that people can return there, stopping the violence, making sure that the military would protect all populations in that area equally and that they conduct a credible investigation that leads to accountability for people who have perpetrated abuses,  said the official, who was with Tillerson in Manila and declined to be identified. The official said the consequences for the country, also known as Burma, if it failed to respond to the crisis with accountability could be part of the conversation with the military leader.  Burma made a lot of progress and we would not want to see that progress reversed,  the official added. U.S. senators in Washington are pressing for economic sanctions and travel restrictions targeting the Myanmar military and its business interests.  The secretary will reiterate support for Burma s democratic transition and urge the Burmese government to protect the local population and allow unhindered humanitarian and media access, (and) support for a credible investigation of abuses,  the official added. Accusations of organized mass rape and other crimes against humanity were leveled at the Myanmar military on Sunday by another senior U.N. official who had toured camps in Bangladesh where Rohingya refugees have taken shelter. Mass Exodus: tmsnrt.rs/2xTAOon Pramila Patten, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general on sexual violence in conflict, said she would raise accusations against the Myanmar military with the International Criminal Court in the Hague. The military, known as the Tatmadaw, has consistently protested its innocence, and on Monday it posted the findings of an internal investigation on the Facebook page of Min Aung Hlaing. It said it had found no instances where its soldiers had shot and killed Rohingya villagers, raped women or tortured prisoners. It denied that security forces had torched Rohingya villages or used  excessive force . The military said that, while 376  terrorists  were killed, there were no deaths of innocent people. Human rights groups poured scorn on the military s investigation, branding it a  whitewash  and calling for U.N. and independent investigators to be allowed into Myanmar.  The Burmese military s absurd effort to absolve itself of mass atrocities underscores why an independent international investigation is needed to establish the facts and identify those responsible,  Brad Adams, Asia director at Human Rights Watch, said in a statement. Amnesty International also dismissed the military s internal investigation.  There is overwhelming evidence that the military has murdered and raped Rohingya and burned their villages to the ground,  the London-based rights group said. The government in mostly Buddhist Myanmar regards the Muslim Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. And Suu Kyi s failure to speak out strongly over their plight has widely damaged the Nobel Peace Prize winner s international reputation as a stateswoman. Many diplomats, however, believe Myanmar s fragile transition to democracy after 49 years of military rule would be jeopardized if she publicly criticized the armed forces.  Both parts of the government will have to work together in order to solve this problem...Trying to get two of them to work together, to try to solve the problem, is certainly going to be very important,  the U.S. official said. The U.S. official said Suu Kyi had been forthcoming in her talks with Tillerson and others during the past few days about the steps that needed to be taken to improve the situation, including plans for the voluntary repatriation of Rohingya. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau were among those she met in Manila to discuss the Rohingya crisis.  This is a tremendous concern to Canada and to many, many countries around the world,  Trudeau told a news conference. Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged up to 117 billion yen ($1 billion) of development aid to Myanmar in his meeting with Suu Kyi. While world leaders wrung their hands, thousands of Rohingya remained stranded in Myanmar, on beaches around the mouth of the Naf river, hoping to find a boat to make the short, sometimes perilous crossing to Bangladesh.  They re still coming, risking their lives, driven by fears of starvation and violence,  Shariful Azam, a police official in Bangladesh s Cox s Bazar, a narrow spit of land where the world s most urgent humanitarian crisis is unfolding.  Trail of destruction: tmsnrt.rs/2fDBxTc A desperate escape: tmsnrt.rs/2A1ATUP ",1
14851,South Sudan Supreme Court judge quits citing lack of independence,"JUBA (Reuters) - A judge of South Sudan s Supreme Court resigned on Tuesday, saying a lack of independence from the executive had turned the judiciary into a  mockery  and complaining of poor working conditions. All of South Sudan s judges went on a five-month strike in May over poor pay, raising the risk of impunity in a country already convulsed by criminality and war. South Sudan, the world s youngest country, descended into civil war in 2013 after President Salva Kiir fired his deputy, unleashing a conflict that has spawned a patchwork of armed factions.  The independence of the judiciary, in the Republic of South Sudan, has become a mockery,  Kukurlopita Marino Pitia, a Supreme Court judge, said in his resignation letter.  The war in South Sudan cannot be used as an excuse to interfere and silence and silence the judiciary,  Pitia said, adding that the judiciary was expected to protect many rights that are jeopardized by conflict. Government officials were not available immediately for  comment on his letter. The conflict in South Sudan has slashed oil revenues and paralyzed agriculture, spurring hyperinflation that has rendered many civil servants  salaries almost worthless. Arop Malueth, secretary for the steering committee for Judges and the Justice Union, told Reuters that two more judges from the lower courts had also resigned.  Many of us feel that the judiciary is not independent as it should be,  Malueth said, adding that some judges had been dismissed unconstitutionally, at the behest of the executive. EX-ARMY CHIEF Separately, the government said on Tuesday the former chief of the army, General Paul Malong, would be allowed to leave the country, six months after placing him under house arrest in the capital following a falling out with President Kiir. Kiir s spokesman Ateny Wek Ateny told UN radio in South Sudan that Malong was free to go to any country for medical treatment  on grounds of humanity . Malong led the army s war effort against rebels from 2014 but Kiir sacked him in May and placed him under house arrest. Earlier this month, Kiir sent troops to disarm Malong s bodyguards at his house in Juba, but they refused. Kiir s troops then surrounded Malong s house, sparking fears of clashes, before withdrawing a week later. Malong is under U.S. sanctions and has been accused, along with Kiir, by a U.N. panel of experts of leading troops who murdered and raped civilians during the civil war.(This version of the story was refiled to correct reporter s name in signoff) ",1
14852,"Myanmar military denies atrocities against Rohingya, replaces general","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s army released a report on Monday denying all allegations of rape and killings by security forces, having days earlier replaced the general in charge of the operation that drove more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh. No reason was given for Major General Maung Maung Soe being transferred from his post as the head of Western Command in Rakhine state, where Myanmar s military, known as the Tatmadaw, launched a sweeping counter-insurgency operation in August.  I don t know the reason why he was transferred,  Major General Aye Lwin, deputy director of the psychological warfare and public relation department at the Ministry of Defense, told Reuters.  He wasn t moved into any position at present. He has been put in reserve.  A senior U.N. official, who had toured the refugee camps in Bangladesh, on Sunday accused Myanmar s military of conducting organized mass rape and other crimes against humanity. The Myanmar military said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities. The investigators  findings were posted on the Facebook page of the military s commander-in-chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing. The developments came ahead of a visit on Wednesday by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. He is expected to deliver a stern message to Myanmar s generals, over whom national leader Aung San Suu Kyi has little control. A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, Katina Adams, said the United States was aware of reports of the general s replacement and added:  We remain gravely concerned by continuing reports of violence and human rights abuses committed by Burmese security forces and vigilantes. Those responsible for abuses must be held accountable.  Lawmakers in Washington are pressing to pass legislation imposing economic and travel sanctions targeting the military and its business interests.  In an op-ed in Britain s Guardian newspaper on Monday, Republican Representative Steve Chabot and Democratic Representative Joseph Crowley said it was time to  expeditiously  impose sanctions.  The U.S. needs to send a clear message that there is no excuse for a cruel, extensive and grossly disproportionate crackdown on civilians,  they said. The government in mostly Buddhist Myanmar, which is also known as Burma, regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Leaders of Asian nations meeting in Manila on Monday skirted around the exodus of the Rohingya, disappointing human rights groups who were hoping for a tough stand. Maung Maung Soe s transfer was ordered on Friday and Brigadier General Soe Tint Naing, formerly a director in logistics, was appointed as the new head of Western Command. Made up of three divisions, Western Command is overseen by the Bureau of Special Operations, which reports to the office of Min Aung Hlaing. A senior U.N. official, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, has described the army s actions in Rakhine as a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Myanmar says the clearance operation was necessary for national security after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts and an army base in the state on Aug. 25. The internal investigation put the number of fighters involved in the attacks at over 10,000, more than doubling an earlier official estimate. Speaking in Dhaka, Pramila Patten, the U.N. Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict, said she would raise accusations against the Myanmar military with the International Criminal Court in the Hague.  When I return to New York, I will brief and raise the issue with the prosecutor and president of the ICC whether they (Myanmar s military) can be held responsible for these atrocities,  Patten said.  Sexual violence is being commanded, orchestrated and perpetrated by the Armed Forces of Myanmar, otherwise known as the Tatmadaw,  Patten said following a three-day tour of the Rohingya refugee camps in the Cox s Bazar region of Bangladesh.  Rape is an act and a weapon of genocide,  she said. Refugees have accused Myanmar soldiers and Buddhist vigilantes of torching their villages, murdering their families and raping women. Patten said brutal acts of sexual violence had occurred in the context of collective persecution that included the killing of adults and children, torture, mutilation and the burning and looting of villages.  The forms of sexual violence we consistently heard about from survivors include gang-rape by multiple soldiers, forced public nudity and humiliation, and sexual slavery in military captivity. One survivor was in captivity for 45 days by the Myanmar army,  Patten said. The Myanmar military s internal probe said that according to 2,817 people interviewed from 54 Rohingya villages soldiers did not fire on  innocent villagers , rape or commit sexual violence against women. Nor were there any killings or beating of villagers, and the security forces did not carry out any looting or set fire to Rohingya mosques, it said.  The report also concluded that security forces only used small arms in clashes with Rohingya militants and there were no findings to suggest the use of  excessive force . It also blamed the militants for setting fire to the villages and frightening and coercing people to leave their homes. Myanmar is refusing entry to a U.N. panel that was tasked with investigating allegations of abuses after a smaller military counteroffensive launched in October 2016. The country is in the early stages of a fragile transition to democracy after being ruled by a junta for 49 years, and the generals have retained their autonomy on matters of defense, security and border issues under a 2008 constitution. Three generals are members of the cabinet. Suu Kyi has said that any alleged atrocities should be substantiated and investigated, while her government is working to stabilize Rakhine in order for the Rohingya to return. For now, though, the flow is one way. The International Rescue Committee, a New York-based aid agency, reckons that around two-thirds of an estimated 300,000 Rohingya remaining in Myanmar could head across the border in the coming months. ",1
14853,Tanzania offers reward for arrest of anti-graft official who fled,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania offered a reward of 10 million shillings ($4,500) on Tuesday for the arrest of a former chief accountant of its anti-graft watchdog, part of a new drive to root out corruption.  President John Magufuli, in office since November 2015, has launched a crackdown on high-level corruption that has already seen thousands of public officials losing their jobs. John Mbungo, deputy director general of the state-run Prevention and Combating of Corruption Bureau (PCCB), told reporters that the agency s former chief accountant, Godfrey Gugai, is on the run after his assets were frozen in May as part of a graft investigation. The frozen assets include six vehicles and 40 apartments, houses and prime plots in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam and other urban centers.  Public officials convicted of possession of unexplained wealth face a sentence of up to seven years in jail, a fine or both. Foreign investors have long complained that corruption is a big obstacle to doing business in the country. ",1
14854,Gala glitz masks Asia's tensions as Trump winds up tour,"MANILA (Reuters) - Leaders from across Asia joined U.S. President Donald Trump at an extravagant gala dinner in the Philippines  capital on Sunday, a show of amity in a region fraught with tensions that have lurked behind his marathon tour of the continent. Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte set the tone of cordiality ahead of the two days of summit meetings he will host, suggesting that despite their differences over claims to the South China Sea, the leaders should not discuss the issue.  We have to be friends, the other hotheads would like us to confront China and the rest of the world on so many issues,  Duterte said at a business conference, as planes carrying heads of state and government attending the summit landed in quick succession in Manila.   The South China Sea is better left untouched, nobody can afford to go to war. It can ill-afford a violent confrontation.  Hours earlier, during a bilateral visit to Vietnam, Trump offered to mediate in the dispute over the South China Sea, where four Southeast Asian countries and Taiwan contest China s sweeping claims to the busy waterway. All the claimants will be at the summit, except for Taiwan. Trump will join leaders of Southeast and East Asian nations in Manila over the next two days, the last leg of a tour that has taken him to Japan, South Korea and China as well as Vietnam. The sheer length of the trip - the longest to Asia by a U.S. president in more than a quarter century - may reassure some that, despite Trump s  America First  policy, Washington remains committed to a region China sees as its strategic domain. Leaders of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), China, Russia, Japan, Canada, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand arrived one by one for a glitzy gala dinner where they were entertained by singers and dancers. Each of the men sported a cream-colored barong, a traditional Philippines shirt made of fiber from the pineapple plant, embroidered and worn untucked. They were served a four-course Filipino-Asian fusion meal curate and prepared by Chef Jessie Sincioco, who also designed the menu for Pope Francis when he visited the Philippines in 2015. Police used water canon to prevent hundreds of protesters reaching the U.S. embassy in Manila ahead of Trump s arrival. Carrying placards declaring  Dump Trump  and  Down with U.S. Imperialism , the left-wing protesters were blocked by police in riot gear with shields and batons, and then showered with jets of water from a fire engine. The United States and its former colony, the Philippines,  have been strategic allies since World War Two.  Trump is expected to try during the summit to shore up relations, which have been strained by the mercurial Duterte s notorious anti-U.S. sentiment and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China. Duterte - sometimes described as the  Trump of the East  because of his brash style - said last week he would tell the U.S. president to  lay off  if he raised the issue of human rights when they met. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police call self-defense in a war on drugs declared by Duterte. Critics say executions are taking place with no accountability, allegations the police reject. But Trump, who has been criticized at home for neglecting rights issues in dealings abroad, praised Duterte in May for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem .  INDO-PACIFIC  Trump s tour comes against a background of tensions on the Korean peninsula following exchanges of war-like threats and insults between North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and Trump over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile development program. China has been urged by both South Korea and the United States to take a more active role in curbing North Korea s nuclear and missile ambitions. During his tour, Trump and his team have repeatedly used the term  Indo-Pacific  instead of  Asia-Pacific  for the region, which some see as an effort to depict it as more than China-dominated. Pacific Rim nation leaders agreed in Vietnam on Saturday to address  unfair trade practices  and  market distorting subsidies , a statement that bore the imprint of Trump s efforts to reshape the global trade landscape. The summit of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries in Vietnam put on show the contrasting vision of the  America First  policy with the traditional consensus favoring multinational deals that China now seeks to champion. Manila hosted the APEC summit two years ago, and at that meeting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau won a Twitter poll with the hashtag #APEChottie that asked people to vote for the most attractive leader there. Journalists swarmed the youthful leader and screamed in excitement. On his latest visit, Trudeau visited an outlet of Jollibee, a chain that has become a byword for Filipino fast food, chatting and posing for selfies, charming the people of Manila again. (This story has been refiled to correct word  untucked  in 10th paragraph.) ",1
14855,Hong Kong soccer fans defy Beijing by booing Chinese national anthem,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hundreds of Hong Kong soccer fans booed and jeered the Chinese national anthem at an Asia Cup qualifier match on Tuesday in defiance of Communist Party rulers in Beijing. The booing of the anthem,  The March of the Volunteers , has become a fixture at football matches in the Chinese-ruled territory, with some parallels to protests in the United States where American football players have knelt during the national anthem, an act denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump. Now the former British colony is preparing to introduce a law that will penalize people who boo the anthem, a measure that critics say undermines the city s autonomy and freedoms guaranteed when it returned to China 20 years ago. Details of the law, including jail terms and the scope of enforcement, have yet to be set. China extended the law to cover Hong Kong earlier this month. Chinese President Xi Jinping in recent years has ushered in new legislation aimed at securing the country from threats both within and outside its borders, besides presiding over a sweeping crackdown on dissent and free speech.  Chinese officials have said the anthem law is necessary to safeguard the authority of the state. Several hundred fans greeted the anthem before the match against Lebanon with jeers and boos, with some unfurling banners that said  Die for Hong Kong , while others yelled  We are Hong Kong  in English, rather than the local Cantonese dialect.  Some security guards signaled to the supporters to behave.   I m not scared even if it becomes law ... I will go to the toilet instead of sitting when the national anthem is on,  Hong Kong supporter Bendter Chong said when asked if he would continue to jeer the anthem when the law is enacted.  Tensions between Hong Kong and mainland China have increased in recent years amid calls for greater democracy. Mass street protests in 2014 paralyzed parts of the city although they failed to secure concessions on electoral reform from Beijing. Most of the jeering was from youths, underscoring how the younger generation has become increasingly disaffected by political tension and economic hardship.  Security was tight at the Hong Kong Stadium, the venue for the city s annual Rugby Sevens tournament, where about 10,000 gathered for the match. The stadium has capacity for 40,000. The game ended Lebanon 1, Hong Kong 0.  I m not sure about the law, but for sure people will be more behaved,  said Hong Kong supporter Fai Chan.  But it is still a matter of whether it is worth our respect.  Hong Kong returned from British to Chinese rule in 1997 under a  one country, two systems  arrangement that guarantees a high degree of autonomy, including an independent judiciary and freedom of expression. In 2015, Hong Kong football fans booed the Chinese anthem during a World Cup qualifier, prompting a fine for the Hong Kong Football Association from world body FIFA. The association was warned by the Asian Football Confederation recently over the conduct of fans and said  a repeat violation may result in more severe punishment . ",1
14856,"Philippines Duterte says only answers to his people on drugs war, human rights","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday he would only answer to the people of his country when it came to human rights, and defended his war on drugs after a summit of Asian leaders.  Speaking at a news conference at the end of a summit of East and Southeast Asian leaders, Duterte was asked if his anti-drugs crackdown was raised by other leaders, including Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  I was elected by the people of the Republic of the Philippines. I only answer to the people of the Republic of the Philippines,  he said. ",1
14857,"Iran, Lebanon's Hariri differ on key meeting","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A top Iranian official and Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri gave conflicting accounts on Tuesday of a key meeting they had held right before Hariri quit as prime minister, a move he attributed to regional meddling by Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah. The shock resignation has thrust Lebanon back onto the front line of a power struggle between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran - a rivalry that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain.  Hariri flew to Riyadh on Nov. 3, after meeting in Beirut Ali Akbar Velayati, the top foreign policy adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.   Hariri claims that in our meeting he asked Iran to stop interfering in the Lebanese affairs, but he did not say such a thing,  Velayati was quoted as saying by Iranian state television s website on Tuesday.  Our meeting was not tense or violent at all. These are all lies,  he said.      Velayati said Iran hoped Hariri would return to Lebanon, accusing Riyadh of fanning the flames of tension as it  could not tolerate the strategic friendship  between Tehran and Beirut. Hariri denied Velayati s account that the Lebanese leader had offered to mediate between Iran and Saudi Arabia.  Prime Minister Hariri did not offer mediation between any countries,  a statement from his press office said.   He presented to Velayati his point of view about the need to stop Iranian interventions in Yemen as a gateway and a precondition for any improvement in ties between (Iran) and the kingdom,  it said.  A long-time Saudi ally, Hariri had first mentioned the Velayati meeting in a television interview on Sunday night, his first public comments since quitting.  He warned Lebanon was at risk of Gulf Arab sanctions because of regional meddling by Shi ite Hezbollah and said he would return to Lebanon within days. In his resignation speech in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, Hariri said he feared assassination and accused Iran along with Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Top Lebanese government officials and senior politicians close to Hariri believe Saudi Arabia coerced him into quitting and has been holding him against his will since, though Hariri and Riyadh have denied this. ",1
14858,Tanks seen heading toward Zimbabwe capital: witnesses,"HARARE (Reuters) - Four tanks were seen heading toward the Zimbabwe capital Harare on Tuesday, witnesses said, a day after the head of the armed forces said he was prepared to  step in  to end a purge of supporters of ousted vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa. A Reuters witness saw two other tanks parked beside the main road from Harare to Chinhoyi, about 20 km (14 miles) from the city. One of the tanks, which was pointed in the direction of the capital, had come off its tracks. Soldiers on the scene refused to talk to Reuters. (This version of the story was refiled to fix typo in second paragraph) ",1
14859,Visiting Lebanese patriarch meets Saad al-Hariri in Saudi Arabia: Arabiya TV,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Lebanon s Christian Maronite Patriarch Bechara Boutros Al-Rai met on Tuesday in Saudi Arabia with Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation as Lebanon s prime minister from Riyadh on Nov. 4, according to Saudi-owned al-Arabiya TV. Hariri abruptly announced his resignation in a television broadcast, saying he believed there was an assassination plot against him and accusing Saudi Arabia s arch-foe Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Patriarch Beshara al-Rai is making an historic first visit to Saudi Arabia. ",1
14860,"Lebanese patriarch, in Saudi, says supports reasons Hariri quit","RIYADH (Reuters) - Lebanon s Christian Maronite Patriarch, visiting Saudi Arabia in an historic visit to the ultra-conservative Muslim kingdom, expressed support on Tuesday for the reasons behind Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s resignation. Hariri, a Saudi ally, resigned abruptly on Nov. 4 in a move Lebanese political leaders ascribed to pressure from Riyadh. Hariri said his resignation had been prompted by an assassination plot and accused Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the region. He denies there are any constraints on his movement. Patriarch Bechara al-Rai met Hariri as well as King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman as part of a trip that was planned well before the Lebanese political crisis brought on by Hariri s resignation.  Hariri is returning as fast as possible and I support the reasons for his resignation,  Rai was quoted as saying by Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television. Hariri said he was fine and would return to Lebanon in the next two days. On Twitter, he urged Lebanese to remain calm and said his family would stay in Saudi Arabia, calling it  their country . The events have thrust Lebanon back to the forefront of the conflict between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran. Rai s trip has come under heightened scrutiny in light of Hariri s resignation, but an official visit to Saudi Arabia by such a senior non-Muslim cleric is significant as a rare act of religious openness by the conservative Muslim country. The kingdom hosts the holiest sites in Islam and bans the practice of other religions, forcing Christians to risk arrest by praying in private homes. Prince Mohammed says he wants Saudi Arabia to open up more to the world. In addition to imposing radical economic reforms, the 32-year-old heir-apparent has pledged to relax strict social norms and revive a  middle-of-the-road, moderate Islam open to the world and all religions, traditions and people . Rai heads the Maronite church, which has a presence in Lebanon, Syria and Cyprus and follows an Eastern rite of the Roman Catholic Church. Flanked by Catholic clerics wearing vestments and gold crosses, Rai discussed religious tolerance and combating extremism with the king and his son, the Saudi state news agency said. Prince Mohammed has taken a harder line on Iran since taking on wide-ranging authorities two years ago including as defense minister, with the kingdom waging a two-year-old war in Yemen against Houthi fighters aligned with Iran. He has also pushed for more social freedoms in a country where authority has rested for decades on an enduring accommodation between the royal family and clerics who control the hardline Wahhabi strain of Islam that originated in Saudi Arabia. The powers of the Saudi religious police have been curbed, enforcement of gender segregation has been relaxed and women have been granted some more freedoms, including the right to drive cars starting next year. Rai is the second Christian patriarch to visit the country, after another such trip in 1975. He said the original invitation had been extended in 2013 by the late King Abdullah. ",1
14861,Philippines president says China agrees to work on South China Sea code,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday China had  graciously  agreed at a summit of Asian nations to start negotiations towards a code of conduct in the South China Sea, and would abide by whatever was decided. Duterte said China had also agreed that access to waterways and airspace in the South China Sea would be  unbridled  and  unfettered . He also said North Korea s missile tests were a concern to every leader at the Manila summit meetings and people should pray that there was no conflict on the Korean peninsula. Pyongyang, he said, was  toying  with bombs.  ",1
14862,Australian citizenship crisis deepens as eighth lawmaker falls,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The citizenship crisis engulfing Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s government deepened on Tuesday as an eighth lawmaker exited parliament and the main opposition party drafted in a high-profile candidate for a key by-election. Turnbull s center-right government has already lost its majority in parliament, accounting for four of the eight lawmakers to be forced out or to resign from parliament in recent weeks because they were dual citizens. That status is banned under the Australian constitution to prevent split allegiances. Adherence to that rule in a country where more than half the population of 24 million was either born overseas or has a parent who was born overseas has only come under the spotlight in the current crisis, with the High Court confirming a strict interpretation of the law. Jacqui Lambie, an independent and outspoken senator for the island state of Tasmania, confirmed on Tuesday that she was the eighth lawmaker in a parliament of 226 to fall foul of the dual citizenship law, with political analysts warning that several more are likely to fall. The opposition Labor Party upped the stakes on Tuesday by announcing it was putting forward former state premier Kristina Keneally to contest the seat vacated by a lawmaker in Turnbull s Liberal Party. The by-election in the inner Sydney seat of Bennelong, along with another one for the seat of former Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce, who was ejected by last month s High Court ruling, will be key to restoring Turnbull s small majority in parliament.  This is a chance which I think a lot of people in Australia would like to have that has fallen to the people of Bennelong to send a message against the dysfunction and the chaos of the current government, the policy paralysis, the failure of leadership,  Labor leader Bill Shorten told reporters on Tuesday. While Joyce is widely expected to win back his safe rural seat after renouncing his New Zealand citizenship, the entry of the popular Keneally into the Sydney race has made that contest far less certain. Previously a safe conservative seat, it fell to the Labor Party in 2007, before the conservatives won it back in 2010.  Elections are notoriously volatile, anything is possible,  Nicholas Economou, a political scientist at Monash University, told Reuters.  Voters often use by-elections to give a stinging rebuke to a government that s at war with itself and that s what this government is. It s game on in Bennelong.  The citizenship crisis has hit Turnbull hard, with a poll released on Monday showing he had slipped to a new low in voter popularity amid criticism that he has failed to act decisively. Independent lawmakers have threatened to use their new-found power in the lower house to push through controversial legislation that has been blocked by the government, including a Royal Commission into the banking sector. The government and main opposition party cobbled together a deal on Monday to agree to a deadline of Dec. 1 for all politicians to disclose the birthplace of their parents and grandparents. Lambie vowed to immediately renounce her UK citizenship, granted by descent courtesy of her Scottish-born father.  I won t be laying down, I ll just get up and get back on and go again, simple as that,  she told local radio. Lambie, 43, a former army corporal, has become one of Australia s most recognizable and colorful politicians in her short time in office. She has garnered headlines for a range of controversial comments, including her belief that China could invade Australia and applauding Russian President Vladimir Putin s  very strong leadership . ",1
14863,Britain has not seen any evidence of successful meddling in elections,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has not seen any evidence of successful direct interference in its electoral system, which is one of the most robust in the world, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday. In a speech on Monday, May took aim at Russia, accusing the country of  meddling in elections .  We have been clear that we believe our own electoral system is amongst the most robust in the world,  the spokesman told reporters.  I don t think we ve seen any evidence of any successful direct interference in UK democratic processes.  ",1
14864,U.S. would welcome new EU sanctions on Iran: official,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Any move by the European Union to impose new sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile program and alleged involvement in Middle East conflicts would be  interesting and helpful , a U.S. administration official said on Tuesday. U.S. President Donald Trump, who has taken a more hawkish line on Iran than predecessor Barack Obama, has said Tehran s missile program should be curbed and wants to punish Tehran over its role in Yemen and Syria. Trump has also dealt a blow to an international 2015 deal on Iran s nuclear program by disavowing Iran s compliance with its terms. The U.S. Congress now has until mid-December to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions on Iran that had been lifted in exchange for it limiting its nuclear activity. But the EU, which normally coordinates closely with Washington on international sanctions, has been lobbying hard to preserve the nuclear accord, saying it should be kept separate from missile and regional security matters.  Last week, French President Emmanuel Macron mooted the possibility of fresh sanctions, saying he was  very concerned  about Iran s missile program following the firing of a missile from Yemen into Saudi Arabia.   It would certainly be a very interesting and probably helpful move on the part of the EU,  the U.S. administration official told reporters in Brussels when asked if Washington wanted the EU to pursue fresh restrictions on Iran. The missile fired into Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Nov. 4 was intercepted near Riyadh airport and there were no casualties. Saudi Arabia, which intervened against Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen s war in 2015, accuses the Islamic Republic of supplying missiles and other weaponry to the Houthis.  Tehran denies this and it also rejected Macron s remarks, saying its missile program was solely defensive and not linked to the nuclear pact, which European powers, Russia and China - the other parties to the 2015 deal - say is vital to containing Middle East tensions. And there is no consensus in the EU, where imposing any sanctions requires the unanimity of all 28 member states, on any new punitive measures, a fact made clear by the bloc s top diplomat after chairing foreign minister talks on Monday.  We didn t discuss, not today, not last week (and) I don t foresee any discussion also in the future, further sanctions from the EU side on Iran,  EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini told reporters when asked about Macron s comments.   Ballistic missiles are not in the scope of the (nuclear deal),  she said.  This is a discussion and a proposal that was never raised at our table in these recent months and I don t foresee this happening in the near future.  Iran and Saudi Arabia are locked in a struggle for Middle East predominance. Their rivalry flared again earlier this month with the resignation of Saudi-backed Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri, who blamed an alleged assassination plot against him and accused Tehran and its heavily armed Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing conflict in the Arab world. The U.S. administration official declined to say what the Congress might do in the wake of Trump s action but said any new U.S. sanctions would be targeted narrowly at people and entities involved directly in the areas of concern.  We should expect to see a continued use of the U.S. sanctions tool in the areas such as proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, support for terrorist organizations and the deterioration of human rights inside Iran.  The U.S. official also said the West should keep up pressure on Russia as long as it does not reverse its 2015 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine or implement its side of a peace deal for  Ukraine s east, gripped by a Moscow-backed insurgency.  The EU s own economic sanctions on Moscow, which restrict  business with the Russian energy, defense and financial sectors, are currently in place until the end of January 2018.  ",1
14865,Pakistan court issues arrest warrant for finance minister,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A Pakistani anti-corruption court on Tuesday issued an arrest warrant for Finance Minister Ishaq Dar after the veteran politician failed to turn up for several court hearings. The warrant comes at an awkward time for Pakistan, which wants to raise in excess of $1 billion on international debt markets through a Sukuk and a Eurobond in coming months and has been trying to woo international investors. Dar, who has been charged with amassing wealth beyond his known sources of income, has missed three weeks of court hearings conducted by the anti-graft agency the National Accountability Bureau (NAB). Judge Mohammad Bashir issued the warrant on the grounds of  continued absence  from the court, according to a court statement. Dar, who has pleaded not guilty, is receiving medical treatment in London and now faces arrest upon his return to Pakistan. The case has been adjourned until Nov. 21. The charges against Dar followed an investigation into the finances of former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who was ousted in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him for not declaring a small salary from his son s off-shore company. The finance minister is one of Sharif s closest political allies and Dar s son has married Sharif s daughter. Both men deny any wrongdoing. Dar has rejected growing calls to resign amid his legal woes and a worsening economic outlook for Pakistan, which is battling to stave off a balance of payments crisis due to dwindling foreign currency reserve and a widening current account deficit. Dar was initially lauded for steering Pakistan out of a balance of payments crisis in 2013 and returning the nuclear-armed country toward a higher growth trajectory. But over the past year he has faced criticism for his refusal to allow the rupee to weaken to ease macroeconomic pressures. He has also been accused of eroding the central bank s independence. ",1
14866,Saudi crown prince meets Lebanon's Maronite Patriarch: al-Arabiya,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman held talks with Lebanon s Maronite Christian Patriarch Bechara Boutros Al-Rai in Riyadh on Tuesday, al-Arabiya television reported, as a political crisis in Lebanon drags on. Al-Rai met earlier with Saudi King Salman on the second day of his first visit to Saudi Arabia. He also held talks with Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation as prime minister of Lebanon from Riyadh on Nov. 4. ",1
14867,"U.N. warns millions at risk in Yemen, urges Saudi coalition to open ports","GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. aid coordinator called on the Saudi-led coalition to open all Yemen s seaports urgently on Tuesday, saying millions of lives were at risk.  The Saudi-led coalition fighting Yemen s Houthi movement said last week it had closed all air, land and seaports in Yemen to stem what it said was the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran.  We have some 21 million people needing assistance and seven million of those are in famine-like conditions and rely completely on food aid,  U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said.   The continued closure by the Saudi-led coalition of critical seaports and airports is aggravating an already dire humanitarian situation. I think it poses a critical threat to the lives of millions who are already struggling to survive.   McGoldrick was speaking to reporters in Geneva by phone from Amman, because he said flights into Sanaa were blocked.  The humanitarian impact of what is happening right now is unimaginable,  he said.  The Saudi-led coalition has said it will keep Hodeidah port closed until a U.N. verification programme is reviewed to ensure no weapons reach the Houthis.  Iran denies arming the Houthis and blames the two-and-a-half-year conflict in Yemen on Riyadh.  McGoldrick said the Saudi plan to supply Yemen through the Saudi port of Jizan in the north and Aden in the south was too complicated, dangerous, slow and expensive, adding an estimated $30 per tonne to every shipment.   We would ask that the coalition opens all the seaports as a matter of urgency and allows humanitarian and other supplies to move, as well as the movement of aid workers,  he said. Humanitarian agencies had been successful in preventing famine and tackling a cholera outbreak that has sickened more than 900,000 people in six months and killed over 2,200.  This import blockage will reverse those gains and leave millions of people in a very precarious situation as we move ahead. The humanitarians are just holding things together, waiting for a peace process which is very much in the distance.  The north of the country, home to 78 percent of the population, had 20 days  stocks of diesel, crucial for pumping water and fighting cholera, and 10 days  stocks of gasoline, with no prospect of resupply soon, he said. Yemen had commercial wheat stocks for three months for the entire population of 28 million and about 120 days of rice. The U.N. children s agency UNICEF had only three weeks of vaccine supplies left in Yemen, and both UNICEF and the World Health Organization had shipments of essential medicines and vaccines blocked in Djibouti, McGoldrick said. Yemen s national airline said on Tuesday a commercial flight had landed at Aden international airport after acquiring security permits. ",1
14868,"Iran's quake death toll rises to 530, more than 8,000 injured: IRNA","ANKARA (Reuters) - At least 530 people were killed in Iran s deadliest earthquake in more than a decade, state news agency IRNA reported on Tuesday, adding that more than 8,000 others were injured.  Iran said on Tuesday that rescue operations had ended in the western province of Kermanshah that was hit on Sunday by the  7.3-magnitude quake.  ",1
14869,Four Serbs get suspended sentences for 2008 attack on U.S. embassy,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Four Serbian men got suspended prison terms on Tuesday for taking parts in riots at the U.S. embassy in 2008 - a long-delayed case that has soured relations between Belgrade and Washington. The four were convicted of hurling stones at the embassy during protests over perceived U.S. support for Kosovan independence. They were not charged over a fire that broke out at the peak of the riots and destroyed part of the building. Washington has pressed for prosecutions for almost a decade, but no one has so far been convicted over the blaze which killed one protester.     The four - Dejan Vucckovic, Dragan Marinkov, Marko Novitovic and Milan Tomas - pleaded not guilty but were convicted of endangering public safety and given two-year suspended sentences.  The court ruling said the men s rocks broke windows in the embassy and other protesters later threw in flares that started the fire. Another three defendants were acquitted due to lack of evidence. Serbia s government and the protesters reacted with fury after Kosovo s declaration of independence on Feb 21, 2008. Serbia considers Kosovo its historic heartland and has waged a diplomatic campaign against the secession of the predominantly ethnic Albanian region. Belgrade lost control of Kosovo in 1999 after NATO bombing ended Serbia s brutal counterinsurgency against Albanians there. Defense lawyer Zelimir Cabrilo said the court s verdict had not addressed the political factors behind the riot.  It was a political decision to stage the rally ... to remove (police) security from the embassy,  Cabrilo told reporters.    Instead, we have light, modest sentences against four persons ... for hurling stones, they were not sentenced for torching it (the embassy).  The case was delayed last year when the Serbian Court of Appeals annulled a lower court s sentencing, citing deficiencies in the ruling, and ordered a retrial. ",1
14870,Pakistan police arrest dozens from Islamist party blocking entrance to capital,"ISLAMABAD/LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani police have arrested dozens of members of a hard-line  Islamist party that has blocked a main entrance to the capital since last week, a provincial spokesman said, in the latest confrontation between religious activists and authorities. Hundreds of supporters of the Tehreek-e-Labaik Pakistan party have blocked a main road to Islamabad since Friday, threatening violence if their demand that the minister of law be sacked is not met. The group blames the minister, Zahid Hamid, for changes to an electoral oath that it says amounts to blasphemy. The government puts the issue down to a clerical error. Pakistan s blasphemy law has become a lightning rod for Islamists, especially since 2011 when the liberal governor of Punjab province, Salman Taseer, was murdered by a bodyguard for questioning the law that mandates the death penalty for insulting Islam or the Prophet Mohammad. A spokesman for the Punjab provincial government, Malik Muhammad Ahmed Khan, told Reuters the protests were a  serious inconvenience for people and disturbing public life  in the province that surrounds Islamabad.  The Punjab government has detained dozens of Tehreek-e-Labaik s activists from various districts,  he said. Labaik spokesman Ejaz Ashrafi said in a statement police arrested hundreds of its workers in a countrywide swoop, mainly in the party s base in Punjab.  Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal late on Monday urged the protesters to call off the sit-in, saying he hoped the government  wouldn t be forced to take extreme steps .  One security source said the protesters detained several policemen, seized their weapons and mistreated them.   The abduction of the police is a heinous crime,  Iqbal said  in a statement. Police have accused the protesters, who are occupying the main artery between the capital and the nearby city of Rawalpindi, of throwing stones at them. Fearing violence, the government has blocked several roads with shipping containers to corral the protesters, but that has caused hours-long traffic jams. Minister of state for interior affairs Talal Chaudhry said the government had refused to accept the demand to sack the minister, and instead had ordered police to block any more Labaik supporters or leaders from joining the protest. In 2007, a confrontation between authorities and supporters of radical preachers at an Islamabad mosque led to the death of more than 100 people when commandos stormed the complex.  We re still trying to resolve this issue through dialogue but the situation is becoming intolerable,  Chaudhry, told reporters.  If this cannot be resolved, the roads will have to be cleared.  ",1
14871,"Tillerson to meet Myanmar general, stress need to stop violence: State Dept official","YANGON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will focus on the need to stop the violence and stabilize Rakhine state when he meets with the head of Myanmar s military on Wednesday, a senior State Department official told journalists in Manila. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since the military launched a counter-insurgency clearance operation in Rakhine late August. A top UN official has described it as  ethnic cleansing  by Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Tillerson was due to hold talks in with Aung San Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar s less that two year old civilian administration, and the head of the armed forces, Senior General   Min Aung Hlaing, in the capital Naypyitaw in a bid to stem the refugee crisis. ",1
14872,"North Korea nuclear arsenal too developed to destroy quickly, says Moon","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday it would not be easy for reclusive North Korea to destroy its nuclear arsenal quickly, even if wanted to, given its weapons programs were so developed. North Korea is under heavy international pressure to end its weapons programs, pursued in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. But it has vowed never to give up its nuclear arsenal. Speaking to reporters in the Philippines, Moon said that if North Korea agreed to hold talks, negotiations could be held with all options open.  If talks begin to resolve the North Korea nuclear issue, I feel it will be realistically difficult for North Korea to completely destroy its nuclear capabilities when their nuclear and missile arsenal are at a developed stage,  Moon said in a briefing.  If so, North Korea s nuclear program should be suspended, and negotiations could go on to pursue complete denuclearization.  Moon s remarks were made available by the presidential Blue House. Last week, the North said it did not oppose dialogue, but would  never put the issue related to the supreme interests of the DPRK and security of its people on the bargaining table .  We are not interested in such dialogue and negotiations in the least,  the North s official news agency said, referring to the country by its official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. The North defends the programs as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. U.S. President Donald Trump has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as North Korea races toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States. Trump threatened in his maiden U.N. address to  totally destroy  North Korea if the United States was threatened and has said the time for talking, the policy of previous U.S. administrations, is over. Moon reiterated his stance that now was the time to increase pressure on North Korea so that it would come to talks.  He said differences in understanding between South Korea and China, North Korea s lone major ally, regarding the deployment of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system on South Koran soil had not been resolved.  China has not said it has changed its stance to agree to THAAD and still says THAAD infringes on its security. We have, in turn, explained THAAD is not aimed at China but only toward curbing North Korea s nuclear and missile provocations,  he said. Last month, South Korea and China agreed to end a year-long standoff over THAAD which had seen South Korean companies doing business in China suffer from retaliation against the system s  deployment. ",1
14873,"Judge orders detention of Rio state congressmen, state bank employees","RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - A judge in Brazil has ordered the detention of several top political figures in Rio de Janeiro, including the president of the state assembly, federal prosecutors said on Tuesday. Police were also serving 10 arrest warrants in the capital Brasilia regarding more than $100 million in contracts involving state bank Caixa Economica Federal in a separate investigation, prosecutors said, suggesting a years-long anti-corruption push may be far from over. According to a prosecutors s statement, Judge Abel Gomes has put out a bench warrant for Rio state assembly president Jorge Picciani, two other state assemblymen, and 10 other persons, including legislative aides. They are accused of accepting bribes from the state s transportation industry body in exchange for favorable legislation going back to the governorship of S rgio Cabral, who held power from 2007 to 2014 and was arrested in 2016 on corruption charges. The arrested deputies were members of embattled President Michel Temer s PMDB party. Also on Tuesday, Brazil s federal police said in a statement that it was carrying out 10 search and detention orders in the capital Brasilia, some of them relating to employees of state bank Caixa Economica Federal. The police said the accused illegally skimmed money from about 385 million reais ($117 million) in information technology contracts received from the bank. None of the accused parties could immediately be reached for comment. ",1
14874,Japan's Abe offers $1 billion in rural aid to Myanmar's Suu Kyi,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday pledge up to 117 billion yen ($1.03 billion) of development aid to Myanmar in a meeting in Manila with government leader Aung San Suu Kyi. The package of low-interest loans will be used to fund projects including infrastructure and small company financing meant to help improve rural incomes, Japan s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a release. The aid pledge comes as Myanmar comes under intense criticism from human rights groups, the United Nations and other countries for a counter-insurgency operation that has sparked an exodus of more than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims to Bangladesh since August. Abe and Suu Kyi are in the Philippines for an Association of South East Asian Nations conference including other regional leaders.  While there, Suu Kyi, whose administration has no control over the security forces under a constitution drafted during military rule, discussed the Rohingya crisis with U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres. China and the United States also compete for influence in Myanmar. ",1
14875,Iran 'hopes Hariri will remain Lebanon's prime minister',"LONDON (Reuters) - An Iranian official said on Tuesday Tehran hoped Saad al-Hariri would remain as Lebanon s prime minister and denied Hariri had resigned after a tense meeting with him in Beirut. Hariri resigned abruptly on Nov. 4 while in Saudi Arabia, saying he believed there was an assassination plot against him and accusing Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world. Hariri had flown to Riyadh on Nov. 3 after a meeting in Beirut with Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.   Hariri claims that in our meeting he asked Iran to stop interfering in the Lebanese affairs, but he did not say such a thing,  Velayati was quoted as saying by Iranian state television s website.  Our meeting was not tense or violent at all. These are all lies,  he said. Velayati accused Saudi Arabia of fanning the flames of tension as it  could not tolerate the strategic friendship  between Tehran and Beirut. Hariri s resignation plunged Lebanon into a new political crisis and thrust it into the front line of a regional power play between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that has also buffeted Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain. Velayati said Hariri in their meeting offered to mediate between Iran and Saudi Arabia and he welcomed the offer. Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties with Iran in January 2016 after Iranian protesters, angered by the execution of a senior Shi ite cleric by Riyadh, torched the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. Velayati said Tehran hoped Hariri would return to Lebanon and continue as prime minister  if Lebanese laws allow . In a television interview on Sunday, Hariri said he would return to his country within days and held out the possibility he could rescind his resignation if Iran-backed Hezbollah agreed to stay out of regional conflicts such as Yemen. He said he had  talked about the unacceptable Iranian interference in Arab countries  with Velayati in Beirut.  We cannot continue while Iran and a political party are interfering,  Hariri said, in his first public comments since his resignation.  ",1
14876,Russia says didn't promise withdrawal of pro-Iranian forces from Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has not promised to ensure a withdrawal of pro-Iranian forces from Syria, RIA news agency quoted Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as saying on Tuesday. The presence of Iran in Syria is legitimate, Lavrov was quoted as saying by another agency, Interfax. ",1
14877,Defecting North Korean soldier critical after escape in hail of bullets,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean soldier is expected to survive critical wounds he received when his old comrades fired a hail of bullets at him as he made a defection dash to South Korea, the South s government and military said on Tuesday. The soldier had on Monday sped toward the border in a  peace village  in the heavily guarded demilitarized zone, in a four-wheel drive vehicle. But when a wheel came loose, he fled on foot as four North Korean soldiers fired about 40 rounds at him, said Suh Wook, chief director of operations at South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff, briefing lawmakers.  Until this morning, we heard he had no consciousness and was unable to breathe on his own but his life can be saved,  Suh said. Surgeons had removed five bullets from the soldier s body, leaving two inside, Suh added, to murmurs from lawmakers who said the soldier s escape was  right out of a movie . The soldier took cover behind a South Korean structure in a Joint Security Area (JSA) inside the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas. South Korean and U.S. soldiers, fearing more North Korean fire, later crawled to him to rescue him, the United Nations Command said in a separate statement. North Korea has not said anything about the soldier. Its military had not given any indication of unusual movements on Tuesday, the South s military said. While on average more than 1,000 North Koreans defect to the South every year, most travel via China and it is unusual for a North Korean to cross the land border dividing the two Koreas, which have been in a technical state of war since their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty.  The U.N. Command, in place since the end of the war, said an investigation into the incident was being conducted. South Korean Defence Minister Song Young-moo said it was the first time North Korean soldiers had fired toward the South s side of the JSA, prompting complaints from some lawmakers that the South s military should have returned fire. Moon Sang-gyun, the South s defense ministry spokesman, said military operations at the JSA were usually conducted under the orders of the U.N. Command, which is in turn under orders from the U.S. military. The soldier, who was not armed, was flown in a U.N. Command helicopter to an operating theater where doctors began working to save him even before he was out of a uniform that indicated he held a lower rank, Suh said. South Korean officials have yet to identify where the soldier came from or what his intentions were. Lee Cook-jong, the surgeon in charge of the soldier s care at the Ajou University Hospital, told reporters he was suffering from critical intestinal damage. Hospital officials where under strict security agency orders not to talk to media and all updates on the soldier had to be through the military, workers there told Reuters. Dr Lee had been  given a talking-to  after a brief exchange with the media, the hospital workers said. The U.N. military armistice commission said it had informed the North Korean military that the soldier, who was found about 50 meters (150 feet) south of a Military Demarcation Line, was undergoing surgery for his wounds. Suh said the South had also informed the North on Monday of the soldier and his treatment, via loudspeakers on the border. North Korea has in the past complained that North Korean defectors had been abducted by South Korea, and it has demanded their release.  This month, the North demanded that South Korea return 12 waitresses it said had been kidnapped while working in China in 2016. South Korea said the 12 women, and one man, had chosen to defect to the South. Monday was the first time since 2007 a North Korean soldier had defected across the JSA. ",1
14878,Icelandic parties from left and right begin formal coalition talks,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Leaders of three of the eight parties elected in Iceland in an October 28 parliamentary election began formal coalition negotiations on Tuesday, state broadcaster RUV reported. The Independence Party, the Left-Green Movement and the center-right Progressive Party, are seeking to form a government after talks between four leftist parties broke down last week. It should be clear by the end of the week whether talks have made progress. President Gudni Johannesson has not yet given any party leaders a formal mandate to try to form a government. ",1
14879,"Russian PM Medvedev met U.S. Trump, calls him 'open and well-meaning': RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Tuesday he met U.S. President Donald Trump at the ASEAN summit in Manila earlier this week, calling him  open and well-meaning person , RIA news agency reported on Tuesday. Medvedev said he spoke with Trump after a dinner which was dedicated to the 50th anniversary of ASEAN. The Russian Prime Minister also said Russia-U.S. relations were at the lowest point in decades now and the United States has declared Russia its enemy,  not just opponent  by imposing new sanctions, according to RIA. ",1
14880,China premier says will protect South China Sea freedom of navigation,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will firmly safeguard freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea, Premier Li Keqiang said on Tuesday at a regional summit in Manila, state news agency Xinhua reported.  Li said China is the largest country in the South China Sea and a major nation that uses the lanes in the sea, thus China shows more interest in safeguarding peace, stability, and navigation freedom in the South China Sea than any other country in the world,  Xinhua said.   ",1
14881,Amnesty says China detains 30 relatives of exiled Uighur leader,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Authorities in China s far western region of Xinjiang have in recent months detained up to 30 relatives of an exiled ethnic Uighur leader, Rebiya Kadeer, rights group Amnesty International said on Tuesday. It was not possible to independently verify the report. Xinjiang, where hundreds have died in recent years in violence between majority Han Chinese and ethnic Uighurs who call Xinjiang home, is under tight security and independent reporting there is difficult. Uighurs are a mostly Muslim people who speak a Turkic language. A Xinjiang government news department official declined to comment, saying she was unaware of the report. China s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Kadeer is a former political prisoner in China accused of leaking state secrets in 1999. She was later allowed to leave on medical grounds and lives in the United States. She is president of the World Uyghur Congress. Amnesty said that among those detained were Kadeer s sisters, brothers, sons, grandchildren and extended relatives.  Some of her relatives have been detained or jailed previously in Xinjiang. The rights group said in an emailed statement that it was unclear when they were taken away, and that they were  presumed  to be held at a so-called education center and risked torture.  These facilities are known to arbitrarily detain Uighurs and other Muslim minorities for 6-12 months or more,  it said.   Forced to study Chinese laws and policies, many of those detained are targeted because they may have been found praying, owning religious books, have traveled abroad, or have family members living abroad,  it said. The Chinese government routinely denies accusations of rights abuses in Xinjiang, though it has admitted a problem with torture of detainees and has pledged to stop mistreatment of prisoners. Xinjiang, on the borders of Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan, is one of China s most sensitive domestic issues and where China says it faces its own war on radical Islam and militancy.  Rights groups and Uighur exiles say the unrest is more a product of Uighur frustration at Chinese controls on their culture and religion. China denies any repression. ",1
14882,At least six killed in Yemen suicide bombing claimed by Islamic State,"ADEN (Reuters) - At least six people were killed on Tuesday when a suicide car bomb ripped through a base used by a local security force in Yemen s southern port city of Aden, residents said, in an attack claimed by Islamic State. Dozens of other people, including civilians, were wounded in the attack, which occurred outside a camp used by a local security force organized by the Saudi-led coalition fighting Yemen s Houthi rebels. Islamist militants have exploited a civil war that began in 92015 to try to expand their influence and gain a foothold in the impoverished country located in the southern Arabian Peninsula, near the world s top oil exporter, Saudi Arabia. Witnesses described a huge explosion that shook the al-Mansoura district in northern Aden, destroying at least one building and shattering windows in others. A plume of smoke rose over the area. Ambulances raced to the scene to evacuate the wounded. Pictures circulating on social media showed several young men in military uniform being carried away. Residents said two suicide bombers carried out the attack. But Islamic state, which claimed responsibility for the attack, said only one bomber was involved and identified him as Abu Hajar al-Adani. The group said Adani targeted the operations room of the  apostate Security Belt , destroying it and killing and wounding all those inside it. Pictures posted on social media showed young men in military uniforms being carried away in bandages. The Security Belt was set up by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition that has been fighting the Iran-aligned Houthis since they advanced on Aden in 2015, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee to Saudi Arabia. The civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the internationally recognized Hadi government has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced more than two million. The war  drags on with no sign that it will end soon. Tuesday s attack was the second of its kind in Aden this month. On Nov. 5, a car bomber blew himself up at a security checkpoint, killing 15 people and wounding at least 20. Islamic State also claimed responsibility for that assault but provided no evidence it was involved [nL5N1NB0EF]. ",1
14883,Russia says U.S. providing cover for Islamic State in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The United States is providing de-facto cover for Islamic State units in Syria and only pretending to fight terrorism in the Middle East, the Russian Defence Ministry said on Tuesday. The ministry said the U.S. air force had tried to hinder Russian strikes on Islamic State militants around the Syrian town of Albu Kamal.  These facts are conclusive evidence that the United States, while imitating an uncompromising fight against international terrorism for the global community, in fact provides cover for Islamic State units,  the defense ministry said. ",1
14884,Suitcase of sapphires and other gems worth 1 million pounds stolen from London train,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police were hunting for an unidentified man on Tuesday after a suitcase containing 1 million pounds ($1.3 million) worth of gems was stolen from a luggage rack on a train at London s Euston station. The owner, a 35-year-old jewelry dealer, boarded a train to Birmingham on Nov. 8 but when the train arrived at Rugby in central England, he discovered that his suitcase of rubies, emeralds and sapphires was no longer on the luggage rack. Police released a grainy image of a man who they said they would like to speak to.  I would like to speak to the man in the CCTV images about this extremely high value luggage theft,  Det. Sgt. Nick Thompson from British Transport Police said.  The suitcase was a large black suitcase and contained more than 40 gems such as rubies, emeralds and sapphires.  ",1
14885,"U.S., Philippines ties back on track as Trump, Duterte make up and bond","MANILA (Reuters) - Mutual praise, warm handshakes and even an impromptu love song at a lavish dinner suggest U.S. President Donald Trump and Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte want a fresh start after the biggest breakdown in U.S.-Philippine ties in years. Their meeting on Monday during a summit of Asian leaders in Manila was arguably the most anticipated of the three-day event and went off well, with Duterte s aides talking up the rapport the two had, and Trump boasting of his  great relationship  with the similarly mercurial Philippines leader. It came a little over a year after Duterte announced his  separation  from the United States and sought new alliances with China and Russia. Angered by Barack Obama s criticism of his war on drugs, he told the then-U.S. president to  go to hell , shocking American businesses and a Philippine military heavily reliant on the help of the Pentagon. Central to the rapprochement this week was Duterte holding his tongue, and Trump not expressing concern about Duterte s centerpiece policy - the crackdown on drugs that has killed thousands of Filipinos.  Tensions and damage inflicted during the Obama administration has somehow been repaired, looking at the executive relationship, it has essentially been normalized,  said Richard Javad Heydarian, an author and a political science professor at Manila s De La Salle University.  The modus operandi is, Trump doesn t openly criticize Duterte s war on drugs and Duterte tones down his direct attacks on the U.S.  Even with Trump in the White House, Duterte had repeatedly railed at the  hypocrisy  of his country s former colonial ruler. He has accused Washington of treating the Philippines like a dog and said he would not visit the United States, because it was  lousy . But there was none of Duterte s trademark hostility this week and some indications that both countries had taken a calibrated approach to ensure the two leaders hit it off. Contrary to traditional seating protocol for a summit of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), the two were seated next to each other at Sunday s gala dinner. Duterte sang a hit Filipino love song at that event, and joked it was  on the orders of the U.S. commander-in-chief . Although Duterte s fallout with Obama was acrimonious, the fissures between the two long-term allies did not run deep, with joint programs across various sectors largely intact. That included dozens of annual joint military exercises over the past year. This year, the Philippines military relied on U.S. technical support in its biggest-ever urban battle, ending a five-month occupation of a southern city by rebels loyal to Islamic State.  There were no signs of an exodus of American business under Duterte either, with $353 million of investments from the United States recorded in the first eight months of this year, compared to $90 million in the same period in 2016, according to the Philippines central bank. There were conflicting accounts of what was discussed between Trump and Duterte on Monday, however. A White House spokeswoman said human rights was talked about, in the context of the drugs war. Duterte s spokesman, Harry Roque, said that was not the case, although Duterte had explained his anti-drugs campaign to Trump, who nodded and  seemed to be in agreement .   The relationship appears to be very warm and very friendly, getting very candid,  Roque said.  They have similar feelings toward former U.S. President Barack Obama.  Duterte had said last week he would tell Trump to  lay off  if he talked about human rights. But according to a senior White House official, Duterte raised the issue himself.  He had an explanation and he pre-emptively brought it up,  the official said, estimating Duterte did 90 percent of the talking. The two leaders agreed to further strengthen the decades-old defense alliance between them, one that Duterte had previously threatened to abort.  Heydarian, the professor, however said that even with improved ties, Trump would be powerless to stop moves by Duterte to diversify foreign relations beyond the United States to include China and Russia, and tap them for anything from loans and infrastructure to rifles and jeeps.  I don t think that the Trump-Duterte convivial hobnob will ever be enough to change Duterte s strategic orientation,  he said.  We have stopped the hemorrhaging of the alliance, but it will never go back to being special and sacred as it was before Duterte came to power.  ",1
14886,Taiwan says shut out of U.N. climate talks due to China pressure,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan said its environment minister has been prevented from attending an annual U.N. climate meeting even with credentials as a non-governmental participant due to pressure from China. It represents the latest case of self-ruled Taiwan not being able to take part in an international event because of opposition from China, which objects to the island it claims under its  one-China  stand being accorded anything akin to the status of an independent state. Environmental protection agency minister Lee Ying-yuan had hoped to attend a U.N. climate change meeting in Bonn, Germany, the island s foreign ministry said in a statement late on Monday.  Due to China s interventions, environmental protection minister Lee was unable to enter the UNFCCC meeting,  it said, referring to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change. Relations between Beijing and Taipei have nosedived since  Tsai Ing-wen was elected the island s president last year. China believes she wants formal independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. Taiwan s foreign ministry spokesman, Andrew H.C. Lee, told a news conference in Taipei the president believed climate change was an important issue and the island would endeavor to take part in international meetings to address it. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China s position was very clear.  On the matter of Taiwan participating in international events, China s position is very clear; that is, it must comply with the One China principle,  Geng told reporters, without elaborating. Organizers of the event in Bonn where were not immediately available for comment. Since 2009, when Taiwan announced its intention to participate in U.N. climate change meetings, the government has helped officials get credentials for talks as non-governmental observers to attend the international meeting. Taiwan participated last year with a lower-level delegation. Taiwan is not a member of the United Nations, having lost the seat it held in China s name in 1971 when the Communist government in Beijing assumed the position. Under the previous Taiwan administration of the China-friendly President Ma Ying-jeou, Beijing let Taiwan attend some U.N.-related events, including getting observer access at the annual U.N. World Health Assembly meeting in Geneva. This year, Taiwan was shut out of the health assembly, which the island also said was due to China s coercion and threats. China has previously blamed Taiwan for its exclusion from international events, saying it is due to Taipei s refusal to accept the  one China  principle. Nationalist forces, defeated by the Communists, fled to Taiwan at the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949. ",1
14887,Australia should accept New Zealand offer to resettle refugees: UNHCR,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The U.N. refugee agency on Tuesday urged Australia to accept New Zealand s offer to resettle 150 refugees from an abandoned Australian-run detention center in Papua New Guinea, as about 450 men remain barricaded inside without food or water. The asylum seekers have been holed up inside the center for the past two weeks defying attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the facility, saying they fear for their safety if moved to transit centers. With many detainees complaining of illness bought about by the unsanitary conditions in the camp, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) urged Australia to allow 150 of them to resettle in New Zealand.  We urge Australia to reconsider this and take up the offer,  Nai Jit Lam, deputy regional representative at the UNHCR told Reuters.  Most of the asylum seekers are from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. Australia s  sovereign borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but has bipartisan political support in Australia. Australia says allowing asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores would only encourage people smugglers in Asia and see more people risk their lives trying to sail to Australia. Two motions introduced in Australia s parliament by the Labor and Green parties, and passed in the upper house on Tuesday, call on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to approve the New Zealand proposal.  This is a foul and bloody stain on Australia s national conscience,  Greens senator Nick McKim told reporters. Turnbull this month rejected the refugee resettlement offer from his New Zealand counterpart, Jacinda Ardern, preferring instead to work through an existing refugee swap deal he negotiated with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year. Under the U.S. deal, up to 1,250 asylum seekers detained by Australia in Papua New Guinea and Nauru in the South Pacific could be resettled in the United States in return for Australia accepting refugees from Central America. So far, the United States has accepted only 54. Despite Turnbull rejecting the offer, Ardern this week said it remained on the table and she would seek a second meeting with Turnbull to discuss the  unacceptable  situation inside the Manus island detention center. Water and electricity to the center were disconnected two weeks ago after Australian security withdrew and the camp closed on Oct. 31. The camp gad been declared illegal by a Papua New Guinea Court. Papua New Guinea has threatened to forcibly move the men if they remain inside the center. It has set three deadlines but all have passed largely without incident. ",1
14888,Tokyo governor quits as head of conservative opposition 'Party of Hope',"TOKYO (Reuters) - The governor of the Japanese capital, Tokyo, whose opposition  Party of Hope  came a distant third to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling party in a general election last month, said on Tuesday she would quit as party co-leader.  Governor Yuriko Koike, a former ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) lawmaker sometimes mentioned as a possible first female Japanese premier, launched the party to great fanfare ahead of the Oct. 22 lower house election and absorbed a big chunk of the failed opposition Democratic Party. But despite her bid to create what she called a  reformist, conservative  rival to Abe s LDP, Koike s party won only 51 seats in the 465-member lower house.  That tally was not only dwarfed by the LDP s 283 seats but also lagged the 54 seats taken by the Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDPJ), a group hastily formed by liberal-leaning former Democratic Party members. Koike announced her decision at a televised meeting of her party legislators, also attended by Yuichiro Tamaki, who was recently elected as Party of Hope co-president.  I want to step down as party leader and support you all,  she told the meeting.  I want to leave things to President Tamaki.  A media-savvy former TV announcer and veteran lawmaker who served as environment and defense minister, Koike defied the LDP to run for Tokyo governor last year and trounced her ruling-party rival.  She then led her party to a historic victory over the LDP in a July Tokyo assembly poll. But support for the Party of Hope faltered after Koike said she would  exclude  liberal members of the Democratic Party and decided not to seek a seat in parliament herself.  She also confused many voters by seeming to leave open the possibility of a tie-up with the LDP after the general election. Support for the Party of Hope was a mere 3.2 percent against 9.3 percent for the CDPJ and 37.1 percent for the LDP, in an NHK survey released on Monday. Abe has had a bounce in his ratings, a series of public opinion polls published this week indicated, but his support remains below 50 percent.  The NHK survey put support for his cabinet at 46 percent, a seven point rise from a September survey, with the most frequently given reason being  it s better than other cabinets .   ",1
14889,"Refugees in Greece demand transfer to Germany, start hunger strike"," (This November 1 story has been corrected to read 25,000 in paragraph 11) By Karolina Tagaris  and Deborah Kyvrikosaios ATHENS (Reuters) - A group of mainly Syrian women and children who have been stranded in Greece pitched tents opposite parliament in Athens on Wednesday in a protest against delays in reuniting with relatives in Germany. Some of the refugees, who say they have been in Greece for over a year, said they had begun a hunger strike.  Our family ties our stronger than your illegal agreements,  read a banner held up by one woman, referring to deals on refugees between European Union nations. Greek media have reported that Greece and Germany informally agreed in May to slow down refugee reunification, stranding families in Greece for months after they fled Syria s civil war. Greece denies this.  What we ve managed to do on family reunification is to have an increase of about 27 percent this year compared with last year, even though we re accused of cutting back family reunification and doing deals to cut back family reunification,  Migration Minister Yannis Mouzalas told reporters. Mouzalas said Greece had assurances from Germany that refugees whose applications have been accepted will eventually go to Germany even if there are delays. He denied that refugees had to pay for their flights.  Applications for asylum, reunification and relocation to other European countries can take months to be processed.  I have not seen my husband, my child, for more than one year and nine months,  said 32-year-old Syrian Dalal Rashou, who has five children, one of whom is in Germany with her husband.  I miss him and every day I am here in Greece I cry. I don t want to stay here, I want to go to my husband  she said. About 60,000 refugees and migrants, mostly Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis, have become stranded in Greece after border closures in the Balkans halted the onward journey many planned to take to central and western Europe. Some 25,000 refugees and migrants have crossed to Greece from Turkey this year - a fraction of the nearly 1 million arrivals in 2015 - but arrivals have picked up in recent months. An average of 214 people arrived each day in September, up from 156 in August, 87 in July and 56 in March, Mouzalas said. The rise has stretched Greek island camps, which are struggling to cope with numbers two to three times their capacity. Most new arrivals are women and children, according to United Nations data. Mouzalas said the government was in talks with local authorities to move refugees and migrants to local accommodation, including hotels, and it also planned to increase the capacity of some facilities.   ",1
14890,British PM May pledges to protect Europe from Russian threats,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday the government would maintain its commitment to protecting Europe after Brexit as she accused Russia of military aggression and meddling in elections.  The prime minister said Britain would continue to provide assistance to states that were victims of aggression.  The UK will remain unconditionally committed to maintaining Europe s security,  May said in a speech at the Guildhall in London s financial district.  The comprehensive new economic partnership we seek will underpin our shared commitment to open economies and free societies in the face of those who seek to undermine them.   The British government is playing one its strongest cards in the Brexit negotiations by offering to put its defense and security assets at the disposal of the EU in the hope of winning concessions on future trading and economic relations. The country has bigger defense budgets than any other EU member state and its diplomatic and intelligence services are among the most extensive in Europe. Its government also argues it is one of the leading EU contributors to a range of security measures, such as data and evidence sharing, extradition measures and to the EU s police agency Europol. May on Monday accused Russia of fomenting violence in eastern Ukraine, of repeatedly violating the national airspace of several European countries, and mounting a campaign of cyber attacks. She also accused Russia of meddling in elections and hacking the Danish defense ministry, the German parliament and its state-media of planting fake stories and photo-shopped images in an attempt to undermine western institutions. May said the government is working to reform NATO so it is better placed to counter Russian hostility and has stepped up military and economic support to Ukraine.  We will take the necessary actions to counter Russian activity,  she said. May also said she wanted better relations with Russia if it worked to promote peace.   Russia can, and I hope one day will, choose this different path,  she said.  But for as long as Russia does not, we will act together to protect our interests and the international order on which they depend.  ",1
14891,Arab countries in row with Qatar are not interested in solution: Emir,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said on Tuesday that Arab states that had imposed sanctions on his country in June over allegations of supporting terrorism were not interested in a solution to the crisis. Speaking to members of the Gulf Arab state s Shoura Council, Tamim said his government was preparing for elections to the consultative body. The necessary legislation would be ready in 2018. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, accusing Doha of financing terrorism and cozying up to their arch-rival Iran. Qatar denies the charges.  We express our readiness for a compromise within the framework of a dialogue based on mutual respect for sovereignty and common obligations, but on the other hand we recognize that the indicators that come from the blockade states show they do not want to reach a solution,  Tamim said. The four countries have  put pressure and published rumors and fabrications  against Qatar hosting the World Cup in 2022. Tamim, who assumed office in 2013 after his father stepped down, also said his government was currently working on the instruments needed for elections, which he said would be ready in 2018. Plans for elections to the 45-member body originally envisaged for 2013 were never carried out. In his speech, Tamim also said his government was focusing on completing strategic projects to help the country cope with the sanctions imposed by its neighbors, including ports, water and food security, and to encourage investments. ",1
14892,"China calls for advancing free trade talks with South Korea, Japan","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang called on Tuesday for advancing free trade agreement talks between China, Japan and South Korea, state news agency Xinhua reported. It provided no details but China has been seeking to get relations with Japan and South Korea back on track after disputes over how to rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programmes, and, in Japan s case, over the two countries  sensitive wartime history.  China stands ready to work with relevant parties to speed up negotiations of the China-Japan-South Korea FTA,  Li told a regional summit in Manila, Xinhua said. The three countries began free trade agreement talks in November 2012, with the latest round of talks being held in Tokyo in April, the report added. ",1
14893,Kuwait tells Aoun it supports Lebanese sovereignty,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kuwait s ambassador to Lebanon told President Michel Aoun the Gulf monarchy supports his efforts to overcome the  delicate situation  and stands by Lebanese sovereignty, Aoun said in a tweet on Tuesday. Lebanon s Saudi-allied Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri declared his resignation on Nov. 4 in a broadcast from Riyadh, throwing Lebanon into political crisis. Saudi Arabia, an ally of Kuwait, has accused Lebanon of declaring war on it because of the influence of Iran-backed Hezbollah, and has advised Saudi citizens to leave Lebanon.  ",1
14894,Mongolian sumo champ apologizes after media reports beer bottle assault on fellow wrestler,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Mongolian sumo grand champion Harumafuji on Tuesday apologized for injuring a fellow wrestler who media said suffered a fractured skull after being hit with a beer bottle in the latest scandal to engulf the closed, hierarchical sumo society.  Harumafuji, 33, hit Takanoiwa on the head last month at a party of sumo wrestlers from Mongolia, public broadcaster NHK quoted unnamed sources affiliated with the Japan Sumo Association as saying. Takanoiwa, 27, is not taking part in the 15-day tournament that started on Sunday in Fukuoka, western Japan, due to the fracture, concussion and several other injuries, according to the association s Twitter entry. Takanoiwa told the association it would take two weeks for the injuries to heal, NHK and other media said. The association said Harumafuji would sit out the tournament and that it was looking into the matter.  As for Takanoiwa s injuries, I apologize deeply for causing trouble for stable master Takanohana, people affiliated with Takanohana stable, the Sumo Association and my stable master,  NHK showed Harumafuji telling reporters. He declined to give details of the assault, NHK said.   Takanoiwa belongs to a stable led by former grand champion Takanohana. The stable master has already reported the incident to police, Kyodo news agency said. It was not immediately clear if Harumafuji would be charged.   No one was available for comment at Harumafuji s or Takanoiwa s stable.        In 2010, former stable master Tokitsukaze was sentenced to fives years in prison for instructing seniors to beat up a novice 17-year-old wrestler. The same year, grand champion Asashoryu, also from Mongolia, retired from the ancient sport following a probe into reports of a drunken scuffle in Tokyo. ",1
14895,Nepal scraps $2.5 billion hydropower plant deal with Chinese company,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal has scrapped a $2.5 billion deal with China Gezhouba Group Corporation to build the country s biggest hydropower plant, citing lapses in the award process, the energy minister said.  The cabinet has canceled the irregular ... agreement with Gezhouba Group to build the Budhi Gandaki hydroelectric project,  Energy Minister Kamal Thapa, who is also the country s deputy prime minister, said on Monday in a twitter post in Nepali after a cabinet meeting. He did not give further details. Nepal s rivers, cascading from the snow-capped Himalayas, have vast, untapped potential for hydropower generation, but a lack of funds and technology has made Nepal lean on neighbor India to meet annual demand of 1,400 megawatts (MW). In June, a Maoist-dominated coalition government awarded a contract to China Gezhouba Group Corporation to build a 1,200 MW  plant on the Budhi Gandaki river, about 50 km (32 miles) west of Kathmandu, to address acute power shortages. Critics say the $2.5 billion project was handed to the Chinese company without any competitive bidding, which is required by law, and a parliamentary panel asked the government that succeeded the Maoist-led coalition to scrap the deal. Speaking in Beijing on Tuesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said he was unaware of the reports but said China maintained very good relations with Nepal and enjoyed cooperation in many areas and projects. Gezhouba did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment and did not answer telephone calls. China and India jostle for influence with aid and investment in infrastructure projects in Nepal. Kathmandu has cleared a 750 MW project to be built on the West Seti River in the western part of the country by China s state-owned Three Gorges International Corp. It has also permitted two Indian companies - GMR Group and Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam Limited - to build one hydropower plant each, both capable of generating 900 MW of power each, mainly to be exported to India. ",1
14896,"Trump skips East Asia leaders Summit, sends Tillerson instead","MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump left the Philippines on Tuesday without attending an annual East Asia Summit, due to delays in the schedule of the program of meetings. Trump told reporters on Air Force One that he delivered his prepared remarks during a lunch with the leaders instead. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would attend Tuesday s summit in his place, a senior White House official said, adding the event was running too late.  The meetings in Manila were approximately 90 minutes behind schedule. ",1
14897,"Afghans believe country headed in wrong direction, but optimism rising slightly: survey","KABUL (Reuters) - More than 60 percent of Afghans still believe the country is headed in the wrong direction, but signs of better governance and rebuilding has slightly lifted the national mood, according to a survey by the Asia Foundation. Just over half of the 10,000 people surveyed said they had confidence in President Ashraf Ghani s government, which has struggled to establish security in the face of a growing Taliban insurgency. Last year, just under half of Afghans said they had confidence in Ghani. However, nearly 39 percent of those surveyed said they would be willing to leave if they had the opportunity, the second highest figure in the survey s more than decade-long history. The main reason was increased security concerns. More than 70 percent of Afghans fear for their personal safety. Attacks are up across the country. In May, more than 150 people were killed by a blast in Kabul s diplomatic zone - one of the deadliest since the Taliban s ouster in 2001. On the day the survey was released, more than 20 policemen were killed in fighting with Taliban insurgents in the southern province of Kandahar. The survey which was conducted in all 34 provinces of Afghanistan in July, primarily in rural households, pointed to a mixed picture, with steady gains in education and health over the past decade and a half matched by continuing concern over corruption, unemployment and security. Around a third of Afghans, or 33 percent, believe the country was heading in a positive direction, up slightly from 29.3 percent last year to buck a years-long declining trend.  After a historic decline in 2016, confidence in public institutions has slightly improved; growing confidence in the Afghan National Security Forces stabilized in 2017,  Abdullah Ahmadzai, Asia Foundation s country representative in Afghanistan said in a statement. The increase in optimism applied across ethnic groups except Uzbeks, who make an important minority in Pashtun- and Tajik-dominated Afghanistan. While there was a slight rise in positive sentiment, it was down significantly from a peak in 2013 before the withdrawal of most foreign forces. Back then nearly 60 percent of Afghans were positive about their future. The survey comes as the United States in August announced a boost in U.S. troops to Afghanistan, which could push optimism higher in the coming months. ",1
14898,"Trump says has been clear that U.S. open for trade, if fair, reciprocal","MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he had made clear during his trip to Asia that the United States was open to trading with other countries, but only if conditions were fair for his country. Trade and concern about possible protectionism under Trump s  America First  agenda have come up during his regional visit, which has included stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines.  We ve explained that the United States is open for trade but we want reciprocal, we want fair trade for the United States,  he told reporters in Manila during a summit of Asian leaders, where integrating economies and curbing protectionism has been on the agenda. Trump also said his trip had resulted in at least $300 billion, possibly triple that figure, of deals being agreed. He did not elaborate. ",1
14899,"Taliban attack Afghan checkpoints, killing more than 20 police","KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The Afghan Taliban attacked more than a dozen checkpoints over six hours in the southern province of Kandahar, killing 22 police and wounding 15, officials said on Tuesday, as militants killed eight soldiers in the west in a growing insurgency.  Government forces killed 45 insurgents and wounded 35 and none of the police checkpoints was captured in the overnight attacks, officials said.  Our forces resisted until they received reinforcements and air support,  said Zia Durrani, spokesman for Kandahar s police chief.  The Taliban were defeated.     The Taliban told reporters by WhatsApp that they killed 43 police and members of a militia and destroyed 13 armored vehicles. The insurgents often exaggerate battlefield casualties.       The Taliban, fighting to restore Islamic rule after their 2001 ouster by U.S.-led troops, also attacked Bala Boluk, in the western province of Farah, on Tuesday, killing eight soldiers and wounding three, according to the provincial government. The government s control or influence over the country has fallen to just under 60 percent, down six percentage points from last year, according to the United States  Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. ",1
14900,Australia to introduce safeguards against covert foreign interference,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia said on Tuesday it will introduce reforms by the end of the year to combat foreign interference and covert political influence, which could pose a threat to the economy and political system. The decision to improve safeguards follows a review of Australia s espionage and foreign interference laws and will include legislation to ban foreign political donations, Attorney-General George Brandis told Parliament.  Espionage and covert foreign interference can cause immense harm to our national sovereignty, to the safety of our people, to our economic prosperity, and to the very integrity of Australian democracy,  Brandis said. Policies modeled in part on the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act, requiring individuals or institutions to make a declaration if acting on behalf of a foreign power to influence the political processes, would also be introduced, he said. While Brandis did not mention any countries targeted by the legislation, there has been growing concern about China extending its influence. In June, Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Fairfax Media, publisher of the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age newspapers, reported there had been a concerted campaign by China and its proxies to  infiltrate  the Australian political process and institutions to promote their interests. China dismissed the accusation as  totally unfounded and irresponsible .  This week, one of Australia s largest independent publishers said it decided to delay the publication of a book that alleges widespread Chinese government influence in Australian institutions due to legal concerns.     ",1
14901,"Strong earthquake hits Iraq and Iran, killing more than 450","ANKARA/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Thousands of homeless Iranians huddled against the cold late on Monday, a day after at least 450 people were killed in Iran s deadliest earthquake in more than a decade, state TV said. Rescue teams kept up search operations for dozens trapped beneath the rubble of collapsed houses in towns and villages in the mountainous area of the western province of Kermanshah that borders Iraq.   Iran s English-language Press TV said more than 450 people were killed and 7,000 were injured when the magnitude 7.3 earthquake jolted the country on Sunday. Local officials expected the death toll to climb as search and rescue teams reached remote areas of Iran.  The quake was felt in several provinces of Iran but the hardest hit province was Kermanshah. More than 300 of the victims were in Sarpol-e Zahab county in that province, about 15 km (10 miles) from the Iraq border.  Iranian state television said the quake had caused heavy damage in some villages where houses were made of earthen bricks. The quake also triggered landslides that hindered rescue efforts, officials told state television.  At least 14 provinces in Iran had been affected, Iranian media reported. Iranian media reported that a woman and her baby were pulled out alive from the rubble on Monday in Sarpol-e Zahab, the worst hit area with a population of 85,000. Relief workers said while much aid had been pledged, there was an immediate need for blankets, children s clothes, medicine and large cans to store drinking water. TV aired footage of some people weeping next to corpses shrouded in blankets. Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei offered his condolences on Monday, urging all government agencies to do all they could to help those affected. State TV appealed for blood donations. The government announced one day mourning on Tuesday.  Tempers frayed in the quake-hit area as the search went on for survivors amidst the twisted rubble of collapsed buildings. State TV aired footage of damaged buildings, vehicles under rubble and wounded people wrapped in blankets.  We need a shelter,  a middle-aged man in Sarpol-e Zahab told state TV.  Where is the aid? Where is the help?  His family could not spend another night outside in cold weather, he said.     An Iraqi meteorology official put the quake s magnitude at 6.5, with the epicenter in Penjwin in Iraq s Sulaimaniyah province in the Kurdistan region, close to the main border crossing with Iran. Kurdish health officials said at least six people were killed in Iraq and at least 68 injured, adding that in northern Iraq Kurdish districts seven were killed and 325 wounded. Iraq s health and local officials said the worst-hit area was Darbandikham district, near the border with Iran, where at least 10 houses had collapsed and the district s only hospital was severely damaged.  The situation there is very critical,  Kurdish Health Minister Rekawt Hama Rasheed told Reuters. The district s main hospital was damaged and had no power, Rasheed said, so the injured were taken to Sulaimaniyah for treatment. Homes and buildings had extensive structural damage, he said.  The quake was felt as far south as Baghdad, where many residents rushed from their houses and tall buildings when tremors shook the Iraqi capital.  I was sitting with my kids having dinner and suddenly the building was just dancing in the air,  said Majida Ameer. who ran out of her building with her three children.   I thought at first that it was a huge bomb. But then I heard everyone around me screaming:  Earthquake!  An Iranian local official told state TV that some villages were totally destroyed.   I lost nine members of my family ... they were killed while they slept,  a weeping middle-aged woman told state TV.      Local officials said hundreds of critically wounded people had been transferred to other provinces as Kermanshah s main hospital had been badly damaged.  Iran sits astride major fault lines and is prone to frequent tremors. A magnitude 6.6 quake on Dec. 26, 2003, devastated the historic city of Bam, 1,000 km southeast of Tehran, killing about 31,000 people. Electricity and water was cut off in several Iranian and Iraqi cities, and fears of aftershocks sent thousands of people in both countries out onto the streets and parks in cold weather. Across the area, rescue workers and special teams using sniffer dogs and heat sensors searched wreckage. Blocked roads made it hard for rescue workers to reach some remote villages.  Iranian authorities acknowledged the relief effort was still slow and patchy. More than 70,000 people needed emergency shelter, the head of Iranian Red Crescent said. Hojjat Gharibian, one of hundreds of homeless Iranian survivors, was huddled against the cold with his family in Qasr-e Shirin.   My two children were sleeping when the house started to collapse because of the quake. I took them and ran to the street. We spent hours in the street until aid workers moved us into a school building,  Gharibian told Reuters by telephone.   Iran s police, Revolutionary Guards and Basij militia forces were sent to quake-hit areas overnight, state TV reported. Aid workers handed out water to people, while bulldozers worked to clear the streets in damaged areas.  A local official said aftershocks slowed down erecting tents for homeless people but electricity had been restored in most of the quake-hit areas.    The main problem is sheltering people at this cold weather. We need more tents,  Qasr-e Shririn governor Faramarz Akbari told TV.          ",1
14902,Exclusive: Kremlin tells companies to deliver good news,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin wants good news.  The Russian leadership has told major companies to supply it with news stories that put its stewardship of the country in a positive light, according to documents seen by Reuters.  A seven-page document spelled out the kind of articles required, with a focus on new jobs, scientific achievements and new infrastructure, especially those involving state support. It also detailed how the stories should be presented, and gave a weekly deadline for submissions.  The instructions were sent last month by the energy ministry to 45 companies in Russia s energy and utilities sector including Rosneft, Lukoil and Novatek, according to a second document, a list of recipients. The drive coincides with the run-up to a presidential election in March next year when President Vladimir Putin needs a strong mandate with high turnout to maintain his firm grip on power after dominating Russian politics for two decades.  Life for the majority of people has become calmer, more comfortable, more attractive. But many such examples often escape the media s attention,  said the first document.  Our task, through a creative and painstaking approach, is to select such topics and subjects and offer them to the media.  That document, which did not mention the election, said the news items to be supplied were to feed a  positive news wire  and should correspond to two themes:  Life is getting better  and  How things were; how they are now . Both documents were attached to an invitation, dated Oct. 9, sent by the energy ministry to senior executives in the public relations and government relations departments of the firms, of which 17 are state-controlled and 28 privately-held. The invitation requested they send representatives to an Oct. 12 meeting at the ministry in Moscow to discuss how to help the government s PR effort.  Reuters saw a copy of the invitation and spoke to three executives who received it. According to the invitation, the news initiative was requested by Sergei Kiriyenko, the first deputy chief of staff in the presidential administration.  A spokesman for Kiriyenko did not respond to a request for comment. The energy ministry also did not respond, nor did Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov.  Reuters sent requests for comment to the biggest five companies out of the 45, by market value - state-owned oil major Rosneft, state-owned gas giant Gazprom, private oil companies Lukoil and Surgutneftegaz, and private gas firm Novatek. No responses were received.  NINE-POINT LIST Oil and gas provide Russia s biggest source of revenue and energy firms are among the most powerful companies and biggest employers. Reuters has not found evidence that similar instructions were sent to companies in other sectors. The Oct. 12 meeting was chaired by Deputy Energy Minister Anton Inyutsyn, and an official from the presidential administration was also present, according to one of the sources who attended. The two officials went through and explained the instructions laid out in the seven-page document, said the source, who added that the election was not mentioned. Reuters reported in February that the ministry had enlisted energy companies to give it advance notice about developments that could influence public opinion. The meeting last month and the guidelines circulated in preparation for it show that, since then, the initiative has stepped up into a higher gear, with companies being handed highly specific instructions on how they are expected to help. It was not clear if the companies had acted on the instructions.   The news guidelines document said the government wanted to highlight  victories and achievements .  It included a nine-point list of the kind of news that companies should supply. It asked, for example, for stories about business units  where it s possible to say that state support helped lift them out of crisis, restored modern production, and re-equipped them with new equipment and gave work to local residents . Examples given of the kind of events of interest to the government from elsewhere in the corporate world included state lender Sberbank hiring 700 people in the Volga river city of Togliatti, a festival funded by a company in Kaliningrad region for young people with hearing difficulties and a sports center being opened in Cherkessk, southern Russia. The document also held up the case of Yevgeny Kosmin as an example of a positive news story, a miner in western Siberia whose team extracted 1.6 million tonnes of coal in July this year, a monthly record. That carried echoes of Alexey Stakhanov, a miner who in 1935  extracted almost 15 times more coal during a shift than his quota required. Communist propaganda held Stakhanov up as a symbol of Soviet industrial prowess.  The instructions stipulated that companies should submit positive news stories every week - on the Monday, or Tuesday morning at the latest.  They said the companies should present their items in the format of a table, with new additions highlighted in a colored font, and accompanied by a press release that could be passed on to journalists with minimal editing from government officials. The document also required each company to provide a contact person who could provide extra information to journalists, tell TV news crews how to reach the venue to report on an event, and organize access for news crews to the company s sites. Reuters was not able to establish if the Kremlin had made similarly specific demands of companies in the past.  Putin has not yet declared his intention to seek re-election. Most Kremlin observers say he will. Opinion polls show he will win comfortably, with many voters crediting him with restoring national pride. The Kremlin s biggest headache with the election, scheduled for next March, is ensuring a strong turnout, say many political analysts.  With the economy weak and many people viewing the result as a foregone conclusion, voters may be tempted to stay away from polling stations. A low turnout could undermine Putin s legitimacy in his next term, the analysts say.  ",1
14903,"Canada's Trudeau says raised human rights, killings with Philippines' Duterte","MANILA (Reuters) - Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Tuesday said he raised the issue of human rights and extrajudicial killings during a conversation with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who was  receptive  to his comments. Human rights groups had called on leaders at an Asian summit in Manila to pressure Duterte over the thousands of Filipinos killed during his 16-month-old crackdown on illegal drugs. Trudeau said Canada had a reputation for being frank in discussing issues like the rule of law and human rights with partners everywhere.  I also mentioned human rights, rule of law and specifically extra judicial killings as being an issue that Canada is concerned with,  he told a news conference in Manila.  I will always bring that up. The president was receptive to my comments and it was throughout a very cordial and positive exchange.  ",1
14904,Freeport Indonesia closes mine access road again after shooting,"TIMIKA, Indonesia (Reuters) - The Indonesian unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc closed the main access road to its giant copper mine in the eastern province of Papua on Tuesday for the second time in three days after another shooting incident. A Freeport vehicle was hit by gunfire while it was heading from Tembagapura to Ridge Camp, the company said in a statement, referring to an area where Freeport workers live.  One passenger in the vehicle  suffered a bullet wound to his thigh  but was in a stable condition at a local clinic, according to the statement. Security apparatus were on the scene investigating the incident, it said. One source initially described the vehicle as a  patrol car . The Freeport statement said it was a  light armored vehicle .  It is the second time the access road to the Grasberg mine has been closed since Sunday, and follows a string of shooting incidents since mid-August that have injured at least seven people and killed one police officer.  The violence has escalated security concerns around the mine to their highest level in more than five years.  The separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), a group linked to the Free Papua Movement, has said it is at war with police, military and Freeport. It was not immediately clear if TPN-OPM were behind the latest shootings.  ",1
14905,Top U.S. negotiator arrives in South Korea amid hopes for easing tensions,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The United States  top negotiator with North Korea arrived in South Korea on Tuesday, a visit that comes as hopes rise for an easing of tensions on the peninsula in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit and a lull in missile testing. Special Representative for North Korea Policy Joseph Yun will meet with South Korean and international officials, according to the U.S. State Department, although there is no indication his visit will include talks with the North. Seoul s foreign ministry said Yun is scheduled for talks with his South Korean counterpart Lee Do-hoon on Friday on the sidelines of an international conference on disarmament, jointly hosted by the ministry and the United Nations on the resort island of Jeju.  South Korea-born Yun has been at the heart of reported direct diplomacy in recent months with Kim Jong Un s regime in North Korea, which accelerated its program of nuclear and missile testing earlier this year. Using the so-called  New York channel,  he has been in contact with diplomats at Pyongyang s United Nations mission, a senior State Department official told Reuters in early November. Even as Trump called talks a waste of time, Yun has quietly tried to lower the temperature in a dangerous nuclear stand-off in which each side shows little interest in compromise. In a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations on Oct. 30, Yun reportedly said that if the North halts nuclear and missile tests for about 60 days, it would be a sign that Washington needs to seek a restart of dialogue with Pyongyang.  After several months of unprecedented testing earlier this year, North Korea has not fired a rocket or tested a nuclear weapon since it launched a ballistic missile over Japan on Sept. 15. Some analysts say it is too early to read much into the break in testing, which is the longest lull so far this year, but could align with seasonal cycles. And there is no sign that the behind-the-scenes communications have improved a relationship vexed by North Korea s nuclear and missile tests as well as Trump s heated statements.     During his visit to Seoul last week, Trump warned North Korea he was prepared to use the full range of U.S. military power to stop any attack, but in a more conciliatory appeal than ever before he urged Pyongyang to  make a deal  to end the nuclear standoff. Trump also urged North Korea to  do the right thing  and added that:  I do see some movement , though he declined to elaborate. While his comments seemed to reassure many in South Korea, North Korea s foreign ministry called Trump a  destroyer of the world peace and stability,  and said his  reckless remarks  only made the regime more committed to building up its nuclear force.   Trump muddied the water later on his Asia visit by Tweeting that North Korean leader Kim had insulted him by calling him  old  and said he would never call Kim  short and fat . He also said  it would be very, very nice  if he and Kim became friends.  It is indeed noteworthy that the President, at several junctures, seemed to open the door to negotiations with North Korea,  said David Pressman, a partner at the law firm Boies Schiller Flexner who helped lead North Korea sanctions negotiations as ambassador to the United Nations under former President Barack Obama.  However, it is entirely unclear if the President s suggestions are reflective of a strategic shift or merely reflective of what the last person he happened to speak with about North Korea said before the President made those comments.  ",1
14906,"Russia, U.S. stalemate over Syria chemical weapons inquiry","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia said on Monday it was talking to the United States about the U.N. Security Council renewing an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria, but Washington countered that Moscow had refused to engage on a U.S.-drafted resolution. The mandate for the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which has found the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack, expires on Friday. Russia vetoed an initial U.S. bid to renew the joint  investigation on Oct. 24, saying it wanted to wait for the release of the latest investigation s report two days later. It has since proposed its own rival draft resolution.  We are talking to the U.S., it s not over yet,  Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told reporters on Monday.  The inquiry s report found the Syrian government was responsible for the April 4 attack using sarin in the opposition-held town of Khan Sheikhoun, killing dozens of people. The Syrian government has denied using chemical weapons.  Russia has refused to engage on our draft resolution   which the vast majority of council members agree is the most viable text   in spite of our multiple attempts to consider Russian concerns,  a spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations said on Monday.   A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France to pass. The council unanimously created the inquiry, known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), in 2015 and renewed it in 2016.  It is important that the JIM is renewed but on an updated mandate because the systemic errors that we saw with the recent report should be corrected and that s the aim of our resolution,  Nebenzia said.  He added that if the mandate of the inquiry was not renewed,  It may send a bad signal, but the way the investigation has been conducted sends an even worse signal.  The JIM previously found that Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas.   The draft text Russia put forward without any negotiation is unhelpful, has no support, and cannot be taken seriously,  said the spokesman for the U.S. mission.  Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. ",1
14907,Google broadens takedown of extremist YouTube videos,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc s Google in the last few months has begun  removing from YouTube extremist videos that do not depict violence or preach hate, YouTube said on Monday, a major policy shift as social media companies face increasing pressure from governments. The new policy affects videos that feature people and groups that have been designated as terrorist by the U.S. or British governments but lack the gory violence or hateful speech that were already barred by YouTube. A YouTube spokesperson, who asked not be named for security reasons, confirmed the policy in response to questions. The company would not specify when the policy went into effect.   As YouTube terms already barred  terrorists  from using the  service, the new policy keeps out videos uploaded by others  that militants likely would try to distribute if they could have accounts, according to the spokesperson. Hundreds of videos of slain al Qaeda recruiter Anwar al-Awlaki lecturing on the history of Islam, recorded long before he advocated violence against the United States, were among those removed under the new policy, the spokesperson said. Governments and human rights groups have pressed YouTube for years to crack down on extremist videos. They argue that the propaganda radicalized viewers and contributed to deadly terror attacks. British Home Secretary Amber Rudd amplified the pressure during visits with tech companies in Silicon Valley in July and a speech in Washington, D.C. last week. European Union and U.S. lawmakers this year have threatened consequences for tech companies if concerns are not addressed.  Legislation could resemble a German law approved in June to fine social media companies 50 million euros ($57 million) if hateful postings are not promptly removed. YouTube said discussions with outside experts prompted the new policy, but it was unclear why the company decided to act only recently. In June, the company announced that  inflammatory religious or supremacist content  that did not violate its policies would be allowed with warning labels and a restriction making them ineligible for ad revenue. At the time, Google General Counsel Kent Walker said in a blog post,  We think this strikes the right balance between free expression and access to information without promoting extremely offensive viewpoints.   The latest step goes farther and was praised by critics such as Paul Barrett, deputy director of the New York University Stern Center for Business and Human Rights.  If the terrorist is in the business of recruiting and inciting people to make violent attacks, you ve got to the draw the line  against any of their content, Barrett said.  The new policy does not affect news clips or educational videos about terrorism. But YouTube will not always have an easy time distinguishing, experts said, pointing to tactics such as overlaying extremist commentary on news footage to get around censors. YouTube has resisted imposing more editorial control because it fears making it harder for important videos to get a wide audience, Juniper Downs, YouTube s global director of public policy, told a San Francisco conference sponsored by the Anti-Defamation League on Monday.   We will lose something very valuable if we completely transform the way these platforms work,  she said during a panel discussion. Internet freedom advocates such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation have urged tech companies to be cautious and transparent in responding to government pressure.  YouTube is relying on government lists of terrorists and terrorist groups for enforcement. Content moderators check the listings and make removal decisions after fielding reports from an automated system, users or partner organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League and The Institute for Strategic Dialogue. Al-Awlaki, whom the U.S. killed in a 2011 drone strike, was designated a terrorist by the U.S. Treasury the year prior. The New York Times first reported the removal of al-Awlaki videos. ",1
14908,"Russia, China, others boycott U.S. meeting at U.N. on Venezuela","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia, China, Egypt and Bolivia boycotted an informal public United Nations Security Council meeting on Venezuela on Monday organized by the United States, saying the 15-member body should not be involved in the situation.  The issue is about meddling with the internal domestic affairs of Venezuela,  Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told reporters, adding that he hoped the country could settle its issues peacefully without any external interference. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the meeting:  The fact that the (Venezuelan) government would go so far as to try and get people not to show up to a meeting is guilt. And that s unfortunate.  Venezuela is suffering from a harsh economic crisis and President Nicolas Maduro s government has clamped down on the opposition, jailing or otherwise barring from office many dissenting leaders and activists. Dozens of people have died in violence since the opposition began a sustained wave of protests in April. Met by rubber bullets, water cannon and tear gas fired by the National Guard, the protesters say the crisis demands an early presidential election that they are sure Maduro would lose. His popularity has been pounded lower by triple-digit inflation and acute food and medicine shortages.  We received pressure from regional partners not to have this meeting,  Haley said.  This goal is not to degrade anyone. This is not to humiliate a region. This is only to lift up the region.  Uruguay s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Luis Bermudez attended the U.N. meeting, but said his country did not believe the situation in Venezuela was a threat to international peace and security.  Venezuela s U.N. Ambassador Rafael Dario Ramirez spoke to reporters as the meeting was being held, flanked by Nebenzia, Chinese Deputy U.N. Ambassador Wu Haitao and Bolivian U.N. Ambassador Sacha Sergio Llorentty Soliz.   The meeting is a hostile and clearly interfering act of the United States that undermines the principle of sovereignty of a member state of the U.N.,  Ramirez said.  We condemn this act of political manipulation.   European Union foreign ministers approved economic sanctions, including an arms embargo, on Venezuela on Monday, saying regional elections last month marred by reported irregularities had deepened the country s crisis. The United States has also imposed targeted sanctions on top Venezuelan officials. The U.N. Security Council also met behind closed doors in May, at Washington s request, to discuss the crisis in Venezuela. ",1
14909,U.S. to fight Islamic State in Syria 'as long as they want to fight': Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military will fight Islamic State in Syria  as long as they want to fight,  Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday, describing a longer-term role for U.S. troops long after the insurgents lose all of the territory they control. As U.S.-backed and Russian-backed forces battle to retake the remaining pockets of Islamic State-held terrain, Mattis said the U.S. military s longer-term objective would be to prevent the return of an  ISIS 2.0.   The enemy hasn t declared that they re done with the area yet, so we ll keep fighting as long as they want to fight,  Mattis said, speaking to reporters at the Pentagon about the future of U.S. operations in Syria. He also stressed the importance of longer-term peace efforts, suggesting U.S. forces aimed to help set the conditions of a diplomatic solution in Syria, now in its seventh year of civil war.  We re not just going to walk away right now before the Geneva process has traction,  he added. U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin affirmed joint efforts to stabilize Syria as its civil war wanes, including with the expansion of a July 7 truce in the southwestern triangle bordering Israel and Jordan. Mattis said he believed the southwestern zone was working, and spoke hopefully about additional areas in the future that might allow for more refugees to return home.  You keep broadening them. Try to (demilitarize) one area then (demilitarize) another and just keep it going, try to do the things that will allow people to return to their homes,  he told reporters at the Pentagon. He declined to enter into specifics about any future zones.  Russia, which has a long-term military garrison in Syria, has said it wants foreign forces to quit the country eventually. Turkey said on Monday the United States had 13 bases in Syria and Russia had five. The U.S-backed Syrian YPG Kurdish militia has said Washington has established seven military bases in areas of northern Syria. The U.S.-led coalition says it does not discuss the location of its forces. One key aim for Washington is to limit Iranian influence in Syria and Iraq, which expanded during the war with Islamic State. ",1
14910,Venezuela offers chocolates but little else to creditors,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s socialist government gifted chocolates to creditors on Monday, but offered no firm proposals at a brief meeting in Caracas that left investors without a clear understanding of the government s strategy to renegotiate $60 billion in debt. President Nicolas Maduro confused investors this month with a vow to continue paying Venezuela s crippling debt, while also seeking to restructure and refinance it. Both restructuring and refinancing appear out of the question, however, due to U.S. sanctions against the crisis-stricken nation. A default would compound Venezuela s dire economic crisis. Monday s short and confused meeting, attended by senior Venezuelan officials blacklisted by the United States, gave no clarity on how Maduro would carry out his plan, bondholders and their representatives who participated said afterwards. That means Venezuela remains with the dilemma of whether to continuing paying debt at the expense of an increasingly hungry and sick population, or defaulting on creditors and burning its bridges to the global financial system.  There was no offer, no terms, no strategy, nothing,  said one bondholder, leaving the meeting that lasted a little over half an hour at the  White Palace , departing with a colorful gift-bag containing Venezuelan chocolates and coffee.  But bond prices maintained last week s rally, with one investor saying there was relief the meeting did not include a default announcement. Nearly $300 million in late interest payments on three bonds - PDVSA 2027, Venezuela 2019 and Venezuela 2024 - was also due on Monday after 30-day grace periods ended. But bondholders appeared unconcerned at the delay, which was due in part to increased bank vigilance of Venezuela transactions.   My expectation is that the coupon payments will come through as well,  said Jan Dehn, Head of Research at Ashmore Investment Management.  We know that these delays exist and why they exist.    About 100 investors, including some bondholders from New York and lawyers representing creditors, entered the  White Palace  via a red carpet and were greeted by a poster of Maduro s predecessor Hugo Chavez at the entrance of the meeting room inside. Chief debt negotiators Vice President Tareck El Aissami and Economy Minister Simon Zerpa - on U.S. sanctions lists for drug and corruption charges respectively - attended the meeting for half an hour. They met with some bondholders, while others stayed out of the room on concerns about penalties for dealing with officials sanctioned by Washington. El Aissami told creditors that Deutsche Bank may soon cut off some financial services to Venezuela, participants said. Deutsche declined to comment. He read a statement protesting unfair treatment by global financial institutions, including U.S. President Donald Trump s sanctions aimed at preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt.  Now Maduro can say:  I showed goodwill, the bondholders showed goodwill ... but unfortunately because Uncle Sam is not playing ball we can t (refinance) ,  said Dehn, who did not attend the meeting.  I m not hugely surprised nothing s come out of that meeting.  Separately, the European Union approved economic sanctions and an arms embargo on Venezuela on Monday, although it has yet to name who will be subject to the sanctions. Markets continue to remain optimistic that Venezuela will service its debts, noting it has made close to $2 billion in payments in the past two weeks, albeit delayed.  Bond prices were up across the board on Monday, with the benchmark 2022 notes issued by state oil firm PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] rising 3.3 percentage points.  The economic implosion has already taken a brutal toll on Venezuelans. Citizens are suffering from malnutrition and preventable diseases because they cannot find food and medicine or cannot afford them because of triple-digit inflation.  The sight of poor Venezuelans eating from garbage bags has become a powerful symbol of decay. It contrasts sharply with the era of Chavez, when high oil prices helped fuel state spending. Halting debt service would free up an additional $1.6 billion in hard currency by the end of the year. Those resources could be used to improve supplies of staple goods as Maduro heads into a presidential election expected for 2018. But the strategy could backfire if met with aggressive lawsuits. A default by PDVSA, which issued about half of the country s outstanding bonds, could ensnare the company s foreign assets such as refineries in legal battles - potentially crimping export revenue. (For a graphic on 'Venezuela's economy' click tmsnrt.rs/2pPJdRb) ",1
14911,Brazilian minister quits in sign of rift in Temer's coalition,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - One of four ministers representing a centrist Brazilian party in President Michel Temer s government resigned on Monday, underscoring a rift between the embattled leader and one of his most powerful coalition partners.  Bruno Araujo said in a resignation letter that while he respected the autonomy Temer had given him as head of the Ministry of Cities, his Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB) no longer supported him remaining in the position.    An intense internal debate within the PSDB is playing out, with younger lawmakers urging it to abandon the scandal-plagued Temer government and elders countering that support should be maintained to provide the stability for the nation. In late October, however, government sources told Reuters that Temer planned to shuffle his cabinet and to push out PSDB members after a majority of its lawmakers in the lower house of Congress voted to put him on trial on allegations of corruption. Temer managed to avoid a trial. Members of the PSDB have said that while they support the economic reforms of the Temer government, they now consider him to be too fragile a leader to attempt an overhaul of the country s pension system, a move that is viewed as key to plugging the government s budget deficit.  The PSDB also plans to stand its own candidate for the presidential election next October, and many of its members want to distance themselves from the deeply unpopular Temer government to better their chances at the polls. ",1
14912,Brazil's president to begin cabinet reshuffle: press office,"BRAS LIA (Reuters) - Brazil s President Michel Temer will start a cabinet reshuffle that should be completed in mid-December, his press office said on Monday without providing a reason for the change. The announcement came after the resignation on Monday of Bruno Araujo, head of the Ministry of the Cities, one of four ministries held by the centrist PSDB party in Temer s government. PSDB plans to stand its own candidate for the presidential election next October and many of its members want to distance themselves from the unpopular government. ",1
14913,"Erdogan swipes at Russia, U.S. missions in Syria","ANKARA/SOCHI (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan took swipes at U.S. and Russian interventions in Syria on Monday and said if countries truly believed a military solution was impossible, they should withdraw their troops. Russian President Vladimir Putin and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump said in a joint statement on Saturday they would continue to fight against Islamic State in Syria, while agreeing that there was no military solution to the country s wider, six-year-old conflict.  I am having trouble understanding these comments,  Erdogan told reporters before flying to Russia for talks with Putin.  If a military solution is out of the question, then those who say this should pull their troops out.   Then a political method should be sought in Syria, ways to head into elections should be examined... We will discuss these with Putin,  he said. After more than four hours of talks with Putin in the southern Russian resort of Sochi, Erdogan said the two leaders had agreed to focus on a political solution to the conflict.  We agreed that the grounds to focus on a political solution (in Syria) have been formed,  he said. Putin said Russia would continue to work on Syria with Turkey and their efforts were yielding results:  The level of violence has definitely been reduced, favorable conditions are being created for the progression of a inter-Syrian dialogue.  Neither leader went into more specific detail. Asked if the two discussed Erdogan s earlier comments, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the talks were about more complex issues which could not be made public, according to RIA news agency. Turkey has been annoyed by both Russian and U.S. missions in Syria. Before his trip to Russia, Erdogan said both Moscow, which backs President Bashar al-Assad, and Washington, which armed Syrian YPG Kurdish forces Ankara sees as allied to separatists fighting in southeastern Turkey, had set up bases.  The United States said it would completely leave Iraq, but it didn t. The world is not stupid, some realities are being told differently and practiced differently,  he said. He said the United States had 13 bases in Syria and Russia had five. The YPG has said Washington has established seven military bases in areas of northern Syria. The U.S.-led coalition says it does not discuss the location of its forces. Russia has been a strong supporter of Assad, whose removal Erdogan has demanded, and Moscow s military intervention two years ago helped turn the conflict in the Syrian president s favor.  Turkish troops have also fought in Syria to halt the advance of Kurdish YPG forces along its frontier.  We attach great importance to the joint steps Turkey and Russia will take on (the) defense industry,  Erdogan said. His remarks follow Turkey s recently completed purchase of Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems, a defense deal that Turkey s Western allies see as a snub to the NATO alliance. The weapon cannot be integrated into NATO defenses. Ankara says it is making agreements with the Franco-Italian EUROSAM consortium to develop, produce and use its own sources for air defense system. ",1
14914,"EU readies sanctions on Venezuela, approves arms embargo","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union foreign ministers approved economic sanctions, including an arms embargo, on Venezuela on Monday, saying regional elections last month marred by reported irregularities had deepened the country s crisis. Anxious not to push Caracas any closer to economic and political collapse as debt restructuring talks begin, EU governments held back from targeting any individuals. The bloc instead left names for a later stage to try to persuade President Nicholas Maduro to calm the situation.  Everything we do is aimed at seeking dialogue between the government and the opposition to find a democratic and peaceful solution,  Spain s Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis told reporters at a meeting with his counterparts where the sanctions decision was made. Venezuelan opposition leaders said last week they would resume efforts to hold a dialogue with Maduro, even though they say he previously used such talks to stall for time instead of implementing serious reform. Over the weekend, Maduro had termed imminent sanctions by the bloc as  stupid.   On Monday, his government said the  illegal  and  absurd  EU measures were a violation of international norms.   The European institutions show their lamentable and shameful subordination to the U.S. government,  it added. Spain has long pushed for sanctions on those close to Maduro, whom Washington accuses of installing a dictatorship and slapped sanctions on in July. But the EU has been divided over whom to target. The arms embargo adds Venezuela to an EU list that includes North Korea and Syria, where European defense companies can no longer do business and to which the sale of any goods deemed as being used for repression are also banned. Britain sold 1.4 million pounds ($1.83 million) worth of arms to Venezuela between May 2010 and March 2017, according to The Campaign Against Arms Trade (CAAT), which lobbies to end arms sales to repressive governments. In a joint statement, all 28 EU ministers said the legal basis for individual travel bans to the EU and the freezing of any Venezuelan assets in the bloc  will be used in a gradual and flexible manner and can be expanded.  Representatives of Maduro s government were due to meet investors in Caracas on Monday to discuss renegotiating $60 billion in foreign debt. Some EU governments want to give former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, the EU s main envoy for Venezuela, another chance to try negotiations despite unsuccessful efforts in 2016. But in the statement, ministers said regional elections held in Venezuela on Oct. 15 were a turning point that had hardened the bloc s position, having taken place amid  reported numerous irregularities.   The results appeared to favor Maduro s ruling Socialists, while polls had suggested the opposition would easily win a majority. In the end it won only a handful of governorships, according to the pro-government electoral board. EU ministers will decide whom to target with sanctions at a later stage, but said they would focus on security forces and government ministers and institutions accused of human rights violations and the non-respect of democratic principles or the rule of law. Experts say individual U.S. sanctions spearheaded by U.S. President Donald Trump, while providing strong symbolism, have had little or no impact on Maduro s policies and that oil-sector and financial sanctions may be the only way to force the Venezuelan government to change. ",1
14915,Russia's RT America registers as 'foreign agent' in U.S.,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Kremlin-backed television station RT America registered Monday with the U.S. Department of Justice as a  foreign agent  in the United States, the outlet s editor in chief said and the Department of Justice confirmed later in the day. U.S. intelligence agencies said in a report in January that the television station, which broadcasts on cable in the United States, is  Russia s state-run propaganda machine  and that it contributed to the Kremlin s campaign to interfere with last year s presidential election in favor of Republican Party candidate Donald Trump.  After that report, the Department of Justice insisted that RT America comply with registration requirements under the Foreign Agent Registration Act (FARA). Under the act, RT will be required to disclose financial information.      Moscow has repeatedly denied the allegations of election meddling and said it views the actions against RT as an unfriendly act. But RT s editor in chief, Margarita Simonyan, said on Monday that it would comply with the demand in order to avoid further legal action by the U.S. government.      Between a criminal case and registration, we chose the latter. We congratulate American freedom of speech and all those who still believe in it,  Simonyan said on Twitter. The Department of Justice confirmed that it received a registration from T&R Productions LLC, which has operated studios for RT, hired and paid U.S.-based employees and produced English-language programming.   Americans have a right to know who is acting in the United States to influence the U.S. government or public on behalf of foreign principals,  said acting Assistant Attorney General Dana Boente.  In October, Twitter announced it would no longer allow advertisements from RT and another Kremlin-backed news organization, citing intelligence that the television station participated in efforts to influence the election. FARA requires foreign governments, political parties and the lobbyists and public relations firms they hire in the United States to register with the Department of Justice. FARA was first passed in 1938 in the lead up to World War Two in an effort to combat German propaganda efforts. Foreign government-owned news organizations, including China Daily, the English-language newspaper owned by China s government, register under FARA. The law applies to companies that are owned or controlled by foreign governments. The United States and Russia are engaged in a back-and-forth over  foreign agent  registration.  Russia s parliament warned on Friday that some U.S. and other foreign media could also be declared  foreign agents  in response to the actions against RT, requiring them to regularly declare full details of their funds, financing and staffing. U.S. government-sponsored Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL), CNN and Germany s Deutsche Welle could all be affected by the retaliatory measures, a senior Russian lawmaker said earlier on Monday.   While traveling in Asia, Trump touted the relationship between himself and Russia and posted on Twitter that improved relations with the country would  a good thing, not a bad thing.  ",1
14916,"At U.N., North Korea says U.S. to blame for 'worst ever situation'","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea complained to the United Nations on Monday about joint military exercises by the United State and South Korea, describing it as  the worst ever situation  because U.S. nuclear war equipment had been deployed ready to strike. In a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, seen by Reuters, North Korean U.N. Ambassador Ja Song Nam said the United States was  running amok for war exercises by introducing nuclear war equipment in and around the Korean Peninsula.  Three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups have been involved in the joint exercise in the Western Pacific in a rare show of force as President Donald Trump visits Asia. The last time three U.S. carrier strike groups exercised together in the Western Pacific was in 2007. South Korea has said the joint drill, due to finish on Tuesday, was in response to North Korean nuclear and missile provocations and to show any such developments by Pyongyang can be repelled with  overwhelming force.  However, Ja said Washington was to blame for escalating tensions and accused the U.N. Security Council of ignoring  the nuclear war exercises of the United States who is hell bent on bringing catastrophic disaster to humanity.  Ja asked Guterres to bring to the attention of the 15-member council - under the rarely used Article 99 of the U.N. Charter -  the danger being posed by the U.S. nuclear war exercises, which are clearly threats to international peace and security.  Tensions have soared between the United States and North Korea following a series of weapons tests by Pyongyang and a string of increasingly bellicose exchanges between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Trump said in a tweet on Sunday that Kim had insulted him by calling him  old  and said he would never call the North Korean leader  short and fat.  The United States has said that all options, including military, are on the table to deal with North Korea, although its preference is for a diplomatic solution. The U.N. Security Council has unanimously ratcheted up sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs since 2006. ",1
14917,Saudi anti-graft detainees will get due process: Saudi U.N. envoy,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Saudi royal family members, officials and businessmen arrested in an anti-corruption crackdown this month will be granted due process, Saudi Arabia s U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi said on Monday. Authorities have detained dozens of top Saudis including billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal in a move widely seen as an attempt by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to neuter any opposition to his lightning ascent to power. Those held face accusations of money laundering, extortion, bribery and exploiting public office for personal gain. A Saudi anti-corruption committee has been given the power to seize companies, funds and other assets ahead of criminal inquiries.   I can assure you there will be due process for anybody who is detained,  Al-Mouallimi told reporters at the United Nations.  When asked how many people had been detained, he said:  I do not have a figure to share with you. This is something that the security authorities will announce in due course.  U.S. President Donald Trump has endorsed the crackdown, saying some of those arrested have been  milking  Saudi Arabia for years, though the State Department has urged Riyadh to carry out prosecutions in a  fair and transparent  manner.  Human Rights Watch has also called on Saudi authorities to  immediately reveal the legal and evidentiary basis for each person s detention and make certain that each person detained can exercise their due process rights . (This version of the story corrects Saudi U.N. ambassador s name in paragraphs 1 and 4) ",1
14918,"South Africa's Zuma again denounces ""monopoly"" white economic power","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma reiterated a call on Monday for radical reforms to shift the balance of  monopoly  economic power away from whites who dominated under apartheid, saying without such change blacks would stay poor for a long time. He made the remarks, reiterating a staple criticism leveled by his ruling ANC about South Africa s economy, against the backdrop of widespread allegations of corruption against Zuma and his friends, the Indian-born Gupta brothers. Zuma was responding to a question about his role as an enemy of  white capital , during an interview with the ANN7 news network, which was founded by the Guptas. Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing.   I don t know why there is a debate in fact. Because there is a monopoly capital and in South Africa it is white ... because of our history, it does have a color. It is white,  Zuma, who steps down as head of the ANC in December but can remain head of state until elections due in 2019, said.  Companies that dominate in the mines, there are not many ... You will find the same companies in charge. That means they are monopolizing the economy and they re not black,  he said. The Chamber of Mines in the world s top platinum producer says that in 2016, 39 percent of the sector was owned by  historically disadvantaged South Africans  - meaning non-whites.   Zuma said the policy of  radical economic transformation,  which has also seen moves to change the constitution to allow for the expropriation of land for redistribution to landless blacks, was needed to  correct the past.   The ANC must follow this policy because if you don t, we are going to stay in poverty, in inequality, for a long time.  The frontrunners to replace Zuma at the helm of the ANC are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a trade unionist who amassed a fortune in the world of business, and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, former chair of the African Union and Zuma s ex-wife. Ramaphosa is viewed more favourably by foreign investors, who help cover the country s deficits. Many of them are unsettled by Dlamini-Zuma s calls to radically redistribute wealth and her perceived links to her former husband. In a separate interview on state broadcaster SABC, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe said  state capture is a reality,  referring to allegations that the Guptas and others have undue political influence with access to state resources and contracts under Zuma. Mantashe is regarded as an ally of Ramaphosa with ties that go back to the 1980s when they were involved in the founding of the National Union of Mineworkers. ",1
14919,UK's Johnson makes fuller apology for remarks on jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson issued a second, fuller apology on Monday for remarks about an Iranian-British aid worker jailed in Iran that critics said might have prompted Iran to extend her prison sentence. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Johnson told a parliamentary committee on Nov. 1 that she had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016, contradicting her and her employer, who said she had been on holiday visiting her family.  It was my mistake. I should have been clearer. I apologize for the distress and anguish that has been caused to Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family,  Johnson told lawmakers on Monday.  Our priority now is to do everything we can to get her out of Iran on humanitarian grounds.  On Nov. 7 Johnson said in the course of an exchange with an opposition MP in parliament that  I am sorry if any words of mine have been so taken out of context and so misconstrued as to cause any kind of anxiety for the family.  Opposition British lawmakers had said the remarks could land the aid worker a longer term in jail.  Johnson, whose job has come under pressure over the case, said he would meet Zaghari-Ratcliffe s husband this week, adding that the issue was casting a shadow over relations with Iran.  I shall travel to Iran myself later this year to review the full state of our bilateral relations and to drive home the strength of feeling in this House and in the country at large,  Johnson said. Earlier on Monday, the government said it was considering granting diplomatic protection to Zaghari-Ratcliffe as part of an effort to secure her release from jail. It is unclear how such protection could be offered retrospectively to a dual Iranian-British citizen, or whether such a move could help to secure her release, but a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said it was one option being considered.   The prime minister has been involved with this case from the outset, she s raised it with the Iranian president on at least two occasions, the entire government is working towards securing her release as quickly as possible,  he said. A legal opinion prepared for the human rights charity Redress on Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case said the British government could grant her diplomatic protection as she is  predominantly  a British citizen who has been denied a fair trial. It is unclear how Tehran would view such a step, which would explicitly make Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate an issue in state-to-state relations rather than a purely consular case. Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate become a major political issue in Britain after Johnson made remarks on Nov. 1 that appeared to cast doubt on statements from her employer. The Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News, said she had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.  Iranian state television said Johnson s comments showed Zaghari-Ratcliffe s guilt and that she was involved in spying. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, said the case had become a bargaining chip for Iran in its relations with Britain, and that it would not be helpful for Johnson to resign.  He has asked to come with Johnson on a trip to Tehran planned for later this year and called for her to be given diplomatic protection.  Nazanin is being held because she is British and is being used as a bargaining chip against the UK, now justified by your words,  he said in an article in the Evening Standard newspaper.  Nazanin is no longer simply a consular case as she has been endangered in a deeper way,  he wrote. He added the uncertainty had affected his wife s health and she had gone to hospital for tests after finding lumps on her breasts, which the specialist thought were benign and stress-related. British ministers have rallied round Johnson but one of his allies, Environment Secretary Michael Gove, was accused of muddying the waters in a television interview on Sunday when he said he did not know what Zaghari-Ratcliffe was doing in Iran. ",1
14920,UK's Johnson apologizes for distress caused by remarks on jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Monday apologized for causing distress with remarks about a Iranian-British aid worker jailed in Iran. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the Islamic Republic s clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Johnson said on Nov. 1 that she had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016, contradicting her and her employer, who said she had been on holiday visiting her family.  Of course I apologize for the distress, for the suffering that has been caused by the impression I gave that I believed she was there in a professional capacity. She was there on holiday,  Johnson told parliament.  I do apologize. Of course I retract any suggestion she was there in a professional capacity.  ",1
14921,Brazil resumes murder trial in Samarco mining disaster,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - A court in Brazil decided on Monday to resume criminal proceedings, including consideration of murder charges, related to the 2015 Samarco mine disaster, throwing out a challenge from two defendants claiming that evidence was illegally collected. Vale SA and BHP Billiton Ltd, joint owners of the Samarco iron mine, are part of a group that includes 22 people and two other companies that stand accused of crimes related to a tailing dam that burst.  The burst unleashed a torrent of toxic mud that killed 19 people.  The court in the state of Minas Gerais suspended proceedings in July to consider claims from two Samarco executives who alleged that phone data, instant messages and emails were illegally collected outside of the period legally authorized. The judge ruled certain material based on transcripts of corporate emails and chats to be invalid but that it did not impact the validity of telephone surveillance and other evidence, federal prosecutors said in a statement. ",1
14922,Air strikes kill 29 in market in northern Syria: monitoring group,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitoring group said on Monday that air strikes on a market had killed at least 29 people in a rebel-held area of northwest Syria. Three air raids hit the town of Atareb, west of the city of Aleppo, the Britain-based observatory said. It said the death toll was likely to rise.  Atareb is inside what is known as a  de-escalation  zone under a deal agreed between Turkey, Russia and Iran to reduce violence in the area.  ",1
14923,"Saudi Arabia to host ""expanded"" Syrian opposition conference","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia will host what it called an  expanded  conference for the Syrian opposition this month, aiming to unify its position ahead of United Nations-backed peace talks, the state news agency SPA reported on Monday. Saudi Arabia backs a grouping of opposition figures called the High Negotiations Committee (HNC) led by Riyad Hijab, a former Syrian prime minister under Assad. The HNC has represented the Syrian opposition at previous Geneva talks.  A number of other political opposition groups and figures backed by other countries including Russia and Egypt also exist. It was not clear from SPA s statement which Syrian opposition members would participate in the conference.  The kingdom, a leading backer of Syrian rebels, supports an international agreement on the future of Syria but maintains that President Bashar al-Assad should have no role in any transition to bring the war there to an end. Assad, whose Syrian army forces have been backed by Saudi arch-foes Iran and Hezbollah, has made major gains against opposition forces and Islamic State militants.  Based on the policy of the Kingdom in support of the efforts to establish peace and counter terrorism, and in response to the request of the Syrian opposition, an expanded meeting will be held in the city of Riyadh,  SPA said. Talks set for November 22-24 aim  to bring its parties and platforms closer together and unite its negotiating delegation to resume direct negotiations in Geneva under the auspices of the U.N.  Several rounds of U.N. talks in Geneva between the Damascus government and the opposition have made little progress.  ",1
14924,Macedonia's PM hopes for quick solution to name dispute with Greece,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Macedonia s prime minister said on Monday he hoped Skopje and Athens could soon reach a solution to a decades-long dispute over the former Yugoslav republic s name.  Athens argues that the use of the name Macedonia implies territorial claim over Greece s own northerly region with the same name and has been blocking Skopje s efforts to join NATO and European Union over the issue. But Prime Minister Zoran Zaev said he expected the two sides to move fast to find a solution.   November 21, 20 there will be a first meeting with (U.N. mediator) Matthew Nimetz and I hope we will find a solution rather than postpone it,  Zaev said after meeting his Slovenian counterpart Miro Cerar.  He said he expects Macedonia to start accession talks with the EU next year. The meeting in November will be the first with the U.N. mediator since Zaev took over in June.  The Macedonia name dispute has dragged on for almost 26 years with no clear progress. Athens has previously insisted that Skopje use a compound name such as  New  or  Upper  Macedonia. The former prime minister, nationalist Nikola Gruevski, built his almost decade-long rule on nationalism and had refused to meet Greek demands.  Macedonia, a small ex-Yugoslav republic of about 2 million people, declared independence in 1991 and avoided the violence that accompanied the breakup of Yugoslavia. It was later rocked by an insurgency among its large ethnic Albanian minority that almost tore the country apart in 2001. ",1
14925,Turkey and Russia agrees to focus on political solution in Syria,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey and Russia have agreed to focus on a political solution in Syria, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday. Erdogan said he was glad Turkey had started to send agricultural goods to Russia but wanted the last restrictions on bilateral trade lifted. He was speaking after a meeting with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in the southern Russian city of Sochi. ",1
14926,"Zimbabwe's top general ready ""to step in"" to end purge of ousted VP supporters","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s top general warned on Monday that the military would not hesitate to step in to end purges against former liberation war fighters in President Robert Mugabe s ruling party after Emmerson Mnangagwa was stripped of his vice president s post. General Constantino Chiwenga, commander of Zimbabwe Defence Forces and a political ally of Mnangagwa who was also expelled from the ruling ZANU-PF, said instability in the party was causing anxiety in Zimbabwe. Chiwenga s statement, read out at a news conference packed with army top brass, comes at a time of a deepening rift within ZANU-PF over who will eventually lead the party after the 93-year-old Mugabe goes.  Mnangagwa s removal provides a boost for Grace Mugabe, the wife of the president, who is supported by the largely youthful G40 faction of ZANU-PF to succeed her husband. Chiwenga said ZANU-PF had been hijacked by people who did not fight in the 1970s liberation war, a clear shot at G40 wing and Grace Mugabe who is a vocal critic of Mnangagwa.       We must remind those behind the current treacherous shenanigans that, when it comes to matters of protecting our revolution, the military will not hesitate to step in,  Chiwenga said in a statement read to reporters at the news conference.  The current purging ... targeting members of the party with a liberation background must stop forthwith,  he said.  Mugabe s 37 years in power has been anchored by support from the military, which has always said it will not back anyone for president who did not fight in the liberation war. But the aging leader has been accusing the generals of taking sides in the succession race.  It is rare for the defense forces to publicly take sides in the affairs of ZANU-PF. When Joice Mujuru, a war veteran and Mugabe s deputy of 10 years, was sacked from the ruling party in 2014, the military remained quiet. Political analysts however say the military stayed quiet then because the beneficiary of Mujuru s downfall was the 75-year-old Mnangagwa, a war veteran. Grace, now poised to become a vice president, did not fight in the liberation war. The party appears split over the succession with the G40 faction supporting Grace and another faction, that includes war veterans, rooting for the ousted Mnangagwa. Chiwenga said ZANU-PF had since 2015 been rocked by infighting, which had afflicted the economy, causing serious cash shortages and soaring prices of basic commodities - rare criticism of those in government by the military. Analysts said if Mugabe responded to Chiwenga s statement, he would be compelled to choose sides between war veterans and the young turks rallying behind his wife.  He is in a corner. He has to declare his allegiance. If he condemns that statement, then he is saying therefore I am for the young turks against the war veterans,  said Eldred Masunugure, a political science lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe.  What we are witnessing is the military saying:  We are willing to intervene if the red line is crossed . It is a warning that the political class in ZANU-PF is about to cross that red line.  ",1
14927,"Russia's Putin: our work with Turkey, Iran is producing results in Syria","SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Monday Russia s work with Turkey and Iran was producing concrete results in Syria and creating conditions for a dialogue there. Speaking alongside Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Putin said Russia would continue to work with Turkey to help resolve the Syria crisis.  ",1
14928,Russia and Turkey to launch first Akkuyu reactor in 2023: Putin,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russia and Turkey plan to launch the first reactor at Turkey s Akkuyu nuclear power plant in 2023, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday.  Speaking alongside Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Putin said the Russian state nuclear agency Rosatom would begin work at the Akkuyu site in the near future.  ",1
14929,Nigeria's Buhari to visit heartland of Biafra secessionists,"ABUJA (Reuters) - President Muhammadu Buhari is to visit southeast Nigeria this week, his spokesman said on Monday, his first trip since taking office to a region formerly known as Biafra.  Calls for secession have become increasingly loud in the last few months in parts of the southeast, where the president is deeply unpopular, prompting Buhari to say he will not allow Nigeria to be divided by separatist groups. A million people died in a 1967-70 civil war over the short-lived Republic of Biafra. Buhari, a 74-year-old former military ruler who took office in May 2015, fought in the war as a young soldier on the government side. The spokesman, Garba Shehu, said the president would, as part of his trip, visit the campaign run by his All Progressive Congress party in the state of Anambra ahead of gubernatorial elections in the next few days.   Mr President will be visiting two southeast states of Ebonyi and Anambra,  said Shehu. He said Buhari would leave the capital, Abuja, on Tuesday morning and return the following day.  Tensions in the region rose following the release on bail of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the region s best known secessionist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The government designated the group as a terrorist organization in September, and deployed troops to the region to crack down on secessionists.  Kanu, who was on bail after being charged with treason, has not been seen since Sept. 14, when IPOB says his home was raided by soldiers. The military has denied raiding Kanu s home and has said it is not holding him.  We are yet to know our leader s whereabouts or that of his parents. (Buhari) is not the type of person any governor should be welcoming to their land,  said an IPOB spokesman in a statement that urged the president to  stay away .  A Nigerian minister in September said secessionists in the southeast were sponsored by the government s political opponents. The government has repeatedly rejected the accusation that Buhari, a Muslim northerner, is opposed to the development of the mostly Christian southeast, where people are mainly from the Igbo ethnic group.  Nigeria s 180 million inhabitants are split roughly equally between Christians and Muslims, and around 250 ethnic groups mostly live peacefully side by side. ",1
14930,Bob Geldof calls Aung San Suu Kyi 'handmaiden to genocide',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish musician and activist Bob Geldof called Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi  a hand maiden to genocide  on Monday as he returned his Freedom of the City of Dublin award in protest over his fellow recipient s response to the repression of Rohingya Muslims.  I don t want to be on a very select roll of wonderful people with a killer,  Geldof told state broadcaster RTE.      Someone who is at best a handmaiden to genocide and an accomplice to murder.   More than 600,000 Muslims from Myanmar s Rakhine state have fled to refugee camps in Bangladesh after military operations described by the United Nations as ethnic cleansing. Their plight has drawn outrage around the world. But Suu Kyi, long seen as a champion of human rights, has been criticized for failing to speak out against violence. There have been calls for her to be stripped of the Nobel Peace Prize she won in 1991. Suu Kyi was given the Freedom of Dublin in 1999 while she    was held under house arrest by Mayanmar s then military government. She received her award at a reception in Ireland in 2012, two years after her release.  Her association with our city shames us all and we should have no truck with it, even by default. We honored her, now she appals and shames us,  Geldof said in a statement.  The Lord Mayor of Dublin, Micheal Mac Donncha, said the city council had discussed taking away the honor and the matter was still under review. Last month she was stripped of a similar honor by the British university city of Oxford, where she was an undergraduate.  But Mac Donncha, a councillor for the Irish nationalist Sinn Fein party, also criticized Geldof s gesture, saying it was ironic as Geldof held a British knighthood despite  the shameful record of British imperialism across the globe .  The former Boomtown Rats singer was given an honorary knighted in 1986 in recognition of his charity work, including organizing the 1985 Live Aid concert to help those suffering from starvation and disease in Ethiopia. Other foreign recipients of the Freedom of Dublin include John F. Kennedy, Nelson Mandela and Mikhail Gorbachev. Irish rockers U2, who had campaigned for Suu Kyi s release while she was a political prisoner, also voiced disappointment and said her silence was  starting to look a lot like assent .  Who could have predicted that if more than 600,000 people were fleeing from a brutal army for fear of their lives, the woman who many of us believed would have the clearest and loudest voice on the crisis would go quiet,  the band said in a statement.  For these atrocities against the Rohingya people to be happening on her watch blows our minds and breaks our hearts.  The Myanmar military says it launched the crackdown in response to attacks by Rohingya militants. ",1
14931,Lebanon's president welcomes Hariri's plans to return,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun, who has refused to accept Saad Hariri s resignation as prime minister unless Hariri returns from Saudi Arabia, welcomed comments from Hariri that he plans to come home soon, palace sources and visitors said on Monday. Hariri, who threw Lebanon into political crisis by reading out his resignation on Nov. 4 from Riyadh, gave his first public remarks since then in an interview late on Sunday, saying he planned to return within days. He suggested he could even withdraw his resignation, provided the Shi ite group Hezbollah   allied to Saudi Arabia s regional rival Iran   renounces interference in conflicts across the Middle East. The crisis has thrust tiny Lebanon   where Sunni, Shi ite, Christian and Druze groups with backing from regional powers fought a 1975-1990 civil war   to the forefront of the rivalry between Riyadh and Tehran being played out on battlefields from Syria to Yemen.  Aoun has said he believes Hariri does not have free control over his own movements while in Saudi Arabia, and that this casts doubt on any statements Hariri makes. Nevertheless those close to Aoun said the president welcomed Hariri s comments.  President Aoun expressed his pleasure at Hariri s announcement of his return to Lebanon soon,  a source said. Aoun said that Hariri was  leaving all doors open including rescinding his resignation , according to one of a group of visitors who met Aoun. The visitors declined to be identified while discussing the closed-door conversations. The visitors quoted Aoun as saying that Hariri s remarks showed that the political deal underpinning Lebanon s coalition government   which includes both Hariri s Sunni party and the heavily armed Shi ite movement Hezbollah   still stands. Aoun has been convening high level meetings with Lebanese politicians and diplomats since Hariri stepped down, and the visitors said the president believed that Hariri s comments showed such efforts were working. Nearly 24 hours after Hariri s interview, which appeared on a TV station he owns, Hezbollah had still not commented on his remarks. Hezbollah s allies in Iran said Hariri s remarks gave hope he would return to Lebanon. In his resignation speech Hariri, whose father, also a former prime minister, was killed by a bomb in 2005, said he feared assassination. He said in his interview eight days later that he was free to leave Saudi Arabia but that his movements were also guided by concern for his family s safety. Hariri s Future Movement political party said on Monday it saw his plan to return to Beirut within days as a  good sign  and a step on the road to repairing Lebanon s foreign relations.  In a televised statement, Future Movement lawmaker Ammar Houri said it supported Hariri s statement that Lebanon should stay out of regional conflicts and reject Iran s interference. Saudi Arabia denies that it coerced Hariri into resigning or has kept him from leaving. It has accused Lebanon of declaring war on it because of Hezbollah, and has advised Saudi citizens to leave Lebanon. Hezbollah says it was the Saudis who have declared war on Lebanon. Hariri s comments encouraged a recovery on Monday in Lebanese dollar bonds, which slumped last week. ",1
14932,EU signs defense pact in decades-long quest,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France and Germany edged toward achieving a 70-year-old ambition to integrate European defenses on Monday, signing a pact with 21 other EU governments to fund, develop and deploy armed forces after Britain s decision to quit the bloc. First proposed in the 1950s and long resisted by Britain, European defense planning, operations and weapons development now stands its best chance in years as London steps aside and the United States pushes Europe to pay more for its security. Foreign and defense ministers gathered at a signing ceremony in Brussels to represent 23 EU governments joining the pact, paving the way for EU leaders to sign it in December.  Those governments will for the first time legally bind themselves into joint projects as well as pledging to increase defense spending and contribute to rapid deployments.  Today we are taking a historic step,  Germany s Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told reporters.  We are agreeing on the future cooperation on security and defense issues ... it s really a milestone in European development,  he said. The pact includes all EU governments except Britain, which is leaving the bloc, Denmark, which has opted out of defense matters, Ireland, Portugal and Malta. Traditionally neutral Austria was a late addition to the pact.   Paris originally wanted a vanguard of EU countries to bring money and assets to French-led military missions and projects, while Berlin has sought to be more inclusive, which could reduce effectiveness. Its backers say that if successful, the formal club of 23 members will give the European Union a more coherent role in tackling international crises and end the kind of shortcomings seen in Libya in 2011, when European allies relied on the United States for air power and munitions. Unlike past attempts, the U.S.-led NATO alliance backs the project, aiming to benefit from stronger militaries. The club will be backed by a 5-billion-euro defense fund for buying weapons, a special fund to finance operations and money from the EU s common budget for defense research. Members will also be required to submit national plans and be subject to a review system identifying weak spots in European armies with the goal of plugging those gaps together. Many governments say Russia s seizure of Ukraine s Crimea in 2014 was a turning point, after years of defense spending cuts that left Europe without vital capabilities.   This is a commitment for countries to do better together,  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said.  It comes at a time of significant tension,  he said, referring indirectly to Russia s rising military reach and Islamic militants who have attacked European cities. Despite an Anglo-French-led EU defense integration effort in 1998, Britain blocked formal collaboration on military matters, wary of the creation of an EU army. Defense integration was revived by France and Germany, with support from Italy and Spain, in a show of unity after Britons voted to leave the EU in June 2016. The EU had struggled in military and humanitarian missions in the Balkans, Libya and in Africa over the past 20 years and were caught off guard by Russia s Crimea annexation. As the EU initiative, known as Permanent Structured Cooperation, has gained momentum, British officials have been pressing for involvement. Britain s aerospace industry and its biggest defense firm BAE Systems (BAES.L) fear losing out, diplomats said.  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson likened London s support to Gothic architecture, saying:  We are there, like a flying buttress to support the cathedral,  he told reporters.  In a possible compromise, Britain may be able to join in, but only on an exceptional basis if it provides substantial funds and expertise. ",1
14933,Freeport Indonesia reopens mine access after shootings,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The Indonesian unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc has reopened the main supply route to its huge copper mine in Papua, the company said on Monday, after the road was closed on Sunday following a shooting incident in the area.  No one was reported injured when shots were fired at an escort vehicle traveling from the lowlands, but Freeport canceled all convoys along the road on Sunday afternoon while the security situation was assessed.  Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said the temporary closure has had no impact on production at the world s second-biggest copper mine.  The incident was the latest in a string of shootings near the mine since mid-August that have killed one police officer and wounded at least six others. Authorities have declared a state of emergency and stepped up security in the area around Tembagapura village, about 10 km from the mine.  The separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), a group linked to the Free Papua Movement, has said it is at war with police, military and Freeport. It was not immediately clear if TPN-OPM was behind Sunday s shooting.  Police in Indonesia s eastern-most province on Sunday said they would issue a notice to an  armed criminal group  that authorities say are occupying villages in Mimika regency, where Freeport s Grasberg mine is located, and demand that rebels surrender their weapons and turn themselves in.  Timika Police chief Victor Mackbon said they were investigating reports that an employee of PT Freeport had been kidnapped by an armed criminal group. Freeport spokesman Pratama said he could not confirm the reports of a kidnapping. He also said he could not confirm police reports that a Freeport excavator had been used by the group to dig up a road to Banti, one of the villages authorities said was occupied by the rebel group.  Freeport is  deeply concerned  about the escalation of violence, Pratama said, adding that the company was working with authorities to ensure the safety of its workers and the local community.  Grasberg workers have become  uneasy  amid the security concerns, union representative Tri Puspital told Reuters, urging police to handle the matter more carefully. Despite a long history of shooting incidents in the region, efforts to end the violence had been  sporadic, and not effective,  Puspital said, but warned that a  hard  approach could further escalation.  Part of the problem is a perception locally that most of the benefits from Grasberg go to the  political elite , he said.  About 200 officers were standing by to secure the area by force if necessary, police officials said.  Papua has had a long-running, and sometimes violent, separatist movement since the province was incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticized 1969 U.N.-backed referendum.  Foreign journalists have in the past required special permission to report in Papua, and once there, have had security forces restrict their movement and work.  President Joko Widodo has pledged to make the region more accessible to foreign media by inviting reporters on government-sponsored trips, although coverage remains difficult.  ",1
14934,France pays tribute to Paris dead two years on,"PARIS (Reuters) - France, still on alert against militant Islamist attacks, paid tribute on Monday to 130 people killed when gunmen and suicide bombers attacked Paris two years ago. Flowers were laid and victims names read out at otherwise silent homage ceremonies in the presence of President Emmanuel Macron at the six sites struck on Nov. 13 2015 in attacks for which the Islamist State group claimed responsibility. Macron, whose government has implemented legislation giving police and intelligence agents wider wiretap, search and arrest powers in an attempt to avert more attacks, was accompanied by other politicians including Francois Hollande, president at the time of the Paris attacks. More than 240 people have died in the past three years in attacks commissioned or inspired by Islamic State, which has urged followers to attack France and other countries involved in military efforts to oust it from swathes of Syria and Iraq. Dozens more have been killed in similar attacks in Europe, primarily in Belgium, Britain, and also in Spain more recently.  The threat level remains high,  Prime Minister Edouard Philippe told public radio station France Inter. The government says 30 planned attacks have been thwarted in the past two years. Police and intelligence services are working flat-out to cope with the challenge of religious radicalization and further attacks. Hundreds of French citizens have left France, a traditionally Roman Catholic country where about one in six people are Muslims, to fight as jihadists for the Islamist State, which declared a caliphate . ",1
14935,Greens hold out on climate in German coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Environmental policy dominated negotiations on forming a new German coalition on Monday, as the Greens pushed their would-be partners for a quicker exit from coal power. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, who lost seats in last month s election, hope a deal with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens will keep her in office, but the unlikely partners are far apart on a host of issues. Merkel urged party leaders at the weekend to show more willingness to compromise after three weeks of exploratory talks also failed to paper over differences on transport, immigration and euro zone governance.  What s lying on the table isn t enough for us,  said Greens chairwoman Simone Peter in response to a suggestion by the two other camps that 10 coal-fired power stations be shuttered. The Greens are holding out for carbon dioxide emissions cuts that would require the closing of 20 coal plants. Earlier, a discussion paper seen by Reuters showed that the two more pro-business partners wanted to cut coal power by 3-5 gigawatts by 2020. The ecologists wanted an 8-10 gigawatt cut. Peter told reporters that the Greens disagreed on the size of cuts in carbon dioxide emissions that were needed by 2020. The conservatives and the FDP believed cuts of up to 66 million tonnes were needed by 2020, while the Greens believed cuts of up to 120 million could be needed. (This version of the story changes day to Monday in par 1) ",1
14936,Iran says it does not interfere in Lebanese state affairs: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday that it does not interfere in Lebanon and that comments on Sunday by Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanese prime minister nine days ago, gave hope he would soon return to his country, state TV reported. The resignation of the Saudi-allied Hariri s and its aftermath have put Lebanon back to the forefront of the conflict between Shi ite-led Iran and its regional Sunni rival Saudi Arabia.  Riyadh blames Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah for the resignation, accusing it of hijacking Lebanese politics. Tehran has accused Riyadh and its allies of trying to stoke tension in the Middle East. In a television interview on Sunday, Hariri said he would return to Lebanon within days and held out the possibility he could rescind his resignation if Hezbollah agreed to stay out of regional conflicts such as Yemen. The comments were his first in public since he quit from Riyadh on Nov. 4.   Hariri s remarks on Sunday gave small hope of the possibility of his return to Lebanon...Iran does not interfere in Lebanon s affairs,  Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by state TV.  Lebanese President Michel Aoun refused to accept Hariri s resignation unless he tendered it in person in Lebanon. ",1
14937,"Trump vaunts trade progress, red carpets on 'fruitful' Asia trip","MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he had made significant progress on trade issues during a fruitful trip across Asia that saw governments roll out red carpets  like nobody has ever seen .  We ve made some very big steps with respect to trade, far bigger than anything you know,  Trump told reporters in Manila on the sidelines of a summit with leaders of Southeast Asian and East Asian nations. He did not give details of his achievements on trade matters during a tour that took him to Japan, South Korea, China and Vietnam before his last leg in the Philippines capital. He said a statement would be issued from the White House on Wednesday about North Korea, and on trade, key issues of a trip he described as fruitful.  It was red carpet like nobody, I think, has probably ever seen,  he said. In Vietnam at the weekend, Trump and leaders of Pacific Rim nations agreed to address  unfair trade practices  and  market- distorting subsidies , a statement that bore the imprint of Trump s efforts to reshape the global trade landscape. His  America First  vision has upset a traditional consensus favoring multinational trade pacts that China now champions. On the sidelines of the Vietnam meeting, 11 countries kept alive a Trans Pacific trade deal whose future was thrown into doubt when Trump withdrew from it in the name of protecting American jobs. Chinese President Xi Jinping told the summit in Vietnam that Asia-Pacific nations must  uphold multilateralism , countering Trump s message that the United States would stay out of trade deals that surrender its sovereignty. Trump, by contrast, blasted the World Trade Organization and multilateral trade deals during his tour. Some analysts expect tougher U.S. action may be imminent to fight trade imbalances with China exacerbated by its state-led economic model.    ",1
14938,"Weaker than ever, May faces test in UK parliament over Brexit plans","LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s blueprint for Britain s exit from the European Union faces a crucial test starting on Tuesday, when lawmakers try to win concessions from a weakened leader on the government s legislation to sever ties. It is yet another battle for May after scandals and gaffes that have brought questions about her leadership into the open. As many as 40 of her lawmakers would support a no-confidence motion against her, according to the Sunday Times newspaper. But many sources in her governing Conservative Party say now is not the time to force her out because despite backing Britain remaining in the EU, even if reluctantly, they think she is still the best option to deliver Brexit. That makes the debates over EU withdrawal bill all the more important as a test of her ability to steer through legislation she says is crucial to give companies confidence that the rules will not change when Britain leaves in March 2019. With the power balanced in favor of lawmakers rather than the government after the Conservatives lost their majority in a June election, many - even within the party - will use the debate over coming weeks to put the pressure on.   We have no intention of parliament being a bystander, we are a key participant in this process,  said Hilary Benn, a lawmaker from the opposition Labour Party who is chair of the Brexit parliamentary committee.  In the end we are going to have to vote on the final deal, and the outcome of the election and the balance of votes in the House of Commons now really does bring that home,  he told the Institute for Government thinktank earlier this month.  The public debate in parliament on Tuesday is the first of eight to discuss the bill before it goes on to other legislative stages. The schedule will be determined by the House of Commons  over the course of the debates.  Lawmakers have proposed 186 pages of amendments to the bill, which largely  copy and paste  EU rules and regulations into British law but also, critics say, hand the government wide-ranging powers and cut parliament out of some Brexit planning. The bill is separate from negotiations going on in Brussels, but the EU will want to see how many and which amendments are passed and will regard the showdown as a test of May s strength at home. May is under pressure to make progress with the EU at a summit in December after growing European frustration over Britain s refusal to say how much it thinks it should pay to leave. The amendments include one to stop the government from adopting the so-called Henry VIII powers, named after the 16th century monarch who ruled by proclamation, which allow the government to amend laws being transposed from EU law. Other amendments address criticism that parliament will not get a  meaningful vote  on the deal eventually agreed with the EU, and press the government to enshrine in law the EU protections Britons now enjoy such as workers rights and environmental protections. May s government has taken some of the fire out of the proposed challenges by signaling it is willing to bend on the Henry VIII powers, and on Monday, her Brexit minister David Davis said parliament would be offered a new vote on the final Brexit deal.  The first debate will cover the part of the bill that repeals the 1972 European Communities Act on the retention, conversion and interpretation of existing EU laws, and EU rights.  Getting parliamentary scrutiny is a winner. The government will change position because it doesn t want a defeat,  said one Conservative lawmaker, speaking on condition of anonymity. But other issues, such as the push for a vote in parliament on the EU deal which could force the government back to the negotiating table, or even possibly overturn Brexit, present huge challenges. The debate comes at a new low point for May since she was made prime minister after Britain voted for Brexit last June.  She has lost two ministers in a week, and her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, is under pressure from the opposition to resign over comments about a jailed aid worker in Iran, a case further complicated at the weekend by Gove, his ally.     On Monday, Keir Starmer, the Brexit spokesman for the Labour Party, launched a new bid to derail the withdrawal legislation, saying May s policy to end the jurisdiction of the EU court - the European Court of Justice - was incompatible with her own policy for a smooth transition after Brexit.  Over recent weeks, it has become increasingly clear that you alone do not have the authority to deliver a transitional deal with Europe and to take the necessary steps to protect jobs and the economy,  he wrote in an open letter to May. ",1
14939,UK minister offers parliament new vote on any Brexit deal,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Brexit minister David Davis said on Monday the government would allow parliament the opportunity to debate, scrutinize and vote on any final Brexit agreement, offering a concession to Conservative Party rebels. Prime Minister Theresa May is under pressure to offer a  meaningful vote  on any deal for Britain s departure from the European Union.  Members of her own party are willing to vote against the government to stymie a bill which she says is needed to sever ties with the bloc.  I can now confirm that once we ve reached an agreement we will bring forward a specific piece of primary legislation to implement that agreement,  Davis told parliament.  This also means that parliament will be given time to debate, scrutinize and vote on the final agreement we strike with the European Union. This agreement will only hold if parliament approves it.  May s blueprint for Britain s exit from the EU faces a crucial test starting on Tuesday, when lawmakers will debate the EU withdrawal bill that she says is crucial to give companies confidence that the rules will not change after Brexit. Lawmakers have proposed 186 pages of amendments to the bill, which largely  copy and paste  EU rules and regulations into British law but also, critics say, hand the government wide-ranging powers and cut parliament out of some Brexit planning. Davis said the government would allow parliament the chance to vote on a  withdrawal agreement and implementation bill  once it has secured a Brexit deal with the European Union, which both sides aim to do by late next year.  This confirms that the major policies set out in the withdrawal agreement (with the EU) will be directly implemented into UK law by primary legislation,  he said. Primary legislation means making law by acts of parliament or statute. Some lawmakers welcomed the move, but others said the change in procedure would mean that if Britain failed to negotiate a deal with the EU, parliament would have no say, and that there would not be time for a proper chance to have sway over a deal.  Hasn t he just given the game away on what a sham offer this is? Totally worthless to parliament, essentially trying to buy off people,  Chris Leslie, a member of the opposition Labour Party and a pro-EU campaigner, said. ",1
14940,London authorities failing people displaced by deadly fire: lawmaker,"LONDON (Reuters) - Hundreds of people displaced by a fire that killed about 80 people in London in June are still living in hotels or friends  houses because of a failure by local authorities to rehouse them, the lawmaker representing the area said on Monday. The 24-storey Grenfell Tower, a social housing block in a deprived area within the wealthy borough of Kensington and Chelsea, was destroyed on June 14 in a blaze that left hundreds bereaved and homeless. A criminal investigation is under way into the causes of the fire, while a separate public inquiry is also going on to establish whether there were failures in planning, construction, maintenance or other aspects of the tower s history.  The council and the government are failing in their duty of care to Grenfell survivors, evacuees and near neighbors every day,  said Emma Dent Coad, a member of parliament from the opposition Labour Party who represents Kensington. In a report on housing and inequality in the borough, she wrote that most children displaced by the fire were still in emergency accommodation five months later even though it was unlawful to keep them in such accommodation for longer than six weeks. The Conservative-run local authority, Kensington and Chelsea Council, denied that the slow pace of re-housing people was due to any failure on its part. A spokesman said the process was tailored to the bereaved and going at their own pace. Of the 206 households from the tower itself and from nearby Grenfell Walk who needed new homes, 28 have moved into permanent homes while 49 have moved into temporary ones, the council said. It said a total of 178 children were still in emergency accommodation, including living with friends, in hotels or in serviced apartments. Dent Coad dismissed the suggestion that any of the families were still in emergency accommodation out of choice. She said she had visited many families and they were all desperate to move into a permanent home. The problem, she said, was that they were not being offered suitable homes.  A lot of people are losing their minds,  Dent Coad said, describing visits to families in cramped hotel rooms where children had nowhere to do their homework and parents broke down in tears when they talked about their situation. ",1
14941,Activists to appeal new South African nuclear plant decision,"CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Greenpeace Africa and other NGOs intend to appeal against South Africa s decision to grant an environmental permit for a new 4,000 megawatt nuclear plant close to Cape Town, the activists said on Monday. Last month South Africa s department of environmental affairs granted authorization to state-owned power utility Eskom to build the new plant at Duynefontein, close to the continent s only existing nuclear site Koeberg. South Africa s nuclear regulator said in October that an installation site license for the plant would likely be granted in June, despite the finance minister saying construction of a new plant was unaffordable in a stagnant economy facing further credit downgrades.  If this project goes ahead, it will infringe the environmental rights of both present and future generations. This authorization can and must be challenged,  Penny-Jane Cooke, climate and energy campaigner for Greenpeace Africa, said in a statement. South Africa s nuclear plans are shrouded in controversy and uncertainty, with local activists and the media raising concerns about transparency and costs as well as safety and environmental risks at a time when Pretoria is trying to reduce the economy s heavy reliance on coal power. Nuclear reactor makers including Rosatom, South Korea s Kepco, France s EDF and Areva, Toshiba-owned Westinghouse and China s CGN are eyeing the South African project, which could be worth tens of billions of dollars. ",1
14942,Tanzania investigates ex-minister days after he joins opposition,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania s tourism minister ordered a corruption investigation into his predecessor on Monday, just two weeks after the former post-holder quit the ruling party and joined the opposition. Hamisi Kigwangalla, in charge of regulating one of Tanzania s most lucrative sectors, told parliament he had asked the anti-corruption watchdog to look into allegations of abuse of office by Lazaro Nyalandu. Nyalandu took to Twitter to deny any wrongdoing and called the announcement a smear campaign meant to stop anyone else jumping ship. He quit the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party on Oct 30 and joined the main opposition CHADEMA, citing rights abuses and a weakening of democracy in the east African nation. Rights groups have accused President John Magufuli s government of cracking down on opposition voices, something it denies. Earlier, the government threatened to disband an opposition-controlled municipal council after the body decided to stay in a pro-democracy organization that the country as a whole had left. The northwestern Kigoma Ujiji Municipal Council, run by the relatively small ACT-Wazalendo party, has decided to remain in the Washington-based Open Government Partnership (OGP) despite the central government s withdrawal.  Tanzania joined the OGP in 2011 to promote transparency and accountability in government spending, but withdrew in July, saying it wanted to focus on participation in APRM, a similar peer review system for African governments. At the time it said it wanted to cut down on the time and paperwork involved in taking part in two initiatives.  If they (the council) continue to communicate with OGP as they are doing now, the government will take stern measures ... which may include disbanding the municipal council. Don t force us to go there,  Tanzania s Good Governance Minister, George Mkuchika, said in parliament. The leader of ACT-Wazalendo criticized the announcement.  Forcing it (the municipal council) to withdraw... is unconstitutional because the central government is interfering in the affairs of local government,  he said in a statement. ",1
14943,Netanyahu signals Israel will act with free hand in Syria,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday he has put the United States and Russia on notice that Israel will continue to take military action across the frontier in Syria, even as the two powers try to build up a ceasefire there.   We are controlling our borders, we are protecting our country and we will continue to do so,  Netanyahu said in public remarks to members of his right-wing Likud party in parliament.  I have also informed our friends, firstly in Washington and also our friends in Moscow, that Israel will act in Syria, including in southern Syria, according to our understanding and according to our security needs.  U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday affirmed joint efforts to stabilize Syria as its civil war wanes, including with the expansion of a July 7 truce in the southwestern triangle bordering Israel and Jordan. Israel has been lobbying both leaders to deny Iran, Lebanon s Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias any permanent bases in Syria, and to keep them away from the Golan Heights frontier, as they gain ground while helping Damascus beat back Sunni-led rebels. Netanyahu s remarks echoed those on Sunday by Israel s regional cooperation minister, Tzachi Hanegbi, who sounded circumspect about the ceasefire deal and said Israel has  set red lines and will stand firm on this . Israel s military has said it has carried out around 100 strikes in Syria. Attacks have targeted suspected Hezbollah or Iranian arms depots or have come in retaliation for shelling from the Syrian-held Golan. A U.S. State Department official has said Russia had agreed  to work with the Syrian regime to remove Iranian-backed forces a defined distance  from the Golan Heights frontier with Israel, which captured the plateau in the 1967 Middle East war. The move, according to one Israeli official briefed on the arrangement, is meant to keep rival factions inside Syria away from each other, but it would effectively keep Iranian-linked forces at various distances from the Israel-held Golan as well. Those distances would range from as little as 5-7 kilometers (3-4 miles) and up to around 30 km (18 miles) depending on current rebel positions on the Syrian Golan, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. ",1
14944,U.S. launches media fund for Hungary to aid press freedom,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - The United States said on Monday it would fund rural media outlets in Hungary to help train and equip journalists in defense of an independent media it sees subject to growing pressure and intimidation. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has increased media control by legal changes, regulatory steps and takeovers of outlets by business sector associates. The moves have alarmed Western partners with the approach of elections, due in April 2018, which he is widely expected to win comfortably. The trend was especially strong in rural Hungary, where government-controlled public media and a handful of outlets friendly to the ruling Fidesz party are the only news sources most people get. That is where the $700,000 U.S. program focuses.  The Department of State... seeks a partner for the United States Government who will help educate journalists and aspiring journalists on how to practise their trade,  a State Department official said in a statement emailed to Reuters.  The United States has publicly and privately expressed our concerns about the status of the free press in Hungary on multiple occasions,  the official said.  Hungary has committed to upholding these standards.  The government had no immediate comment. The program offers technical and financial assistance to media outlets, as well as increased local and international exposure, small grants and other tools. They can use the funds after May 2018. Washington denied entry to top officials of his government on corruption charges in 2014, and Orban ruffled feathers with attacks on the U.S.-chartered Central European University, an issue yet to be resolved. The U.S. Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor launched the program after the top U.S. diplomat in Budapest cited an erosion of media freedoms.  There are still independent and opposition media outlets here that are able to practise journalism with broad editorial freedom,  Charg  d Affaires David Kostelancik said last month at a journalism conference.  That is a good thing.   However, their numbers are dwindling, and they face challenges in the advertising market that the pro-government outlets do not. They face pressure and intimidation... as a result, fewer and fewer Hungarians are exposed to the robust debate and discussion that is so important   in fact fundamental   to a representative democracy.  Foreign Ministry State Secretary Levente Magyar, reacting to those comments, said the government would  continue to reject all statements that affect Hungarian internal affairs and are based on misrepresentation in the strongest possible terms . The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, an intergovernmental human rights and media freedom watchdog, has said media pluralism has declined in Hungary. ",1
14945,Spain sees Russian interference in Catalonia separatist vote,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Madrid believes Russian-based groups used online social media to heavily promote Catalonia s independence referendum last month in an attempt to destabilize Spain, Spanish ministers said on Monday. Spain s defense and foreign ministers said they had evidence that state and private-sector Russian groups, as well as groups in Venezuela, used Twitter, Facebook and other Internet sites to massively publicize the separatist cause and swing public opinion behind it in the run-up to the Oct. 1 referendum. Catalonia s separatist leaders have denied that Russian interference helped them in the vote.  What we know today is that much of this came from Russian territory,  Spanish Defence Minister Maria Dolores de Cospedal said of Russian-based internet support.   These are groups that, public and private, are trying to influence the situation and create instability in Europe,  she told reporters at a meeting of EU foreign and defense ministers in Brussels. Asked if Madrid was certain of the accusations, Spanish  Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis, also at the meeting, said:  Yes, we have proof.  Dastis said Spain had detected false accounts on social media, half of which were traced back to Russia and another 30 percent to Venezuela, created to amplify the benefits of the separatist cause by re-publishing messages and posts.  Ramon Tremosa, the EU lawmaker for the PDeCat party of Catalan separatist leader Carles Puigdemont, repeated on Monday that Russian interference had played no part in the referendum.  Those that say Russia is helping Catalonia are those that have helped the Russian fleet in recent years, despite the EU s boycott,  Tremosa tweeted, referring to Spanish media reports that Spain was allowing Russian warships to refuel at its  ports. Those who voted in the referendum opted overwhelmingly for independence. But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot. The separatist vote has plunged Spain, the euro zone s fourth-biggest economy, into its worst constitutional crisis since its return to democracy in the 1970s.  Dastis said he had raised the issue with the Kremlin. Moscow has repeatedly denied any such interference and accuses the West of a campaign to discredit Russia. NATO believes Moscow is involved in a deliberately ambiguous strategy of information warfare and disinformation to try to divide the West and break its unity over economic sanctions imposed on Russia following its 2014 annexation of Crimea.  U.S. intelligence agencies concluded in January that Russia interfered in the U.S. election to try to help President Donald Trump defeat rival Hillary Clinton by hacking and releasing emails and spreading propaganda via social media. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, who attended the EU meeting in Brussels, declined to comment on Spain s accusations, but the alliance s top commander said last week that Russian interference was a concern.   NATO s Supreme Allied Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparotti said  Russian malign influence  was trying to sway elections and other decisions in the West, describing it as a  destabilization campaign,  although he did not directly address the Catalonia referendum. ",1
14946,German police hunt former RAF guerrillas for suspected robbery,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police on Monday published videos showing three former members of the Red Army Faction (RAF) militant group taking part in a 2016 armed robbery in northern Germany, and called for public help to track them down. The left-wing militia, which arose out of the student protests of the late 1960s, was suspected of killing 34 people between 1972 and 1991. The group formally disbanded in 1998 with many members slipping back into ordinary lives.  The three former members being sought - two men and a woman aged between 49 and 63 - have been on the run for more than 25 years. Since 2011, they have been suspected of involvement in robberies in which more than 370,000 euros have been stolen from supermarkets and money transfer stores. The new security camera videos from July 2016, show two men strolling into a supermarket in the central city of Hildesheim with their faces covered, before they suddenly raise a gun at one of the employees and force him into a room.  The other video showed the two standing in a bus in Osnabruck, Lower Saxony, carrying bulging backpacks. [goo.gl/7u811o] German police officers have visited more than 4,000 car dealers to trace the suspects, who buy cheap cars weeks before their robberies. A reward of 80,000 euros has been offered to anyone who provides significant information about them. The RAF captured world headlines in 1977 with their kidnapping and killing of industrialist Hanns Martin Schleyer. They hoped to secure the release of guerrilla comrades held in a high security prison in Stuttgart. Twenty years ago, German authorities said they believed most of RAF s members were either dead, in jail or now living  ordinary  lives. ",1
14947,Turkey's Atlasglobal says flights out of Copenhagen back to normal: statement,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish airline Atlasglobal on Monday said flights out of Copenhagen had resumed as normal, after security checks found  nothing negative  following a threat to its planes.  After receiving notice concerning the Atlasglobal flights in Copenhagen Airport, security units were contacted,  Atlasglobal said in a statement.  Necessary security measures were taken, and security units conducted necessary inspections. Nothing negative was encountered. We would like to inform the public that our flight operations in Copenhagen are back to their routine course,  it said. (This version of the story was refiled to fix typo in paragraph three) ",1
14948,Trump and Duterte bond at Asia summit; U.S. says discussed rights,"MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he had a  great relationship  with his Philippine counterpart, Rodrigo Duterte, while a White House official said human rights got only a brief mention when the two met on the sidelines of an Asian summit. A spokesman for Duterte said there was no mention at all of human rights or extrajudicial killings during their conversation.  The meeting between the two presidents was one of the most anticipated at the summit of East and Southeast Asian leaders in Manila, with human rights groups pressing Trump to take a tough line on Duterte over his bloody war on drugs, in which thousands of people have been killed.  The conversation focused on ISIS (Islamic State), illegal drugs, and trade,  said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders.  Human rights briefly came up in the context of the Philippines  fight against illegal drugs.  Duterte s spokesman, Harry Roque, told a news conference the Philippine president had explained his antidrug policy at length to Trump, who  seemed to be appreciative of his efforts.   There was no mention of human rights, no mention of extralegal killings,  he said. A joint statement released later by the White House listed human rights as the third of 14 topics discussed.  The two sides underscored that human rights and the dignity of human life are essential, and agreed to continue mainstreaming the human rights agenda in their national programs to promote the welfare of all sectors, including the most vulnerable groups,  the statement said. They discussed the Philippine campaign against crime, including illegal drugs, it said, and  committed to share best practices in the areas of prevention; enforcement, including capacity-building and transparency in investigations; and rehabilitation.   More than 3,900 people have been killed in a war on drugs that Duterte declared when he took office last year. His government says the police act in self-defense, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability.  We are your ally. We are an important ally,  Duterte told Trump at the beginning of their talks, according to reporters allowed in to the meeting room. Trump replied:  We ve had a great relationship. This has been very successful. And the ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) conference has been handled beautifully by the president in the Philippines.  Duterte, who has been called the  Trump of the East  for his brash style and provocative language, said last week he would tell the U.S. president to  lay off  if he were to raise accusations of rights violations. Trump was criticized in May for praising Duterte during a phone call for the  great job  he was doing to counter illegal narcotics. The United States and the Philippines, a former U.S. colony, have been strategic allies since World War Two. But their relations have been strained by anti-U.S. outbursts from Duterte and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China. However, Duterte clearly appears to be getting on better with Trump than he did with the American president s predecessor, Barack Obama. Trump and Duterte seem to have warmed to each other after meeting for the first time on Saturday at an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) group meeting in Vietnam. On Sunday, Duterte crooned hit Filipino love song  Ikaw  (You) at a gala dinner for summit leaders in Manila, saying it was on  the orders  of Trump. One of the song s verses, translated from Filipino, begins:  You are the light in my world, a half of this heart of mine .  Ladies and gentlemen, I sang uninvited, upon the orders of the commander in chief of the United States,  Duterte said later, according to the ABS-CBN news channel. Roque described the relationship between Trump and Duterte as  warm, friendly and candid.   It s very apparent that both of them have a person who they consider as not a best friend,  he added.   They have similar feelings toward former U.S. President Barack Obama.   Duterte s anger was unleashed last year when Obama raised concern about possible human rights abuses in the war on drugs. Duterte said Obama could  go to hell  and called him a  son of a bitch.  ",1
14949,"Factbox: Divided, rebellious UK parliament takes on May's Brexit plan","LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers will debate legislation underpinning the government s plan to leave the European Union this week, the latest stage in an arduous journey through parliament. The first two days of debate in the current stage of the process will be held in parliament on Nov. 14 and 15. A total of eight days of debate are planned during this  Committee Stage , used to make changes to the government s proposed wording of the bill. Formally known as the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, the legislation will then face several more stages of approval in the lower house of parliament, and must also make its way through a multi-stage process in the upper house. Both chambers must agree on the wording before it can become law. What is the bill and what does it do? The legislation serves two main functions: 1. Repealing the 1972 European Communities Act which made Britain a member of the European Communities, forerunner to the European Union. This effectively ends Britain s EU membership. 2. Transferring the existing body of EU law into British law. This is designed to provide legal certainty about the complex process of leaving.  Why is it controversial? The bill has faced criticism from opposition lawmakers, campaign groups and members of May s Conservative Party. Brexit is still divisive in Britain after a referendum in June last year, and many people, including some lawmakers, want to retain as much of the country s current EU membership as possible. Others would like to reverse the vote. May runs a minority government, which has a slim 13-seat working majority in the 650-seat parliament thanks to a deal with a small Northern Irish party.  A rebellion of seven or more Conservative lawmakers could see her lose a vote in parliament and forced into making concessions. The objections are mainly based on two themes: 1. The power for the government to amend EU laws as they are brought onto the British statute book. These are often referred to as  Henry VIII  powers after the 16th century English monarch who ruled by proclamation. The government says it needs to be able to fix the wording of laws to ensure they work correctly after Brexit. For example, where a law refers to an EU institution which will no longer have jurisdiction in Britain, the law must be changed to point to the correct British equivalent.  Critics say the bill gives ministers too much power to make changes, and creates the potential for policy shifts to be implemented without full parliamentary scrutiny. The process through which the government would make the changes already exists and is known as  secondary legislation . It does allow for some degree of scrutiny by lawmakers, but would not submit changes to the full legislative process.  2. The bill does not contain a provision for parliament to vote on the final Brexit deal. The government has promised lawmakers they will get a  meaningful vote  on the outcome of negotiations in Brussels to decide the terms of Britain s exit and its future relationship with the bloc. As it currently stands, this vote will be on whether to accept the terms of the deal, or reject it and walk away without a deal. But critics says the promise of a vote should be written into the bill. Some also say that it should give lawmakers more options than the current  take it or leave it  vote. This could mean an option to send Britain back to the negotiating table. What has happened so far? The bill cleared its first parliamentary hurdle in September when, after two days of debate, lawmakers voted 326 to 290 in favor of the principles of the bill.  Although the government won the vote, several Conservatives indicated they were unhappy with the details of it, and said they wanted to see concessions during the next stage.  What happens next? The first two days of the  Committee Stage  have been scheduled for Tuesday and Wednesday but the remaining six days have not yet been scheduled.  Any lawmaker can submit changes for consideration. So far, 186 pages of so-called  amendments  have been submitted. The list will be scrutinized by parliament s deputy speaker, whittled down and grouped according to subject. The amendments to be considered will be announced at the start of each day s debate. The first two days will focus on the part of the bill that repeals the 1972 European Communities Act, the retention, conversion and interpretation of existing EU laws, and EU rights.   At the end of the debate over each group of amendments, some will be put to a vote. If supported by a majority of lawmakers, the changes will be made to the bill. They can still be reversed. Once all the groups of amendments have been debated, the bill is reprinted to include any amendments passed and it moves on to the next stage in the process. Which is ...? The bill will be subject to several more stages of votes in the lower chamber and the upper chamber of parliament. The entire process will take months to complete, and there is no target end date. Report stage:  Any amendments voted by the house at committee stage will pass to report stage. This is a new opportunity to add amendments. The speaker of the house oversees this process. Third reading:  This takes place immediately after report stage. It usually lasts an hour and is a general discussion of the bill followed by a vote. No amendments can be made. House of Lords:  The bill passes to the unelected upper chamber of parliament, the House of Lords. Lords can put forward their own amendments, each of which will be discussed and decided on in turn. If the lords agree to any amendments, the bill passes back to the House of Commons for its approval. Ping Pong: If the bill passes back to the commons, they debate and vote on the lords  amendments. No new amendments can be introduced. In theory the bill can continue passing back and forth between the lords and commons until the final bill is agreed upon. Royal assent: Once the bill has been agreed by both houses of parliament, it is given royal assent, when the queen formally agrees to make the bill into an Act of Parliament. ",1
14950,Iran sticks to key limits of nuclear deal: U.N. watchdog report,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has remained within the main limits on its nuclear activity set by its 2015 deal with six world powers, the U.N. atomic watchdog said in its first report since U.S. President Donald Trump decertified Iranian compliance with the terms. Iran undertook to curb its uranium enrichment program in return for relief from international sanctions that crippled its economy, and U.N. nuclear inspectors have repeatedly verified Tehran s adherence to the key aspects of the accord. Trump has called the agreement between Iran, the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union  the worst deal ever  and he disavowed Iran s compliance last month. His decision did not constitute a U.S. exit from the accord but raised concern about its staying power. Trump s move, at odds with the commitment of the other parties to the deal, meant the U.S. Congress must decide by mid-December whether to reimpose economic sanctions lifted under the accord, reached under his predecessor Barack Obama. If Congress reimposes the sanctions, the United States would in effect be in violation of the deal and it would likely fall apart. If lawmakers do nothing, the deal remains in place. In response, Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said Tehran will stick to the nuclear accord as long as the other signatories respected it, but would  shred  the deal if Washington pulled out. If the deal unravels, it would strengthen hardline opponents of Hassan Rouhani, Iran s pragmatist president who opened up diplomatic channels to Western powers to enable nuclear diplomacy after years of worsening confrontation. Iran s stock of low-enriched uranium as of Nov. 5 was 96.7 kg (213.2 pounds), well below a 202.8-kg limit set by the deal, and the level of enrichment did not exceed a maximum 3.67 percent cap, said the confidential International Atomic Energy Agency report sent to IAEA member states and seen by Reuters. Iran s stock of so-called heavy water, a moderator used in a type of reactor that can produce plutonium, a potential nuclear bomb fuel, stood at 114.4 metric tonnes, below a 130-tonne limit agreed by the parties to the deal. The 3.67 percent enrichment and 202-kg stockpile limit on uranium, and the 130-tonne cap on heavy water, aim to ensure that Iran does not amass enough material of sufficient fissile purity to produce a nuclear bomb. Such a device requires uranium to be refined to around 90 percent purity. IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano told Reuters in September he would welcome clarification from the powers on how the agency should monitor Iran s implementation of the so-called Section T of the nuclear pact that deals with certain technologies that could be used to develop an atom bomb. Russia had been critical of the agency s monitoring of Section T provisions, but Monday s report said the IAEA had verified Iran s commitment to the section. ",1
14951,Romanian ruling party leader investigated over 'criminal group',"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian anti-corruption prosecutors opened an investigation on  Monday into the leader of the ruling Social Democrat Party, Liviu Dragnea, on suspicion of forming a  criminal group  to siphon off cash from state projects, some of them EU-funded.     Dragnea, currently on trial in a separate abuse-of-office case, told reporters he rejected the new charges. Opposition parties called on him to resign as parliament speaker pending the criminal inquiry. Prosecutors said Dragnea was suspected of forming  an organized criminal group  that included public servants and businesspeople in 2001. They said there were suspicions the group was still active.  The investigation focused on road construction firm Tel Drum SA, formerly controlled by the county council of the southern Teleorman region, a body that Dragnea headed until 2012, prosecutors said. Dragnea and eight other people conspired to privatize the company through intermediaries, so that it came under  the influence and control of the suspect Liviu Dragnea,  the prosecutors added. The company won many public contracts, at times without tenders or benefiting from confidential information that helped it beat other bidders, the prosecutors  statement said. Dragnea and people close to him received cash and other assets from it, the statement added. Tel Drum director Petre Pitis, also under investigation, declined to comment as he left a closed-door hearing at the office of anti-corruption prosecuting agency DNA. A company representative told Reuters that an official reaction was not expected on Monday.  The group of nine people was suspected of seeking to  fraudulently obtain important sums from public works contracts funded with domestic and European funds, by committing abuse of office, EU funds fraud, tax evasion, money laundering and accessing confidential information,  the DNA statement read. The case was based on a notice sent by the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) in 2016 regarding suspicions that Dragnea and other regional officials had used forged papers to secure EU funds for road rehabilitations, prosecutors said.  I categorically do not feel guilty, I never formed a criminal group,  Dragnea told reporters. The 55-year-old, who got a suspended prison sentence last year for illegally using his influence within the party to sway a 2012 referendum, has dismissed past investigations as politically motivated. Opposition liberal Ioan Cupsa said Dragnea should resign.  Once more, he is making parliament and the image it has with public opinion vulnerable,  he was quoted saying by state news agency Agerpres. Dragnea said he had no intention of stepping aside. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states. Brussels, which keeps Romania s justice system under special monitoring, has praised magistrates for their efforts to curb graft. The ruling Social Democrats are currently preparing a judicial overhaul the European Commission, foreign diplomats and Romania s own president have all said could place the justice system under political control. Thousands of Romanians protested against the overhaul earlier this month. At the start of 2017, attempts by the ruling coalition to weaken anti-corruption legislation triggered the country s biggest protests in decades. ",1
14952,Turkey's Erdogan says will discuss Syrian dialogue congress with Russia's Putin,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday he would discuss a planned Moscow-backed Syrian congress with Russian President Vladimir Putin during an official visit to Russia s Sochi. Speaking to reporters before departing for visits to Russia, Kuwait and Qatar, Erdogan also said he would ask Putin to remove obstacles to visa-free travel with Russia. The Russian-sponsored Syrian Congress on National Dialogue, scheduled for Nov. 18, has been postponed and the main Syrian Kurdish group will not be invited if it is held later after objections by Turkey, an Erdogan spokesman said last week. ",1
14953,"Europe, Africa ministers agree to help migrants held in Libya","BERN (Reuters) - European and African ministers agreed on Monday to try to improve conditions for migrants in Libya and seek paths such as scholarships for Africans to reach Europe legally, to cut the death toll from smuggling across the Sahara and Mediterranean. The deadly trek across the desert from sub-Saharan Africa through Libya and over sea to Italy is now the main route used by refugees and other vulnerable migrants heading to Europe, after Turkey closed the other main route via Greece that brought in nearly a million people in 2015. Almost 115,000 migrants have landed on Italian shores so far this year. Almost 2,750 are known to have died while trying to cross the Mediterranean, the U.N. International Organization for Migration said on Friday, and the death toll in the Sahara desert is thought to be at least twice as high. European and African officials say the numbers reaching Europe have finally been falling over the past few months due to better efforts to fight smuggling. But that has also left tens of thousands of migrants trapped in Libya, often detained in conditions rights groups say are dangerous and inhumane. Interior ministers belonging to the  Central Mediterranean contact group  met in Switzerland to discuss the crisis.  While they talked about law enforcement measures to combat smuggling, their final statement focused more on efforts to alleviate the journey s harm. Ministers from Algeria, Austria, Chad, France, Germany, Italy, Libya, Malta, Niger, Slovenia, Switzerland, Tunisia and Mali were among those backing the statement.  We had a very intensive exchange, because the questions we are dealing with are very demanding issues,  Swiss Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga said after the meeting.  This is why we concentrated on protecting refugees. We had many people with different viewpoints sitting around the table, but nonetheless, on this point we all agreed.... We want to improve the situation of migrants and refugees, particularly in Libya.  Sommaruga said an improvement in the situation on the central Mediterranean route would be possible only if countries joined together to help stabilize Libya.  The ministers said they would work closely with Libyan authorities to ensure detained migrants and refugees were held with respect for human rights and humanitarian standards, and promised to secure priority release from detention for vulnerable people such as children and victims of torture. They also pledged to create economic alternatives to smuggling, including pilot projects for pathways for Africans to reach Europe legally, such as scholarships and apprenticeships.  We risk this time to be seen as a dark chapter in European history. If we wish to change that situation, we must get together with those states which themselves are very severely affected by migration,  Sommaruga said. ",1
14954,"Trump meets Japan, Australia leaders over trade, North Korea threat","MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump raised North Korea s missile tests during talks on Monday with the prime ministers of Japan and Australia, and said  a lot  of progress had been made in negotiations on trade. On the sidelines of a summit of East and Southeast Asian leaders in Manila, Trump met with Japan s Shinzo Abe and Australia s Malcolm Turnbull, and said discussions at the meeting would include tensions on the Korean Peninsula and trade. In brief remarks prior to news media being ushered out of the meeting, Turnbull said North Korea s  recklessness  needed to be stopped, while Abe said the most immediate challenge was to ensure regional peace and stability. Following the meeting, the White House said  the three leaders reaffirmed their commitment to maintaining maximum pressure on North Korea in the effort to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.   They also discussed expanded security cooperation for enhanced deterrence and defense against North Korean aggression,  the White House said in a statement.   The three men also discussed the need for  free and open  trade in the Indo-Pacific region and  the need to pursue fair and reciprocal trade,  the White House added. Trump, who campaigned heavily on U.S. trade issues, made pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Asian trade deal one of his first acts in office. His administration has instead pledged to reach bilateral pacts with individual nations.  Countries remaining in the pact have said the deal is advancing without the United States. ",1
14955,UK's Johnson makes fuller apology for remarks on jailed aid worker in Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson issued a second, fuller apology on Monday for remarks about an Iranian-British aid worker jailed in Iran that critics said might have prompted Iran to extend her prison sentence. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Johnson told a parliamentary committee on Nov. 1 that she had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016, contradicting her and her employer, who said she had been on holiday visiting her family.  It was my mistake. I should have been clearer. I apologize for the distress and anguish that has been caused to Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family,  Johnson told lawmakers on Monday.  Our priority now is to do everything we can to get her out of Iran on humanitarian grounds.  On Nov. 7 Johnson said in the course of an exchange with an opposition MP in parliament that  I am sorry if any words of mine have been so taken out of context and so misconstrued as to cause any kind of anxiety for the family.  Opposition British lawmakers had said the remarks could land the aid worker a longer term in jail.  Johnson, whose job has come under pressure over the case, said he would meet Zaghari-Ratcliffe s husband this week, adding that the issue was casting a shadow over relations with Iran.  I shall travel to Iran myself later this year to review the full state of our bilateral relations and to drive home the strength of feeling in this House and in the country at large,  Johnson said. Earlier on Monday, the government said it was considering granting diplomatic protection to Zaghari-Ratcliffe as part of an effort to secure her release from jail. It is unclear how such protection could be offered retrospectively to a dual Iranian-British citizen, or whether such a move could help to secure her release, but a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said it was one option being considered.   The prime minister has been involved with this case from the outset, she s raised it with the Iranian president on at least two occasions, the entire government is working towards securing her release as quickly as possible,  he said. A legal opinion prepared for the human rights charity Redress on Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case said the British government could grant her diplomatic protection as she is  predominantly  a British citizen who has been denied a fair trial. It is unclear how Tehran would view such a step, which would explicitly make Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate an issue in state-to-state relations rather than a purely consular case. Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate become a major political issue in Britain after Johnson made remarks on Nov. 1 that appeared to cast doubt on statements from her employer. The Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News, said she had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.  Iranian state television said Johnson s comments showed Zaghari-Ratcliffe s guilt and that she was involved in spying. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, said the case had become a bargaining chip for Iran in its relations with Britain, and that it would not be helpful for Johnson to resign.  He has asked to come with Johnson on a trip to Tehran planned for later this year and called for her to be given diplomatic protection.  Nazanin is being held because she is British and is being used as a bargaining chip against the UK, now justified by your words,  he said in an article in the Evening Standard newspaper.  Nazanin is no longer simply a consular case as she has been endangered in a deeper way,  he wrote. He added the uncertainty had affected his wife s health and she had gone to hospital for tests after finding lumps on her breasts, which the specialist thought were benign and stress-related. British ministers have rallied round Johnson but one of his allies, Environment Secretary Michael Gove, was accused of muddying the waters in a television interview on Sunday when he said he did not know what Zaghari-Ratcliffe was doing in Iran. ",1
14956,Kosovo at risk of attacks by returning Islamist militants: report,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s government considers the possibility of attacks by Islamic State fighters returning from Iraq and Syria one of the main threats to national security, according to a new strategy document. Around 300 Kosovars have gone to Syria and Iraq since 2012 to fight with the Islamic State group for the establishment of a caliphate ruled by Islamic law. Some 70 have been killed but many, including women and children, are still believed to be in the conflict zone, despite the group s expulsion from almost all the population centers it had held. The document,  State Strategy Against Terrorism and Action Plan 2018-2022 , was posted on a government website on Friday. It said potential threats included  attacks by members of terrorist organizations through foreign terrorist fighters, inactive cells, but also by sympathizers and supporters who may be inspired to commit violent acts . International and local security agencies have previously warned of the risk posed by returning fighters, and in 2015, Kosovo adopted a law making fighting in foreign conflicts punishable by up to 15 years in jail. The report said there had been  public calls for terrorist attacks in Kosovo and the region  and called terrorism  one of the biggest threats to national security . Kosovo s population is nominally 90 percent Muslim, but largely secular in outlook. There have been no Islamist attacks on its soil, although in June, nine Kosovar men were charged with planning attacks at a soccer match in Albania against the visiting Israeli national team and its fans the previous November. The state prosecutor said some of the men had been in contact with Lavdrim Muhaxheri, a prominent Islamic State member and the self-declared  commander of Albanians in Syria and Iraq , from whom they had received orders to attack. Muhaxheri was reported to have been killed in the Syria the same month. The government strategy, compiled by the Interior Ministry, said that a form of radical Islam had been imported to Kosovo by non-governmental organizations from the Middle East after the end of its 1998-99 war of secession from Serbia.  ",1
14957,Turkish plane investigated in Copenhagen airport after threat,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police were investigating a plane at Copenhagen airport due to depart for Istanbul, in response to a threat against aircraft of Turkish airline Atlasglobal in Europe, the airport said on Monday.  Copenhagen police have said there is a threat against all Atlasglobal s planes in Europe,  a Copenhagen Airports spokesman said. The Atlasglobal plane had been moved to a remote part of the airport while police carried out further investigations. Authorities briefly closed ten gates at the airport due to the investigation, but these were later reopened. Copenhagen police confirmed to Reuters that officers were investigating a suspicious incident at the airport but did not give further details. A spokesman for Atlasglobal said the airline was not immediately able to comment and would likely release a statement later. ",1
14958,South African commission urges more education spending before ratings reviews,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa should raise state spending on higher education by around a third to at least 1 percent of gross domestic product, a report commissioned by the presidency and released on Monday found. The recommendation by the commission appointed by President Jacob Zuma came as a senior Treasury official resigned after news reports said he had complained about presidential interference in the budget process, and as state-owned utility Eskom said it was facing serious liquidity issues. South Africa relies on foreign investors to finance its hefty budget and current account deficits. Investors are nervous ahead of important credit rating reviews scheduled this month and with the ruling African National Congress gearing up to elect Zuma s successor as party chief in December. The presidency said on Monday that Zuma would make an announcement on the higher education report once ministers had processed its findings. Zuma set up the commission early last year in response to protests by university students demanding free education. The rand and benchmark bonds weakened after the presidency said it would publish the report on Monday, but they were little changed after its release. Currency traders and analysts said markets were waiting to see how the presidency would react to the report, but they said its recommendations were risky from an economic standpoint.  If we start repeating this pattern of recording higher and higher budget deficits we are undoubtedly headed for downgrades,  said senior Nedbank economist Nicky Weimar. South African GDP was around 4.3 trillion rand ($296.6 billion) last year, so an increase in government spending on higher education of 0.25 percent of GDP would amount to around $750 million of additional expenditure.  The commission also recommended that all university students should be funded through a cost-sharing model, whereby the government would guarantee income-contingent loans issued by commercial banks. Should a student fail to reach a certain income level, the state should repay the tuition loan, it advised. Introducing those measures would make it more difficult for Treasury to rein in a projected budget deficit of over 4 percent of GDP for the 2017/18 fiscal year.  But it would be popular among young people and ANC voters, many of whom are dissatisfied that South African society remains deeply unequal more than two decades after the end of apartheid in 1994. South Africa next holds a national election in 2019, and the ANC has seen its electoral majority shrink in elections. South African markets have also been pressured by fears that the independence of financial institutions is under threat. Local media outlet Fin24 cited sources on Monday as saying that Treasury Deputy Director-General Michael Sachs had resigned last week after complaining that Zuma was interfering in the budget process. Treasury confirmed Sachs  resignation, saying only that his departure was because he wanted to  serve the public sector in a different capacity . International ratings agencies downgraded South Africa s debt earlier this year after Zuma fired respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in an abrupt cabinet reshuffle. S&P Global and Moody s are expected to review the country s ratings again on Nov. 24, and all eyes are on whether they will downgrade its local-currency rating to  junk  status after Gordhan s replacement, Malusi Gigaba, unveiled dismal medium-term budget forecasts last month. Downgrades to sub-investment grade could trigger forced selling of up to $12 billion of South African bonds and pile further pressure on the rand, which is already trading at a 12-month low against the dollar. South Africa s debt insurance costs hit a four-month high on Monday, reflecting a greater likelihood of ratings downgrades.     ",1
14959,"North Korean soldier, shot and wounded, defects to South","SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean soldier defected to the South on Monday after being shot and wounded by the North Korean military, South Korea said. The soldier was found on the south side of the border village of Panmunjom, about 50 meters south of the Military Demarcation Line, wounded in his shoulder and elbow, according to a South Korean defense ministry official. He defected from a North Korean guard post nearby and was being treated in hospital.  The defector was urgently transferred to hospital in a helicopter of the United Nations Command, and there was no exchange of fire with our side,  the ministry official told Reuters.   Since it was an area exposed to the North, we had to crawl toward there to get him out,  the official added. There was no immediate comment on the incident from North Korea. While on average more than 1,000 North Koreans defect to South Korea every year, most travel via China and it is unusual for a North Korean to cross the land border dividing the two Koreas, which have been in a technical state of war since their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The last such crossing was in June. The South Korean ministry official said the soldier s condition and military rank remained to be verified. The defection comes amid tension between the two Koreas, and between the United States and the North.  North Korea has this year been boosting its nuclear and missile capacity with a series of tests as it faces off with U.S. President Donald Trump who has vowed to stop it from being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear weapon. North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb test on Sept. 3, but has not launched any missiles since firing one over Japan on Sept. 15, the longest such lull this year. ",1
14960,"Militants cross from Afghanistan, kill two Pakistani soldiers: army","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Militants have crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan and killed a Pakistani army officer and a soldier, the Pakistani military said on Monday. The uneasy neighbors, both of which are important U.S. allies, accuse each other of harboring militants on either side of the border, and their two armies have exchanged fire across it during periods of tension over recent years. Four Pakistani soldiers were wounded in the attack on a military post in the northwestern region of Bajaur, the army said.  It did not say when the raid took place but said up to 10 of the attackers were believed to have been killed in Pakistani retaliatory fire. Independent verification was not possible as the area is largely closed off to reporters. Pakistan and Afghanistan share a rugged, porous border of 2,500 km (1,500 miles).  Afghanistan, which does not recognize the border, has lately been angry over a Pakistani plan to build a fence along most of it. The Pakistani army said the absence of Afghan central government s writ on its side of the border facilitated such militant attacks. There was no immediate response from the Afghan government. The attack came a week after unidentified gunmen shot and killed a Pakistani diplomat near his residence in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.    ",1
14961,Anti-elite Slovene presidential candidate seen running for parliament after narrow loss,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Anti-establishment Slovenian presidential candidate Marjan Sarec, who narrowly lost to President Borut Pahor in an election runoff on Sunday, is likely to run for parliament in general elections due next June, political analysts said.  I expect Sarec to announce his candidacy very soon. He might win, supported by a large number of voters who are dissatisfied with the political establishment,  Tanja Staric, an analyst at Radio Slovenia, told Reuters on Monday. Sarec finished with 47 percent to Pahor s 53 percent in the runoff, the tightest presidential race result since Slovenia s independence in 1991 from then-federal Yugoslavia.  Sarec, 39, whose center-left Lista Marjana Sarca has so far been active only at local level, indicated he will run for parliament.  My result (at the presidential election) is very good, I am very happy with it...This is not my last word in politics,  he said on his Twitter account late on Sunday. Sarec says changes of approach are needed to further improve Slovenia s economy and lift living standards. In an anti-establishment pitch, he calls for politicians to listen to voters closely and come up with practical solutions to their problems. He also wants electoral rule changes to allow people to vote for individual candidates rather than parties. Sarec is a former actor and comedian whose second mandate as mayor of Kamnik in northern Slovenia expires next year. Analysts forecast election defeat next year for the Party of Modern Centre of Prime Minister Miro Cerar because of widespread  dissatisfaction, particularly over lengthening waiting times for examinations and other procedures in the national health system. The government faces pressure for public sector wage hikes but wants to keep a lid on spending given relatively high levels of budget deficit and public debt. A poll published by daily newspaper Delo on Monday showed Social Democrats, earlier led by Pahor before he ran for president as independent though still with SD support, led with 19.8 percent, followed by main opposition, center-right Slovenian Democratic Party with 13.8 percent. Another poll released on Monday by the Nova24TV website put the SDS in the lead with 15.8 percent, trailed by the SD at 11.2 percent, with half the electorate still undecided. Pollsters have so far not included Sarec s party in their soundings.  ",1
14962,France raises prospect of new sanctions on Iran over ballistic program,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry suggested on Monday that new sanctions could be imposed on Iran if needed over its ballistic missile program.  Iran rejected on Sunday a call by French President Emmanuel Macron for talks on Tehran s ballistic missiles, saying they were defensive and unrelated to a nuclear agreement with world powers.  As you know, the European Union has already placed sanctions on Iranian entities involved in the ballistic program,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said. She was responding when asked to clarify comments made by Macron during a trip to the United Arab Emirates last week about the prospects of possible sanctions with regard to those activities.  If needed, new sanctions could be taken,  she said.  The United States accused Iran on Tuesday of supplying Yemen s Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the United Nations to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions. Saudi Arabia and its allies accuse Iran of supplying missiles and other weapons to the Houthis, saying the arms were not present in Yemen before conflict broke out there in 2015. Iran denies the charges and blames the conflict on Riyadh. French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian will be in the Saudi capital later this week and intends to travel to Iran before the end of the month.  The political dialogue between France and Iran is active and makes it possible to address all topics, including strategic and regional issues,  Romatet-Espagne said.  Mr Le Drian will have a firm dialogue when he goes to Iran.  ",1
14963,"Non-secessionist solution to Catalan crisis possible, says ex-leader","MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s deposed president said he might consider a solution to Spain s political crisis that did not involve the region s secession, appearing to soften the staunchly pro-independence stance that cost him his leadership last month. In an interview with Belgian daily Le Soir, Carles Puigdemont was asked if a non-secessionist option was on the table to resolve a crisis triggered when Spain took over control of the region after its parliament declared independence on Oct. 27.  I m ready, and have always been ready, to accept the reality of another relationship with Spain ... It (another solution) is still possible,  Puigdemont said.  I have, being pro-independence all my life, worked for 30 years to have another way of Catalonia being anchored to Spain,  he added, giving no details of what form such a relationship could take. He posted a link to the interview, which was published on Monday, on his Twitter feed. The former president is in self-imposed exile in Belgium after running an independence campaign that prompted authorities in Madrid to fire his cabinet, dissolve the regional parliament and call new elections for December. Puigdemont, who had previously insisted the independence declaration should form the basis of any political negotiations with Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, is under conditional release after an international arrest warrant was served against him. He and four other former members of the Catalan government with him in Belgium face charges of rebellion and sedition.  Rajoy has said he was open to talks with Catalan leaders on resolving Spain s worst political crisis since its return to democracy four decades ago, but only within a legal framework and after the independence drive was dropped as a condition. In an interview with German newspaper Handelsblatt published on Monday, Rajoy said the position of the former Catalan leaders focused on the independence vote and gave little room beyond that for debate.  Many blame me for not seeking political solutions. But I ve been in politics for a long time and ... there was no alternative,  Rajoy said, adding that the Catalan crisis was the largest problem he had had to face as prime minister. He said had tried to reach a compromise with the regional government, but it was impossible.  The government of Catalonia had only one goal - the independence referendum,  he said.  The Spanish government has called regional elections for Dec. 21, and Puigdemont s PDeCAT has failed to agree on a united ticket with other secessionist party, the ERC, denting the pro-independence camp s hopes of uniting behind the secessionist cause.  The head of the ERC and former deputy to Puigdemont, Oriol Junqueras, will campaign for his party from a prison cell after being detained with other cabinet members who remained in Spain and pending trial on sedition and rebellion charges.   According to an opinion poll released last week, independence supporters would win the election if they ran on a joint ticket, though probably short of a parliamentary majority. ",1
14964,Chronology: Europe's long road in search of a common defense,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France, Germany and 21 other EU governments signed a defense pact on Monday they hope marks a new era of greater European military integration after Britain s decision to quit the bloc. Below is a list of dates in European defense cooperation: 1949 - The United States, Canada and European countries set up the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), a U.S.-led military alliance. 1950 - The European Defence Community is proposed as a European alternative to NATO to incorporate West Germany and create a European army, a joint budget and shared arms.  1954 - The French parliament rejects the European Army plan. Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Britain form the Western European Union, a common defense group with a shared air force and joint command. 1993 - The EU s Maastricht Treaty redefines European integration and introduces a Common Foreign and Security Policy as one of its goals, allowing European governments to take joint action in foreign policy. 1998 - Britain and France agree to common defense in the Saint-Malo Declaration, and London pledges to play a central role in the security and defense policy of the European Union. 2003 - The European Union launches its first independent military mission outside of Europe, Operation Artemis, with United Nations backing, to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 2004 - The European Defence Agency is formed to help EU governments develop their military capabilities. 2007 - Rapid-reaction forces of about 1,500 soldiers, called EU Battlegroups, are formed under control of the Council of the European Union. However, they are never used. 2009 - The EU s Lisbon Treaty strengthens the Common Foreign and Security Policy, creating an EU foreign policy chief. 2011 - France and Britain lead a campaign to oust Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi but cannot impose no-fly zone without U.S. aircraft, munitions. 2017 - More than 20 EU governments sign a defense pact to integrate military planning, weapons development and operations that will rely on a 5 billion-euro ($5.83 billion) defense fund. ",1
14965,"About 30 killed when train derails, catches fire in Congo","KINSHASA (Reuters) - About 30 people were killed and more than two dozen injured when a train derailed then caught fire in Democratic Republic of Congo, a provincial governor said on Monday. The freight train was traveling from the southern copper and cobalt mining hub of Lubumbashi to Luena, in Lualaba province, on Sunday when it left the tracks and tumbled into a ravine near the town of Buyofwe.   There s major damage because the tanker cars caught fire,  Lualaba s governor Richard Muyej told Reuters.  Around 30 dead and 26 wounded were transferred to the hospital in Lubudi, 25 km (16 miles) from the scene of the accident.  The train had taken on a number of passengers before the accident, and Muyej said the death toll could rise further. Eleven of the train s 13 cars caught fire following the derailment. Officials from Congo s national railway company, the SNCC, were investigating the cause of the crash, which was not immediately known.   Rail accidents are relatively common in Congo due to aging, poorly maintained infrastructure and lax enforcement of safety standards. (This version of the story corrects spelling of governor s name in paragraphs 3 and 4) ",1
14966,Prince Charles leads Remembrance day ceremony for British war dead,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prince Charles led the annual ceremony to honor Britain s war dead on Sunday, laying a wreath on behalf of 91-year-old Queen Elizabeth to mark Remembrance Sunday as she watched the service from a balcony. Breaking with her usual custom of placing the wreath at the Cenotaph on Whitehall in central London, the queen asked her eldest son to take on the role, in part because of the demands of the ceremony for someone in their 90s. A two-minute silence was held at 1100 GMT (6.00 a.m. ET) and wreaths were laid at the foot of Britain s main war memorial by senior royals and political leaders including Prime Minister Theresa May and the leader of the main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn. The queen and her 96-year-old husband, Prince Philip, watched from the balcony of the nearby Foreign Office. Royal historian Hugo Vickers said the queen had slightly stumbled during last year s service.  One of the most important things with the queen as she gets older is not to put her in any situation where she might be uncomfortable or things might be difficult,  he told Reuters.  It requires a certain amount of standing around and then it involves the queen carrying something quite heavy and walking backwards.  But he rejected the notion that it symbolized something more significant, saying it was  another step that we realize that we have an ageing monarch, and it s very important that we should not put too much pressure on her . The head of state has been gradually reducing her workload and younger royals, including the 68-year-old Charles, have been taking up some of her duties.  Philip retired from public life in August but was keen to attend the annual ceremony, which commemorates the fallen of two World Wars and later conflicts. The queen has missed the wreath-laying ceremony only six times in her 65-year reign. On four of those occasions she was on foreign visits: to Ghana in 1961, Brazil in 1968, Kenya in 1983 and South Africa in 1999. She also missed the ceremonies in 1959 and 1963, before the births of her two youngest children, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. ",1
14967,Iran non-interference in Lebanon is key for regional stability: France,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign ministry said on Monday it was an important condition for the stability of the region that Iran not interfere in Lebanon s domestic affairs.   We wish that all those who exert an influence in Lebanon allow all the political actors in this country to exercise fully their responsibilities,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing.   Mr Saad al-Hariri called on Iran yesterday to not interfere in the affairs of Lebanon and its neighbors. We believe that this is an important condition for the stability of the region.  ",1
14968,"CNN, Deutsche Welle could be hit by Russia's 'foreign agents' media law: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Media outlets such as CNN, Radio Free Europe and Deutsche Welle could be affected by Russia s new  foreign agents  media law, Andrei Isayev, a senior lawmaker from the ruling United Russia party, told RIA news agency on Monday.  Russia s parliament warned last week that some U.S. and other foreign media outlets could be declared  foreign agents  and obliged to regularly declare full details of their funding, finances and staffing. ",1
14969,"""You are the light"" - Philippines' Duterte croons at Trump's request","MANILA (Reuters) - President Rodrigo Duterte crooned a hit Filipino love song at a dinner in Manila for leaders from across Asia, explaining later that it was  on the orders of U.S. President Donald Trump . Trump and Duterte were among 19 leaders at a glittering  gala in the Philippines capital on Sunday ahead of an annual summit, and at one point Duterte took the microphone to sing  Ikaw  (You), in a duet with local pop diva Pilita Corrales. One of the song s verses, translated from Filipino, begins:  You are the light in my world, a half of this heart of mine .  Ladies and gentlemen, I sang uninvited, upon the orders of the commander-in-chief of the United States,  Duterte said later, according to the ABS-CBN news channel. Duterte, who is sometimes described as the  Trump of the East  because of his brash style, is due to meet the U.S. president on the sidelines of the summit on Monday. The United States and its former colony, the Philippines,  have been strategic allies since World War Two. But their relations have been strained by anti-U.S. outbursts from Duterte and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in a war on drugs that Duterte declared when he took office last year. His government says the police act in self defense, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability. Duterte said last week he would tell the U.S. president to  lay off  if he raised the issue of human rights when they met. But Trump, who has been criticized at home for neglecting rights issues in dealings abroad, praised Duterte in May for doing an  unbelievable job on the drug problem . Trump and leaders of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations, China, Russia, Japan, Canada, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand were entertained by singers and dancers at the dinner. Each of the men sported a cream-colored barong, a traditional Philippines shirt made of fiber from the pineapple plant, hand-embroidered and worn untucked. They were served a four-course Filipino-Asian fusion meal curate and prepared by Chef Jessie Sincioco, who also designed the menu for Pope Francis when he visited the Philippines in 2015. ",1
14970,Germany probes expenses at Paris embassy; no other embassies affected,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has ordered a  special inspection  into past irregularities in billing of expenses at its embassy in Paris, but the ministry said it was not aware of similar problems at other embassies. Walter Lindner, a senior ministry official, disclosed the probe in a letter to Greens lawmaker Franziska Brantner in letter dated Friday, and said it could trigger new recommendations for billing practices at all foreign offices. The letter marked the first confirmation by the ministry of irregularities at the Paris embassy after French daily Le Monde reported that the embassy had set up an undeclared cash fund to pay staff for special events at the embassy for third parties. In the letter, first reported by the Koelner Stadt-Anzeiger newspaper, Lindner said the ministry had revamped billing procedures in Paris in spring 2016 after discovering that the previous  form of billing had not met the usual standards.  The changes were triggered after a former butler and head waiter accused the embassy of using fake invoices to channel money into a fund used to give staff undeclared cash for overtime work at events hosted on behalf of private companies such as BMW and Mercedes. Lindner said the changes implemented in Paris ensured  a transparent accounting of the use of the embassy by third parties,  but the thorough review now under way could also trigger recommendations for all foreign missions and embassies. Brantner urged the ministry to hold those accountable for the problematic billing practices in Paris - some of whom still worked for the ministry.   In addition, all foreign offices must be carefully examined to ensure that such practices are not occurring elsewhere,  Brantner said in a statement. She also called for protection of whistleblowers. ",1
14971,"Alleged Kenyan police killing of girl, baby in vote-related violence likely to reach court: official","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s police monitor said on Monday investigations into the alleged killings by police of a girl and a baby in election-related violence were complete, and a spokesman said the case would probably end up in court. Kenyan police frequently face accusations of brutality and extrajudicial killings from civilians and rights groups, but officers are rarely charged and almost never convicted.  Human rights groups say at least 66 people have died in bloodshed associated with the August election, which was later voided by the Supreme Court, and in unrest surrounding the re-run of the presidential vote last month.  Stephanie Moraa, an 8-year-old girl in the Nairobi slum of Mathare, died after being hit by a stray bullet as police fired to disperse protesters on Aug. 12, the day after election results were announced. And the parents of six-month-old Samantha Pendo said she was teargassed and clubbed by police who invaded their home in Kisumu looking for protesters.  On Monday, the government-funded but civilian-run Independent Police Oversight Authority (IPOA) said it had forwarded its findings and recommendations to the director of public prosecutions  for review and direction . Asked on Monday what IPOA had recommended to the prosecutor s office regarding the two deaths, spokesman Dennis Oketch said:  It s a matter which will most likely end up in court. We don t want to give any information that can become prejudicial. We will wait for the [prosecutor s] review.  IPOA s statement did not specify if it had identified suspects in the two deaths. It did not mention any other investigations into election-related violence.  It has however, completed another investigation into alleged police beatings at a demonstration in September at Kenya s oldest university that sparked opposition anger at what they see as a pattern of police brutality.  IPOA said it had recommended to a police service commission that it take  stern disciplinary action against the responsible Commander . It had also forwarded the investigation file to the prosecutor s office, the statement read. Shortly after the August election, IPOA said it was fast-tracking investigations of all deaths and injuries for which the police were alleged by rights groups to be responsible.  Kenyan police dispute those accounts. The National Police Service described a report last month by Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International on 33 deaths in Nairobi during the crackdown as  totally misleading and based on falsehoods . Despite its history of police brutality, Kenya is an economic and transport hub in East Africa and important Western ally against militant Islam that receives substantial financial support for its security services from international donors, including the United States and Britain. The IPOA was set up in 2011 after the killings of around 1,200 people in violence following the disputed 2007 election. It has received more than 9,000 complaints of police brutality and corruption since then.  Last year, it secured its first conviction, of two police officers sentenced for the death of a 14-year-old girl shot dead during a house raid in 2014. A survey last year by the non-profit International Police Science Association ranked Kenya s police force as the 125th worst-performing out of 127 national police forces studied. Only forces in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Nigeria did worse, measured on factors such as  process  and  legitimacy.  ",1
14972,Turkey's Erdogan says he will discuss Gulf crisis in Kuwait,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday he will discuss a solution to the five-month dispute between Qatar and its Gulf Arab neighbors during a visit to Kuwait. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport ties with Doha on June 5, saying Qatar supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, a charge Qatar denies. Erdogan is scheduled on Tuesday to visit Kuwait, which has tried to mediate in the Gulf dispute. On Wednesday he will visit Qatar, which Ankara has supported and where Turkey has a military base. ",1
14973,UK PM May wants to agree outline Brexit transition in next few months,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May wants to agree the broad outline of a transition deal with the European Union for after Brexit in the next few months, her spokesman said on Monday.  We would hope we could reach an agreement on the broad outline of what an implementation period looks like within the next few months,  the spokesman told reporters. ",1
14974,Human rights skirted at Asia summit as Trump rounds off tour,"MANILA (Reuters) - Leaders of Asian nations meeting in Manila on Monday skirted around the mass exodus of Rohingya Muslims triggered by Myanmar s military crackdown, disappointing human rights groups who were hoping for a tough stand on the humanitarian crisis. There was no pressure either from U.S. President Donald Trump over the Philippines  bloody war on drugs during a meeting on the sidelines of the summit with President Rodrigo Duterte. Trump told reporters that he had a  great relationship  with Philippines leader, who, a year ago, had branded then-President Barack Obama  a son of a bitch  for questioning his ruthless campaign.  They really hit it off,  Duterte s Communications Secretary Martin Andanar told reporters after the meeting with Trump. A draft of the statement to be issued after a meeting of Southeast Asian leaders made no mention of the flight of Rohingya from military operations in Myanmar s Rakhine state  that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. One paragraph mentioned fleetingly the importance of humanitarian relief for  affected communities  in Rakhine state. The statement was drawn up by the Philippines, current chair of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which includes Myanmar. It did not use the term Rohingya for the persecuted Muslim minority, which Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has asked foreign leaders to avoid. The government in mostly-Buddhist Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and does not recognize the term. Over 600,000 Rohingya have fled to refugee camps in Bangladesh since military clearance operations were launched in response to attacks by Rohingya militants on Aug. 25. The plight of the Rohingya has brought outrage from around the world and there have been calls for democracy champion Suu Kyi to be stripped of the Nobel peace prize she won in 1991 because she has not condemned the military s actions. Some ASEAN countries, particularly Muslim-majority Malaysia, have voiced strong concern over the issue recently. However, in keeping with ASEAN s principle of non-interference in each others  internal affairs, it appeared to have been put aside at the summit.  With Myanmar having ethnically cleansed 600,000 Rohingya Muslims in just two months, it s time for ASEAN to transcend its do-nothing approach to atrocities among its members,  said  Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, in a Twitter message. The ASEAN leaders did agree that they should not take a lull in the dispute over the South China Sea for granted.  While the situation is calmer now, we cannot take the current progress for granted,  they said in a statement drafted ahead of a meeting with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang.  It is in our collective interest to avoid miscalculations that could lead to escalation of tensions.  China claims almost all of the sea, one of the world s busiest waterways. Taiwan and four ASEAN nations - Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Brunei - have competing claims. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suggested ahead of the summit that, despite their differences, the leaders should not discuss the South China Sea.  We have to be friends. The other hotheads would like us to confront China and the rest of the world on so many issues,  he said on Sunday.  The South China Sea is better left untouched.  At the meeting s formal opening on Monday, he pointed to other triggers for a threat of violence in the region, including terrorism, violent extremism, and piracy on the seas.  The menace of illegal drug trade continues to endanger the very fabric of our society,  he said. More than 3,900 people have been killed in the war on drugs that Duterte declared when he took office last year. His government says the police act in self-defense, but critics say executions are taking place with no accountability. The United States and the Philippines, a former U.S. colony, have been strategic allies since World War Two. But their relations have been strained by anti-U.S. outbursts from Duterte and his enthusiasm for better ties with Russia and China. However, the animosity of the past appears to have been all-but forgotten, and Duterte - who has been called the  Trump of the East  for his brash style and coarse language - told the U.S. president:  We are your ally. We are an important ally.  Trump was criticized earlier this year after he praised Duterte during a phone call for the  great job  he was doing to counter illegal narcotics. The two leaders seem to have warmed to each other after meeting for the first time on Saturday at a meeting of Pacific Rim leaders in Vietnam. On Sunday, Duterte crooned hit Filipino love song  Ikaw  (You) at a gala dinner in Manila, saying it was on  the orders  of Trump. One of the song s verses begins:  You are the light in my world, a half of this heart of mine . On the last leg of a marathon Asia tour that has taken him to Japan, South Korea, China and Vietnam, Trump told reporters that he had made significant progress on trade issues.  We ve made some very big steps with respect to trade, far bigger than anything you know,  he said, describing his trip as fruitful and adding:  It was red carpet like nobody, I think, has probably ever seen.  ",1
14975,Saudi-led coalition wants Yemen weapons checks strengthened before main port reopens,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting in Yemen said it will continue to block the main aid route into the country until it is satisfied its Houthi opponents cannot use it to bring in weapons. The coalition closed all air, land and sea access to Yemen last week following the interception of a missile fired toward the Saudi capital, saying it had to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. Aid agencies warned the move would worsen the humanitarian crisis in the country, where the war has left an estimated seven million people facing famine. Ports controlled by Yemen s exiled government would reopen soon, the coalition said on Sunday in a statement issued by the Saudi mission at the United Nations. However other ports, including Houthi-controlled Hodeidah   where some 80 percent of Yemen s food supplies enter   will remain closed until a U.N. verification regime is reviewed to ensure no weapons reach the Houthis, the statement said.  The coalition, in consultation and full agreement with the legitimate government, will begin steps related to re-opening of airports and ports in Yemen to allow the transport of humanitarian and commercial cargo,  the statement said. It said the first steps will start within 24 hours and will include the southern ports of Aden and Mukalla and the Red Sea port of al-Mokha, which are all controlled by Hadi s government. The coalition asked U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to send a delegation to Riyadh to  review current inspection measures to reinforce and introduce a more effective inspection and verification regime (UNVIM) aimed at facilitating the flow of humanitarian and commercial supplies and prevent smuggling of weapons, ammunition and missile parts...  Saudi Arabia has accused arch-foe Iran of supplying the ballistic missile which was shot down near Riyadh airport without causing any casualties. Iran has denied the accusation.  The United Nations and international aid organizations have repeatedly criticized the coalition in the past for blocking aid access, especially to the north, which is held by the Iran-aligned Houthis battling the Saudi-led coalition. More than 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict, which pits the internationally recognized government, backed by Saudi Arabia and its allies, against the Houthis and forces loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee and seek help from neighboring Saudi Arabia. ",1
14976,Smog chokes Indian capital as emergency measures fail to bring relief,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A thick cloud of toxic smog 10 times the recommended limit enveloped India s capital, New Delhi, on Monday, as government officials struggled to tackle a public health crisis that is well into its second week. A U.S. embassy measure showed levels of poisonous airborne particles, known as PM 2.5, had reached 498 on Monday afternoon, compared with the upper limit of  good  quality air at 50. India s weather office said rain was forecast over the next three days which could help clear the smog.  Light rainfall is likely in states surrounding Delhi and in Delhi over the next three days, and this could result in a change in wind pattern in the region,  Charan Singh, a scientist at India Meteorological Department, told Reuters.  Smog will start to abate starting tomorrow.  But Skymet, India s only private weather forecaster, said dense smog would continue over Delhi and the surrounding area for at least the next two days. The Supreme Court is due to hear a petition filed by a New Delhi lawyer to direct government authorities to tackle the  intolerable and unbearable air pollution . The Delhi state government declared a public health emergency last week after pollution levels spiked, a yearly phenomenon blamed on a combination of illegal crop burning in northern states, vehicle exhaust and dust. Over the weekend, authorities began using fire trucks to spray water in parts of the capital to keep the dust and other air particles down, but it has had little effect.  A senior federal government official said there was little more that could be done.  We can only do this much, and now we will have to wait for rains to clean the atmosphere,  said Prashant Gargava, an official at the Central Pollution Control Board. Gargava, who is in charge of monitoring air quality, said Delhi s air has been consistently in the  hazardous  zone, despite measures such as a halt to construction and increasing car parking charges four-fold to encourage people to use public transport. The PM 2.5 airborne particles are about 30 times finer than a human hair. The particles can be inhaled deep into the lungs, causing respiratory diseases and other ailments. Hospitals have seen a surge of patients coming in with respiratory complaints, according to media reports.  Every second we are damaging our lungs, but we cannot stop breathing,  said Arvind Kumar, the head of the chest and lung surgery department at the Sir Ganga Ram hospital. United Airlines said it had resumed flights from Newark, New Jersey, to New Delhi on Sunday, after suspending the service temporarily over concern about the bad air. Authorities decided to reopen schools on Monday after closing them temporarily for a few days last week, but the decision is likely to add more vehicles on the road.  Enforcement agencies said they were unable to impose a blanket ban on the movement of commercial trucks. Primary school teacher Aarti Menon said her family had been wearing face masks, even when indoors.  Not everyone can afford an air purifier or air-conditioned car. We are all living in hell,  said Menon, a mother of two teenage daughters. The National Green Tribunal, an environment court, has directed the city government and neighboring states to stop farmers from burning crop stubble. But the governments have not been able to do so. New Delhi-based non-government group TARA Homes for Children, which supports 60 poor children, said it was seeking donations to buy at least five air purifiers.   Some of the children have breathing issues and couldn t go to school,  said a volunteer at the group. ",1
14977,Progress in Brexit talks is urgently needed: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Time is ticking on Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union and there is real urgency to make progress, a German government spokesman said on Monday.  More progress is required as time is ticking,  Steffen Seibert told a regular news conference.  It is understandable that the (EU) chief negotiator (Michel) Barnier stresses how urgent it is for Britain to act promptly, to make proposals.  ",1
14978,France frets over internal threat two years after Paris attacks,"PARIS (Reuters) - Two years after militants killed 130 people in coordinated attacks across Paris, French officials say there remains an unprecedented level of  internal  threat from both within and outside the country. With Islamic State losing ground in Iraq and Syria, hundreds of French citizens - and in some cases their children - have started to return to France, leaving the government in a quandary over how to deal with them. For the first time as president, Emmanuel Macron will pay tribute on Monday to the victims of the mass shootings and suicide bombing that took place across Paris and in the city s northern suburb of Saint-Denis on Nov. 13, 2015. The attacks, the deadliest on French soil since World War Two, prompted the country to strike back, joining international military operations targeting IS and other Islamist militant groups in Iraq, Syria, Libya and elsewhere. There has also been the passage of more stringent French legislation, with the most recent law, effective this month, giving police extended powers to search properties, conduct electronic eavesdropping and shut mosques or other locations suspected of preaching hatred. Conservative politicians say the regulations don t go far enough, while human rights groups express alarm, saying security forces are being given too much freedom to curtail rights.  Macron - often parodied for his  on the one hand, on the other hand  policy pronouncements - has emphasized the need to balance security and liberty. While he has ended the state of emergency brought in after the attacks, heavily armed soldiers still patrol the streets of Paris daily, and barely a week goes by without a police operation to round up suspects.  According to the interior ministry, extraordinary measures have helped intelligence agencies thwart more than 30 attacks in the last two years. Last week, the police arrested nine people and another was apprehended in Switzerland in a coordinated counter-terrorism operation.   What worries us are plans for terrorist attacks prepared by teams that are still operating in fighting zones in Syria and Iraq,  Laurent Nunez, head of France s internal intelligence agency DGSI told French daily Le Figaro in a rare interview. The risk of a home-grown attack also remains strong, with a risk of more attacks from isolated individuals using  low-cost  methods such as cars or knives to kill, he said. The hypothesis of a car bomb attack or suicide bomber cannot be excluded either although his services had not uncovered any such plan, he said. Of particular concern is what to do about hundreds of French citizens who went to fight with IS and may now seek to return home, now that the militant group has lost nearly all the territory its self-proclaimed caliphate ruled in Syria and Iraq.  We know that the will of the jihadists to take action is intact,  Nunez said. Visiting Abu Dhabi last week, Macron said those returning would be studied on  a case-by-case  basis.  Some of them will be coming back (by their own means), others will be repatriated and some, in specific circumstances, will be facing trial with their families in the countries where they are currently, Iraq in particular,  he said.  A majority doesn t want to come back to France given the legal proceedings they face upon their return. But some women, widows, with their children, are inclined to travel back,  French prosecutor Francois Molins said.  We should not be naive. We are dealing with people who are more  disappointed  than  sorry.  (This version of the story adds dropped words in first paragraph) ",1
14979,Over half of Spaniards want early national election: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - More than half of Spanish voters favor an early national election, a survey showed on Monday, as support waned for a minority government embroiled in the country s worst political crisis in decades. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy imposed direct rule on the region of Catalonia after it held an independence referendum on Oct. 1 that Spanish courts had declared illegal. The term of the minority government led by his center-right People s Party (PP) expires in 2020, but 55 percent of respondents in Monday s survey said they wanted a ballot before then. The figure in an equivalent survey in October was 49 percent.  The poll was taken by pollsters Metroscopia for newspaper El Pais newspaper between Nov. 6 and 8 as former Catalan president Carles Puigdemont   whose government was sacked by Rajoy   pursued his campaign for the region s independence from self-imposed exile in Belgium.  Authorities in Madrid have called an election in Catalonia for Dec. 21. Rajoy was given a second term in October 2016 when the PP won the most votes but failed to take a parliament majority. The PP s weakness in parliament has meant the government has struggled to pass legislation, including the 2018 budget. Support for the PP, if the elections were held today, slipped to 26.1 percent in November from 26.9 percent in July. Backing for Ciudadanos (Citizens), a pro-Spanish unity party originally from Catalonia, jumped to 22.7 percent from 18.5 percent, putting it equal second with the Socialists. The poll reflected an official survey taken at the beginning of October that showed support for Ciudadanos had risen during the Catalan crisis, which has become Spaniards  second-largest issue of concern after unemployment. Left-wing Podemos, which supports a negotiated referendum on Catalan independence, saw voting intentions drop to 14.7 percent from 18.7 percent previously, the Metroscopia poll showed. ",1
14980,"It's all his fault: Italy's left obsessed with Renzi, not foes","ROME (Reuters) - National elections are looming and Italy s left seems bent on engineering its own defeat as Democratic Party (PD) leader Matteo Renzi continues to come under fire from potential allies.    The PD emerged badly bruised in a Sicilian regional vote last week, coming in a distant third to a center-right coalition and the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement in a contest that many saw as a dry run for a national election due by May.     Though a weekend poll showed the PD has dropped six percentage points in six months, it remains locked in a three-way race with 5-Star and a center-right coalition that includes four-time Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!). The economy is growing at its fastest pace in seven years and migrant arrivals have fallen dramatically, two factors the ruling PD hopes will help it win over moderate and progressive voters who would never choose Berlusconi and are wary of the untested 5-Star. But a group of left-wing lawmakers who split from the PD earlier this year accuse Renzi of taking the party too far to the right and turning it into his personal fiefdom; and so far they are refusing to make peace.   Former Prime Minister Massimo D Alema, who orchestrated the dramatic schism, never passes up a chance to attack Renzi. Pietro Grasso, the Senate president and a former anti-mafia magistrate who abruptly left the PD last month, quipped that  the PD doesn t exist any more .     The PD and its potential allies could still be key players after the vote if they can only agree to round on their rivals instead of Renzi in the few months left before the election.   The fast-talking 42-year-old Florentine has not made it easy on himself. Just last month he clashed with the most popular member of his own party - Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.    Just days before Bank of Italy Governor Ignazio Visco s mandate was to expire, Renzi blindsided Gentiloni with a parliamentary motion inviting the premier not to give the central banker another six-year term.   The PD accused Visco of doing too little to head off banking crises that cost taxpayers up to 23 billion euros ($26.8 billion) this year in salvage operations on sinking lenders.    To defuse a dispute with President Sergio Mattarella, who formally names Bank of Italy chiefs and who backed Visco, Gentiloni ignored Renzi s appeal.     The Visco affair has opened a fault line  in the party, said a PD lawmaker from Sicily who asked not to be named.  Two power systems are squaring off, one outside the current Italian establishment and one inside. Renzi is on the outside.    Using a soccer analogy, a government source and PD member told Reuters the Visco affair revealed Renzi to be increasingly unpredictable.     Three years ago Renzi was the Diego Maradona of Italian politics, the source said, but now he s more like Antonio Cassano, a tantrum-prone Italian soccer star whose volcanic temper caused problems on the field.    Like Maradona, he was a little hard to handle, but it was OK because the team won,  the source said.  But now he s more like Cassano, whose volatile personality offset his talent and hurt his team.    Under the new electoral law, Renzi and other party secretaries will personally pick their candidates for next year s vote. Many inside the PD are not speaking publicly, but the rebels who have split with the party are holding nothing back.  The reunification of the center left requires a change in policy and leadership,  D Alema said last week.  Laura Garavini, a PD lawmaker close to Renzi, told Reuters that tensions within the party persist.     The idea was that after the split they would disappear, but they haven t,  she said.    Another source of tension on the left has been Renzi s agreement with center-right rivals last month to pass a proportional electoral law that favors pre-vote coalitions, angering the PD splinter party that doesn t want to play second fiddle to Renzi.    Senate President Grasso quit the PD hours after the law passed, criticizing Renzi. The PD breakaway party, known as the MDP, is now courting Grasso as their possible leader.   The latest poll had the PD at 24.3 percent, trailing 5-Star that stood at 29.3 percent, while the center-right is pulling 36.5 percent.        If the PD stops its internal bickering... we can win 40 percent,  Renzi said on a TV talk show last week.  That s easier said that done, as the Sicilian lawmaker explains:  In the PD, we re all equally unpleasant to each other. The category of friendship does not exist. Everyone thinks they re smarter than everyone else.  ",1
14981,PNG threatens to forcibly remove asylum seekers from abandoned Australian detention center,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinea Immigration Minister Petrus Thomas said authorities would take steps on Monday to forcibly remove around 450 men who remain in an abandoned Australian detention center without food or running water. Hundreds of men have barricaded themselves into the Manus Island center for more than 13 days without regular food or water supplies, defying attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea to close the facility, saying they fear for their safety if removed to transit centers.   We will be taking steps with relevant authorities to move the residents based on serious exposure to health risk for the food of everyone that is remaining,  Thomas said in a statement issued late on Sunday. As of 5.00 p.m. (0700 GMT) Monday, no moves had been made by the government to remove the men, several asylum seekers inside the center told Reuters via email. One of the asylum seekers barricaded inside the center said on Monday that water supplies have been destroyed after Papua New Guinea workers entered the site and drained rainwater collected in tanks and garbage bins.  Immigration came and bored holes in the water tanks where we had been collecting rain water,  he said, asking to remain anonymous for fear of reprisals from Papua New Guinea authorities.  They also demolished the well we built.  Running water and electricity to the center were disconnected two weeks ago after Australian security withdrew and the camp closed on Oct. 31. The center had been declared illegal by a Papua New Guinea Court. The United Nations has warned of a  looming humanitarian crisis  among the asylum seekers, who are drawn largely from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. Australia has used the center, and a camp on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, to detain asylum seekers who try to reach its shores by boat. It says boat arrivals will never enter Australia, even if found to be refugees, as that would encourage people smugglers in Asia. Under a refugee swap deal, the United States has agreed to accept potentially up to 1,250 asylum seekers from Manus and Nauru, in return for Australia taking refugees from Central America. The United States has so far only accepted 54 refugees. New Zealand has offered to resettle 150 asylum seekers, but Australia has rejected the offer. (This story has been refiled to fix a typo in the headline) ",1
14982,China says regional cooperation should not be politicized,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Monday that regional cooperation should neither be politicized nor exclusionary, responding to U.S. President Donald Trump s use of the term  Indo-Pacific  during his trip to Asia.  Indo-Pacific  has grown in usage across diplomatic and security circles in Australia, India and Japan in recent years, shorthand for a broader and democratic-led region in place of the  Asia-Pacific , which to some places an authoritarian China too firmly at the center.  Trump and his team have given it fresh currency in recent days, starting during stops in Tokyo and Seoul, building on the rhetoric of his secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, who last month talked of the need to support a  free, open and thriving Indo-Pacific . Although Trump was addressing a meeting alongside the APEC summit of Asia-Pacific leaders in the Vietnamese city of Danang on Friday, he repeatedly referred to the Indo-Pacific region and mentioned the importance of India in his speech. Asked about China s view of the Indo-Pacific concept, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said that peaceful development and win-win cooperation were the trends of the times.   All sides can come up with their own plans and positions on how to promote regional cooperation,  Geng told a daily news briefing in Beijing.   But we hope that plans and positions can accord with and conform to this trend, can suit the general trend of events in the world, and that the relevant plans and positions are open and inclusive, benefiting the promotion of win-win cooperation by all sides, and avoid politicized or exclusionary arrangements.  China has been busy promoting President Xi Jinping s Belt and Road initiative, an extensive infrastructure plan to recreate the ancient Silk Road, linking Asia with the Middle East and Europe, which critics say is more about spreading Chinese influence. China says it is simply a development project for common prosperity that any country is welcome to join. ",1
14983,Australian publisher delays book alleging China influence in Australia,"BEIJING (Reuters) - One of Australia s largest independent publishers said it decided to delay the publication of a book that alleges widespread Chinese government influence in Australian institutions due to legal concerns. Sydney-based Allen & Unwin said in a statement on Sunday it had decided to delay publication of the book,  Silent Invasion , following  extensive legal advice . It said the book s author, Clive Hamilton, was unwilling to delay publication and requested the return of the book s rights.   Hamilton said the publisher s chief executive, Robert Gorman, sent him an email on Wednesday saying the reason for the delay was due to concerns over possible legal action from Beijing. The email from Gorman, which was reviewed by Reuters, said the scheduled publishing date of April next year  was too soon to publish the book and allow us to adequately guard against potential threats to the book and the company from possible action by Beijing .  The email cited fears of a  defamation action . Allen & Unwin s statement on Sunday, from Louise Cornege, its head of publicity, did not specify which court cases it was referring to. Gorman did not respond to requests for comment. Hamilton, an Australian who has previously published eight books with Allen & Unwin, said the  shadow cast by Beijing is enough to make them so nervous about the consequences of publishing criticism of the Communist Party . Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said on Monday that, while she was unaware of the specific contractual details between the author and publisher, she  would be concerned if there were any attempts to stifle free speech in Australia, particularly at the behest of a foreign government . China s State Council Information Office, which doubles as the ruling Chinese Communist Party s spokesman s office, did not immediately respond to a request for comment sent on Sunday.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a daily news briefing on Monday that he was unaware of the issue, but that China was committed to developing exchanges and cooperation with Australia in all areas on the basis of mutual respect and equality. Concern in Australia that Beijing may be extending its influence in the country has become a topic of political debate and media coverage over the past year. In June, Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Fairfax Media, publisher of the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age newspapers, published reports saying that there was a concerted campaign by China and its proxies to  infiltrate  the Australian political process and institutions to promote Chinese interests. China has denied the claims in the reports, which the Chinese Foreign Ministry has said were  totally unfounded and irresponsible . Fairfax and the ABC declined to comment. Australia s Attorney-General George Brandis said in June that  the threat of political interference by foreign intelligence services is a problem of the highest order and is getting worse . He said the Australian government had conducted a  comprehensive review  and planned to strengthen the country s espionage and foreign interference laws. Hamilton said his book was the  first comprehensive national study of Beijing s program of exerting influence on another nation . The book documented the influence and penetration of the Chinese Communist Party in Australian political parties, universities and cultural organizations, as well as the Chinese diaspora in Australia, he said in a telephone interview. The delay of the book comes after two international publishing houses - Springer Nature, which publishes science magazines Nature and Scientific American, and Cambridge University Press - were criticized recently for restricting access to articles on sensitive subjects in China. In August, Cambridge University Press, which had initially blocked online access to hundreds of scholarly articles in China reversed its position and reposted the material, following an outcry over academic freedom. Cambridge University said at the time that the move to block content had been a  temporary decision . Springer said early this month that it had pulled access to a small number of articles in China to comply with regulations, adding that it viewed the move as regrettable but necessary. Beijing has said all publications imported into China must comply with Chinese laws and regulations. ",1
14984,"Human rights, killings not addressed in Duterte-Trump talks: spokesman","MANILA (Reuters) - The issue of human rights and alleged extrajudicial killings in the Philippines was not discussed during a meeting on Monday between U.S. President Donald Trump and counterpart Rodrigo Duterte, a Philippine spokesman said.  Harry Roque, Duterte s spokesman, told a news conference Duterte had explained his anti-drugs policy at length to Trump, who  seemed to be appreciative of his efforts . Roque described the relationship between Trump and Duterte as  warm, friendly and candid  and said they shared similar feelings about former U.S. President Barack Obama. Roque also said the plight of Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims was discussed between leaders of ASEAN and that Myanmar responded.       ",1
14985,Death toll in Iran's western province quake reaches 328: ISNA,"ANKARA (Reuters) - At least 328 people were killed and over 2,500 injured by a quake in Iran s Kermanshah province. on the Iraqi border, the Students News agency ISNA reported on Monday. ISNA quoted the coroner s office in the province as saying that the death toll was expected to increase.  ",1
14986,Exclusive: $6 for 38 days work: Child exploitation rife in Rohingya camps,"COX S BAZAR/KUTUPALONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya refugee children from Myanmar are working punishing hours for paltry pay in Bangladesh, with some suffering beatings and sexual assault, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) has found. Independent reporting by Reuters corroborated some of the findings. The results of a probe by the IOM into exploitation and trafficking in Bangladesh s refugee camps, which Reuters reviewed on an exclusive basis, also documented accounts of Rohingya girls as young as 11 getting married, and parents saying the unions would provide protection and economic advancement. About 450,000 children, or 55 percent of the refugee population, live in teeming settlements near the border with Myanmar after fleeing the destruction of villages and alleged murder, looting and rape by security forces and Buddhist mobs. Afjurul Hoque Tutul, additional superintendent of police in Cox s Bazar, near where the camps are based, said 11 checkpoints had been set up that would help prevent children from leaving.  If any Rohingya child is found working, then the owners will be punished,  he said. Most of the refugees have arrived in the past two and a half months after attacks on about 30 security posts by Rohingya rebels met a ferocious response from Myanmar s military. Described by the United Nations human rights commissioner Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein as a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing , Myanmar s government counters that its actions are a proportionate response to attacks by Rohingya  terrorists . The IOM s findings, based on discussions with groups of long-term residents and recent arrivals, and separate interviews by Reuters, show life in the refugee camps is hardly better than it is in Myanmar for Rohingya children. The IOM said children were targeted by labor agents and encouraged to work by their destitute parents amid widespread malnutrition and poverty in the camps. Education opportunities are limited for children beyond Grade 3.   Rohingya boys and girls as young as seven years old were confirmed working outside the settlements, according to the findings. Boys work on farms, construction sites and fishing boats, as well as in tea shops and as rickshaw drivers, the IOM and Rohingya residents in the camp reported. Girls typically work as maids and nannies for Bangladeshi families, either in the nearby resort town of Cox s Bazar or in Chittagong, Bangladesh s second-largest city, about 150 km (100 miles) from the camps. One Rohingya parent, who asked not to be identified because she feared reprisals, told Reuters her 14-year-old daughter had been working in Chittagong as a maid but fled her employers. When she returned to the camp, she was unable to walk, her mother said, adding that her daughter s Bangladeshi employers had physically and sexually assaulted her.  The husband was an alcoholic and he would come to her bedroom at night and rape her. He did it six or seven times,  the mother said.  They gave us no money. Nothing.  The account could not be independently verified by Reuters but was similar to others recorded by the IOM. Most interviewees said female Rohingya refugees  experienced sexual harassment, rape and being forced to marry the person who raped her , the IOM said. Across Bangladesh s refugee settlements, Reuters saw children wandering muddy lanes alone and aimlessly, or sitting listlessly outside tents. Many children begged along roadsides. The Inter Sector Coordination Group, which oversees UN agencies and charities, said this month it had documented 2,462 unaccompanied and separated children in the camps. The actual number was  likely to be far higher , it said. A preliminary survey by the UNHCR and Bangladesh s Refugee Relief and Repatriation Commission has found that 5 percent of households - or 3,576 families - were headed by a child. Reuters interviewed seven families who sent their children to work. All reported terrible working conditions, low wages or abuse.  Muhammad Zubair, dressed in a dirty football shirt, his small stature belying his stated age of 12 years old, said he was offered 250 taka per day but ended up with only 500 taka ($6) for 38 days work building roads. His mother said he was 14 years old.  It was hard work, laying bricks on the road,  he said, squatting in the doorway of his mud hut in the Kutupalong camp. He said he was verbally abused by his employers when he asked for more money and was told to leave. He declined to provide their identities.  Zubair then took a job in a tea shop for a month, putting in two shifts per day from 6am to past midnight, broken by a four-hour rest period in the afternoon. He said he wasn t allowed to leave the shop and was only permitted to speak to his parents by phone once.   When I wasn t paid, I escaped,  he said.  I was frightened because I thought the owner, the master, would come here with other people and take me again.  Many parents also pressure their daughters to marry early, for protection and for financial stability, according to the IOM findings. Some child brides are as young as 11, the IOM said. But many women only became  second wives,  the IOM said. Second wives are frequently divorced quickly and  abandoned without any further economic support . Kateryna Ardanyan, an IOM anti-trafficking specialist, said exploitation had become  normalized  in the camps.  Human traffickers usually adapt faster to the situation than any other response mechanism can. It s very important we try to do prevention.  Ardanyan said.  Funding dedicated to protecting Rohingya men, women and children from exploitation and abuse is urgently needed.    ",1
14987,Trump briefly discussed rights with Philippines' Duterte: White House,"MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump briefly discussed human rights with Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte in the context of his war on drugs when the two met on Monday, a White House spokeswoman said.  The two also discussed Islamic State, trade and narcotics during the much anticipated meeting on the sidelines of a summit of Asian leaders in Manila. Trump said the two had a  great relationship .  Human rights briefly came up in the context of the Philippines  fight against illegal drugs,  said White House spokeswoman, Sarah Sanders. ",1
14988,Iranian-backed militias routed in last Syrian militant stronghold,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Islamic State militants regained control of Albu Kamal, their last stronghold in Syria, after Iranian-backed militias who claimed to have captured the city a few days earlier were ambushed and forced to retreat, tribal leaders, residents and a war monitor said on Monday. Fighters from Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah in Syria who joined forces with Iraqi Shi ite fighters crossing the border into Syria were taken by surprise by militants hiding inside tunnels in the heart of the city they said they had taken on Wednesday, they said. The Shi ite fighters had launched a ground offensive on the city, in Syria s eastern Deir al Zor province where the Euphrates river meets, after months of mainly heavy Russian bombardment against the city that killed dozens of civilians and caused widespread destruction.  Islamic State militants began surprise attacks with suicide bombers and rocket attacks after the Iranian militias were duped that Daesh (Islamic State) had left the city,  said Qahtan Ghanam al Ali, a tribal leader in touch with relatives. The Syrian army had on Thursday declared victory over Islamic State, claiming it had killed many militants while scores surrendered. It said the capture of Albu Kamal marked the collapse of the militants  three-year reign in the region.  The army made no mention of the loss of Albu Kamal but Hezbollah s media unit said intensive aerial strikes pounded Islamic State hideouts in the western countryside of the city. The offensive was spearheaded by elite forces from Hezbollah fighting inside Syria alongside an array of Iraqi and Afghan Shi ite militias that had entered from Iraq, a commander in that alliance told Reuters.  These militant attacks lead to big human losses in the ranks of fighters supporting the regime,  the U.K.-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.       Albu Kamal, a major supply and communications hub for the ultra-hardline militants between Syria and Iraq, was a big prize for the Iranian-backed militias. The militants  control of the city and its sister border town of al Qaim on the Iraqi side had disrupted the strategic Baghdad-Damascus highway that had long been a major arms supply conduit by Iran to its Syrian ally. The Syrian opposition and some Western countries say Iran s strong military intervention on the side of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, alongside its backing of other Shi ite militias, is fuelling the sectarian dimension of the Syrian civil war by radicalizing mainstream Sunni rebels. An overstretched Syrian army is now more than ever dependent on Shi ite militias on the ground and Russia s military fire power to recapture ground from Sunni insurgents. Islamic State, the jihadist group that once laid claim to a self-styled  caliphate  spanning swathes of Syria and Iraq, has seen its proto-state crumble in recent months under the pressure of multiple offensives. On Sunday, jets believed to be Russian intensified their third day of bombing of Albu Kamal and its outskirts, with at least 50 civilians, mostly women and children, killed since Friday, the monitor and residents said.  In retaliation for their losses, Iranian militias who were forced to withdraw shelled villages east of the city where hundreds of families who fled Albu Kamal had found temporary refuge, the U.K.-based war monitor said. In one air strike on the town of Sukariya, east of the city, at least thirty people were killed, mostly women and children from three families, two former residents of the city in contact with relatives said. Other aerial strikes hit villages of Marshada and Sousa near the river crossing where hundreds of civilians were targeted as they fled in small boats and dinghies, they added. Albu Kamal has been a target of intensive strikes believed to be conducted by Russia across Deir al Zor province which has killed hundreds of civilians in recent months, according to the monitor and local figures. Military experts and Syrian opposition figures say Russia has stepped up a  scorched earth  policy in the province with its aerial bombing in recent months to secure a rapid military victory at any price for its military and its allies. ",1
14989,Taiwan tells U.S. it does not want to cause trouble in Taiwan Strait,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan has assured the United States it has no intention of causing trouble in the Taiwan Strait, the self-ruled island s envoy to a summit of Asia-Pacific leaders said on Monday.  The comments by James Soong came after he told reporters in the Vietnamese city of Danang at the weekend that he had good exchanges with both U.S. President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during informal moments between summit events.  We don t want to create trouble in the Taiwan Strait, and lead the U.S., China and Japan, and all observers, to think we are a troublemaker. The whole world doesn t hope for Taiwan to be a troublemaker,  Soong said in response to a question on his interactions with Trump and Tillerson.  We hope to use peaceful means to solve relevant problems.  Soong also said he had a  natural interaction  with Chinese President Xi Jinping.  Relations between Beijing and Taipei have nosedived since President Tsai Ing-wen was elected last year. China believes she wants formal independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing. For her part, Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China but will defend Taiwan s democracy and security. China has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taiwan since Tsai came to power and stepped up military exercises around the island. It has also increased diplomatic pressure by winning over another two of the island s dwindling number of diplomatic allies. Soong, who is chairman of the China-friendly People First Party, emphasized at the summit that Tsai had repeatedly talked about seeking peaceful relations and stability with China. This month, Xi told Trump in Beijing that Taiwan was the most important and sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties.  ",1
14990,Former head of Chinese news agency expelled from party for graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The retired former head of a Chinese state-run news agency has been expelled from the ruling Communist Party for graft, an anti-corruption watchdog said on Monday. Liu Beixian, editor-in-chief of the China News Service until retiring in February 2015, accepted bribes and expensive gifts while abusing his power to obtain financial gain for private enterprises, the watchdog, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, said in a statement. The commission said Liu, 62, also violated regulations by flying first class multiple times and he was uncooperative when being investigated.  As a leading cadre, Liu Beixian lost his ideals and convictions and had serious thoughts of privilege,  the commission said, adding that the evidence would be transferred to relevant judicial authorities for prosecution. It was not possible to reach Liu or a legal or family representative for comment. Liu was put under investigation in August for  serious disciplinary violations , a euphemism for graft. The China News Service is run under the auspices of the cabinet s Overseas Chinese Affairs Office, and is designed to serve as a news source for Chinese communities in places like Hong Kong and self-ruled Taiwan. It is separate from Xinhua, China s official news agency. Liu began working at the China News Service in 1983 and was its Hong Kong bureau chief from 1997 to 2000, according to his official resume. The former British territory was handed back to China in 1997. President Xi Jinping has mounted a sweeping campaign against deep-rooted corruption since taking office five years ago, jailing or meting out lesser punishments to hundreds of thousands of officials. ",1
14991,Australian PM's support falls to new lows amid citizenship crisis,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull slumped to a new low in a poll released on Monday as his government cobbled together a deal with the main opposition party to stem a citizenship crisis that has left his government hanging precariously to power. Turnbull has been heavily criticized for failing to act decisively in a crisis that has so far seen his deputy, along with six other lawmakers, ejected from parliament because they were dual citizens, leaving Turnbull presiding over a minority government.  In the latest twist in a drama that has played out over several months, independent lawmakers threatened over the weekend to use their new-found power in the lower house to push through controversial legislation that has been blocked by the government, including a Royal Commission into the banking sector.   The latest Newspoll, published by The Australian, showed the main opposition Labor Party leading Turnbull s Liberal-National party coalition on a two-party basis, marking a 23rd consecutive loss since Turnbull ousted Tony Abbott to become prime minister in September 2015. Turnbull, then riding high in the polls, cited the fact that Abbott lost 30 consecutive Newspolls to justify the spill. On a personal basis, Turnbull s support crumbled from 41 percent to 36 percent. At the time of becoming prime minister, his support was at an all-time high of 55 percent.  He s probably had one of the fastest falls in personal standing in our history,  former Liberal Party leader John Hewson told Australian Broadcasting Corp television.  And worse still, no outcomes that really matter to the average voter.  The citizenship saga has overshadowed Turnbull s attempts to turn the domestic agenda to voter-friendly issues like tax reform, infrastructure and housing affordability. A contentious national survey on same-sex marriage and a checkered rollout of a multibillion dollar broadband network have added to perceptions of chaos in the country s leadership. With Turnbull in Vietnam for a meeting of Asia-Pacific leaders, his foreign minister and acting prime minister Julie Bishop told reporters the polls were  not surprising  and the government had a plan to resolve the dual citizenship issue. Dual citizenship is banned for members of parliament under Australia s constitution in a bid to prevent split allegiances. But adherence to that rule has only come under the spotlight in the current crisis, with the High Court confirming a strict interpretation of the law. With both sides of politics threatening to out lawmakers from the other side as dual citizens, the government and opposition agreed on Monday to a deadline of Dec. 1 for all politicians to disclose the birthplace of their parents and grandparents.  ",1
14992,Singapore founder's grandson names lawyer in contempt case,"SINGAPORE/CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts (Reuters) - A nephew of Singapore s prime minister said a contempt of court proceeding against him, stemming from comments he made about the country s legal system, was  meritless  and he had appointed a lawyer to represent him. The Singapore attorney-general s office started court proceedings in August against Li Shengwu over a Facebook post in which he said the Singapore government is  very litigious and has a pliant court system.  Li, who is a grandson of the city state s founding leader Lee Kuan Yew, said at the weekend he had retained Singapore attorney Abraham Vergis, of the firm Providence Law Asia, to represent him.  It s sad that the Singapore government continues to press these meritless charges against me,  Li, a U.S.-based academic, told Reuters. Vergis, a veteran litigation lawyer, appeared at the Singapore High Court on Monday in a closed-door conference on the case. He said the case was likely to be a drawn out process and when asked how Li planned to proceed, Vergis told Reuters:  It is premature to be talking about that.  Lawyer Francis Ng, the senior state counsel from the attorney general s chambers, declined to comment. Singapore parliament last year passed a bill that made it punishable by up to three years in prison or a fine of up to S$100,000 (US$73,530) for anyone who alleges the country s judiciary is bias. Ng has previously described Li s Facebook post as  an egregious and baseless attack  on the Singapore legal system. On Aug. 4, Li said he did not mean to attack the Singapore judiciary and he had amended the  private  post to avoid misunderstanding, though he hasn t disclosed what changes he made. Li told Reuters in separate comments in an interview in August that he had left the country in July after friends expressed concerns he might be detained by the authorities. In the interview, Li did not identify the friends or specify the information they had. Reuters has no independent evidence that Li faced any threats to his safety.  In Singapore, it is possible that one can be detained and interrogated for some time without a lawyer,  Li said at the time. The case relates to a feud between Lee Kuan Yew s three children over the fate of Lee s house, which earlier this year gripped the nation not accustomed to such disputes erupting into public view. Lee Hsien Yang and sister Lee Wei Ling accused their elder brother, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, of abusing power to try to save the house as a historic monument in defiance of their father s wishes. The premier called a special sitting of parliament to  clear the air  over the issue and afterwards said the debate had failed to find any substantial evidence of abuse of power. Lee Kuan Yew, who died in 2015 at the age of 91, had lived in the house for most of his life. ",1
14993,Suspected Indonesian radicals armed with bows and arrows burn down police complex,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police shot dead two men suspected of burning down a police station complex in a jihadist-inspired attack after they fired at them with bows and arrows, officials said on Monday. All the main buildings at the police headquarters in Dharmasraya regency in West Sumatra were burned to the ground in Sunday s attack. There were no casualties.   We are investigating links between the fire and the two terrorists who were killed,  said national police spokesman Rikwanto, adding that a jihadist message was found scrawled on a piece of paper on one of the suspects.     He added that firefighters had found two suspects near the complex and reported them to police. The suspects tried to shoot at police with bows and arrows and were shot dead. Police and police buildings have been the primary targets for militants in Indonesia for many years, because of a sustained crackdown by the anti-terrorism force on home-grown radicals. Detachment 88 - known locally as  Densus 88  - has managed to stamp out or weaken many radical Islamist networks. But the world s largest Muslim-majority nation has seen a recent resurgence in radicalism, inspired largely by Islamic State. A series of small-scale attacks since early 2016 have been linked to Islamic State, which is believed to have thousands of sympathizers in Indonesia.  ",1
14994,Southeast Asia summit draft statement skips over Rohingya crisis,"MANILA (Reuters) - A draft of the statement to be issued after a Southeast Asian summit makes no mention of the exodus of Rohingya Muslims from  Myanmar s Rakhine state following a military crackdown that has been described by the United Nations as ethnic cleansing. One paragraph of the communique, seen by Reuters on Monday, mentions the importance of humanitarian relief provided for victims of natural disasters in Vietnam and a recent urban battle with Islamist militants in the Philippines, as well as  affected communities  in northern Rakhine state. The statement was drawn up by the Philippines, current chair of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) - which includes Myanmar - whose leaders met for a plenary session in Manila on Monday. The draft did not give any details of the situation in northern Rakhine or use the term Rohingya for the persecuted Muslim minority, which Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has asked foreign leaders to avoid. The government in mostly-Buddhist Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal migrants from Bangladesh and does not recognize the term. Well over 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh to find shelter in refugee camps after military clearance operations were launched in response to attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts on Aug. 25. The plight of the Rohingya has brought outrage from around the world and there have been calls for democracy champion Suu Kyi to be stripped of the Nobel peace prize she won in 1991 because she has not condemned the Myanmar military s actions. In September, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said the situation in Rakhine was best described as ethnic cleansing. Some members of ASEAN, particularly Muslim-majority Malaysia, have voiced concern. However, in keeping with ASEAN s principle of non-interference in the internal affairs of one another, the issue appears to have been put aside at the summit. In September, Malaysia disavowed a statement issued by the Philippines on behalf of ASEAN s foreign ministers as misrepresenting  the reality  because it did not identify the Rohingya as an affected community in Rakhine state. Suu Kyi, who did not mention the crisis in a speech after arriving in Manila on Sunday, criticized ASEAN s principle of non-interference herself in 1999 when she was fighting for democracy in a country then ruled by a military junta.  This policy of non-interference is just an excuse for not helping,  she wrote in an opinion column in the Thai daily the Nation at the time.  In this day and age, you cannot avoid interference in the matters of other countries.  Roberto Romulo, a former Philippine foreign minister, told the Philippine news channel ANC that there appeared to be no discussion about the Rohingya at the ASEAN summit.  They re treating with a great deal of respect a discredited Nobel Peace Prize winner like Aung San Suu Kyi,  he said. Amnesty International Philippines representative Wilnor Papa told ANC that the ASEAN leaders would talk about  terrorism and peace and order ... but there are a whole lot of elephants in the room they won t be talking about, that people are trying to ignore.  ",1
14995,Australian publisher delays book alleging China influence in Australia,"BEIJING (Reuters) - One of Australia s largest independent publishers said it decided to delay the publication of a book which alleges widespread Chinese government influence in Australian institutions due to legal concerns. Sydney-based Allen & Unwin said in a statement on Sunday that it decided to delay publication of the book,  Silent Invasion , following  extensive legal advice . It said the book s author, Clive Hamilton, was unwilling to delay publication and requested the return of the book s rights.   Hamilton said the publisher s chief executive, Robert Gorman, sent him an email on Wednesday saying that the reason for the delay was due to concerns over possible legal action from Beijing. The email from Gorman, which was reviewed by Reuters, said the scheduled publishing date of April next year  was too soon to publish the book and allow us to adequately guard against potential threats to the book and the company from possible action by Beijing .  The email cited fears of a  defamation action . Allen & Unwin s statement on Sunday, from Louise Cornege, its head of publicity, did not specify which court cases it was referring to. Gorman did not respond to requests for comment. Hamilton, an Australian who has previously published eight books with Allen & Unwin, said the  shadow cast by Beijing is enough to make them so nervous about the consequences of publishing criticism of the Communist Party . China s State Council Information Office, which doubles as the ruling Chinese Communist Party s spokesman s office, did not immediately respond to a request for comment sent on Sunday. Its foreign ministry did not immediately reply to a faxed request for comment sent on Monday. Concern in Australia that Beijing may be extending its influence in the country has become a topic of political debate and media coverage over the past year. In June, Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Fairfax Media, publisher of the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age newspapers, published reports saying that there was a concerted campaign by China and its proxies to  infiltrate  the Australian political process and institutions to promote Chinese interests. China has denied the claims in the reports, which the Chinese Foreign Ministry has said were  totally unfounded and irresponsible . Fairfax and the ABC declined to comment. Australia s Attorney-General George Brandis said in June that  the threat of political interference by foreign intelligence services is a problem of the highest order and is getting worse . He said the Australian government had conducted a  comprehensive review  and planned to strengthen the country s espionage and foreign interference laws. Hamilton said his book was the  first comprehensive national study of Beijing s program of exerting influence on another nation . The book documented the influence and penetration of the Chinese Communist Party in Australian political parties, universities and cultural organizations, as well as the Chinese diaspora in Australia, he said in a telephone interview. The delay of the book comes after two international publishing houses - Springer Nature, which publishes science magazines Nature and Scientific American, and Cambridge University Press - were criticized recently for restricting access to articles on sensitive subjects in China. In August, Cambridge University Press, which had initially blocked online access to hundreds of scholarly articles in China reversed its position and reposted the material, following an outcry over academic freedom. Cambridge University said at the time that the move to block content had been a  temporary decision . Springer said early this month that it had pulled access to a small number of articles in China to comply with regulations, adding that it viewed the move as regrettable but necessary. Beijing has said all publications imported into China must comply with Chinese laws and regulations. ",1
14996,Exclusive: Japan to delay multi-billion dollar fighter jet development - sources,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will delay a decision to develop a new advanced fighter jet, four sources said, as military planners struggle to settle on a design and officials splash out on new U.S. equipment such as ballistic missile interceptors and F-35 stealth planes. Faced with a growing military threat from North Korea and increased activity by Chinese air force jets over the East China Sea, Japan is under pressure to improve its defenses on two fronts. Any delay to the new fighter, known as the F-3, will raise a question mark over the future of what could be one of the world s most lucrative upcoming military contracts, estimated at more than $40 billion to develop and deploy.  A decision after the first half of 2018 would be too late for it to be included as a core program in a new five-year defense equipment plan beginning April 2019 that Japan will reveal at the end of next year.        The direction is for the F-3 decision to be put back,  said one the sources who have knowledge of the discussion. The people who spoke to Reuters asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to talk to the media. They said the decision, on whether to forge ahead as a domestic program or seek international collaboration, would now likely come after 2018.          Regarding the F-3 decision, including whether we will delay a choice, we have haven t come to any conclusion,  a spokeswoman for the Ministry of Defence Acquisition Technology & Logistics Agency said. Analysts estimate developing the F-3 could cost $40 billion, a figure described another source as an  initial cost.   With a defense budget of around $50 billion that has increased in the past few years at just under an annual 1 percent, that outlay, even spread out over years of development, represents a major undertaking.  It would come at a time when Japan is spending a record amounts on U.S. equipment, including Lockheed Martin Corp s F-35 jet, Raytheon defense missiles and Boeing Co and Textron Inc s tilt-rotor Osprey troop aircraft.  In 2013, Japan procured 118 billion yen ($1 billion) of equipment through the U.S. government s Foreign Military Sales (FMS) system. By last year, that outlay had quadrupled to 486 billion yen. President Donald Trump in Tokyo last week called on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to purchase additional U.S.-made weapons as his administration pushes Washington s allies to contribute more to their joint defense.     For now, that defense is focused on countering the threat posed by North Korean ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons.  Japan s defense forces, however, want the F-3 to counter growing Chinese air power in the skies over the western Pacific and East China Sea where Tokyo and Beijing are locked in a territorial dispute. Japanese fighters scrambled a record 806 times to intercept Chinese planes in the year that ended March 31.  A second role for the yet-to-be-built fighter is to reinforce Japan s defense industry by giving Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI) and its suppliers their first fighter jet program since Japan built its F-2 fighter two decades ago.  Mitsubishi Heavy, the maker of the World War Two-era Zero fighter, in January 2016 tested a prototype jet, the ATD-X. Developed for around $350 million, it was seen as the first step toward a new homegrown frontline stealth fighter.  While support for a domestic-only program is strong among some government officials, other bureaucrats are worried about the potentially enormous expense of developing components from scratch. They support international collaboration to share costs with overseas partners and tap their technology.   What we have now is a flying box  without all the systems that constitute a fighter such as weapons and sensors, said another of the sources.  Possible overseas partners include BAE Systems, a leading designer of the high-altitude Eurofighter interceptor backed by the British government, F-35 builder Lockheed Martin and Boeing, maker of the F-18 strike fighter. All have responded to initial requests for information from Ministry of Defence overseeing F-3 plans. ",1
14997,"Strong quake hits Costa Rica, no reports of major damage","SAN JOSE (Reuters) - A strong 6.5 magnitude quake struck the Pacific coast of Costa Rica near its capital city San Jose on Sunday night, but there were no initial reports of injuries or significant damage to infrastructure. Costa Rican President Luis Guillermo Solis said authorities were gathering information and asked residents to remain calm and to be prepared for any possible aftershocks.  A Reuters witness said the quake was felt very briefly in San Jose, but it was enough to startle residents.   We re very scared. It s been years since we felt such a strong one,  said Otto Vargas, a university professor in San Jose, who was home with his family when the shaking started. The quake hit in a rural area near the popular beach tourism city of Jaco, where there are few tall buildings. It did not trigger a tsunami threat in the Pacific.  Firefighters in Jaco said there were no reports of victims or major damage, but said there were some electrical poles that had come loose and fallen. Social media showed images of supermarkets in Jaco with merchandise strewn across the aisles. The Costa Rican Red Cross said it had no reports of casualties.  Neighboring El Salvador s civil protection agency tweeted that the quake caused some electrical posts to fall, while the civil protection agency in neighboring Panama said there were no reports of damage there. The quake, initially measured as much as 6.8 magnitude, was centered 43 miles (69 km) southwest of San Jose at a depth of 12.3 miles (20 km), the U.S. Geological Survey said. ",1
14998,United resumes Newark-Delhi flights after halt due to poor air quality,"NEW YORK/SINGAPORE (Reuters) - United Airlines said it had resumed flights from Newark, New Jersey to New Delhi, India on Sunday, after suspending the service temporarily over concerns about poor air quality in the Indian capital. UA Flight 82 had been canceled on Friday and Saturday, data from flight tracking website FlightRadar24 showed, while the airline s website said it had waiver policies in place for passengers traveling to, from or through Delhi until Monday. UA Flight 82 has resumed operations, but  we will continue to monitor conditions over the next few days , a spokesman said. The third-largest U.S carrier is monitoring advisories as the New Delhi region remains under a public health emergency, and is coordinating with respective government agencies, the United Airlines spokesman had earlier told Reuters. Last week, New Delhi declared a pollution emergency as toxic smog hung over the city for days, with tourism operators reporting cancellation of bookings for the Christmas holidays. U.S. rivals Delta Air Lines Inc and American Airlines Group Inc said they do not operate flights to New Delhi, while several Asian airlines contacted by Reuters said they had not canceled flights.  Verisk Maplecroft, a risk consultancy, says India has the worst air quality out of a list of 198 countries it measures, and that New Delhi ranks among the world s top 10 most polluted cities with many urban areas around the capital also among those with the worst air quality.  At the national level, India tops the index rankings (i.e. the country with the worst air quality), followed by Bangladesh and Thailand,  said Richard Hewston, Verisk Maplecroft s global head of environment and climate change. The company s Air Quality Index assesses the atmospheric concentrations of fine particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers, known as PM 2.5.   A U.S. embassy measure of PM 2.5 showed a reading of 481 in New Delhi on Monday morning, local time. The outer limit of  good  air is 50. ",1
14999,Freeport Indonesia mine access road reopened after shooting: spokesman,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The Indonesian unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc has reopened the main supply route to its Papuan mine, a company spokesman said on Monday, after the road was closed on Sunday following a shooting incident in the area.  It was already open this morning,  Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama told Reuters, when asked about the road. He said the closure had had no impact on production at the world s second biggest copper mine. ",1
15000,Telefonica suspends customer service operations in Guatemala after killings,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - The Guatemalan unit of telecommunications firm Telefonica SA suspended its customer service operations and closed its shops over the weekend after three of its employees were shot to death in the Central American nation. The three killings and the wounding of a fourth employee occurred in four separate attacks on Friday.  This is a typical case of extortion in business areas in dangerous parts of the country,  a company representative, who asked not to be named because of safety concerns, told Reuters on Sunday.  For the safety of our employees, we decided to suspend customer service but will restart tomorrow (Monday) and gradually recover normal operation,  the representative said. Local media published the transcripts of two supposed conversations between an employee of Movistar, Telefonica s local unit, and a man attempting to extort $13,600. Police spokesman Pablo Castillo said authorities were investigating the killings. Guatemala is struggling with endemic gang violence, especially from the powerful Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13, and its rival, Calle 18. Movistar has 4 million clients in Guatemala.   ",1
15001,Panama's president to travel to China to meet Xi Jinping,"PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama s President Juan Carlos Varela will travel to China to meet with his counterpart Xi Jinping on Friday, the first official visit by a Panamanian leader to the Asian country  coming five months after the nations established diplomatic relations. The bilateral meeting will serve to  establish a new economic, trade, tourist and diplomatic outlook for the country, leading to more than a dozen agreements that will be signed  between nations, Panama s Foreign Ministry said in a statement. In June, Panama upgraded its commercial ties with China and established full diplomatic links with the second most important customer of its key shipping canal, giving Beijing a major victory as it broke formal relations with Taiwan. The Foreign Ministry said the agreements will provide the basis for attracting investments and Chinese innovation to Panama, and help boost Panamanian exports, tourism and the use of the Panama canal. Varela will inaugurate Panama s first embassy in China. ",1
15002,"Hariri warns Lebanon faces Arab sanctions risk, to return in days","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri warned on Sunday Lebanon was at risk of Gulf Arab sanctions because of the Shi ite group Hezbollah s regional meddling and said he would return to Lebanon within days to affirm he had resigned as the country s prime minister. In a television interview, the Saudi-allied Hariri held out the possibility he could yet rescind his resignation if Hezbollah agreed to stay out of regional conflicts such as Yemen, his first public comments since he read out his resignation on television from Riyadh eight days ago. He indicated the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Lebanese in the Gulf could be at risk, as well as trade, vital to the stability of the Lebanese economy. Hariri said his resignation was intended as a  positive shock  to his country, which he saw in danger. Top Lebanese government officials and senior sources close to Hariri believe Saudi Arabia coerced Hariri into resigning and has put him under effective house arrest since he flew to Saudi Arabia over a week ago.     Ahead of his interview, Lebanese President Michel Aoun said Hariri s movements were being restricted in Saudi Arabia, the first time the Lebanese authorities have publicly declared their belief that Riyadh is holding him against his will. Hariri said he was a free man. The resignation and its aftermath have thrust Lebanon back to the forefront of the conflict between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran. Aoun refused to accept Hariri s resignation unless he tendered it in person in Lebanon. Hariri, who has not returned to Lebanon since he declared his shock resignation, said he stepped down for the sake of the Lebanese national interest, repeatedly saying the country must stick by a policy of  disassociation  from regional conflict.  I am freely in the Kingdom, and if I want to travel tomorrow, I will travel,  Hariri said of his presence in Saudi Arabia. He said he would return to Lebanon within two or three days. When he resigned on Nov. 4, he said he feared assassination. His father, a long-serving former prime minister, was killed by a bomb in 2005. Hariri said he must be sure his security had not been penetrated before returning. Hariri s eyes welled up with tears at one point in the interview. Asked by the interviewer if he would take more questions, Hariri said no because he was tired.   We know there are American sanctions (targeting Hezbollah), but (do) we add to them also Arab sanctions? What is our interest (in that) as Lebanese, because we see today interventions in Yemen and Bahrain by Iran and Hezbollah,  said Hariri. He added:  Disassociation is the foundation of Lebanon s interest. Where do we export our goods, is it not to the Arab states? Where do our sons work ...?       We must work to preserve this interest, and this interest was threatened, so for this reason I did what I did,  he said. He singled out Yemen, where a Saudi-led alliance is bogged down in a war with Iran-allied Houthi rebels, asking what a Lebanese group was doing there, in reference to Hezbollah. Saudi Arabia has accused Hezbollah of a role in firing a ballistic missile from Yemen towards Riyadh earlier this month. In order for him to go back on his resignation, Hariri said the  the diassociation (policy)  must be respected and regional interventions by Hezbollah halted.  Lebanon cannot bear them,  he said. Hezbollah is Lebanon s most powerful group thanks to a powerful arsenal. It has deployed fighters to Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad. The group denies a role in the fighting in Yemen but is fiercely supportive of the Houthis in its statements. Hariri s resignation from abroad and the week of silence that followed has destabilized his country, where Sunni, Shi ite, Christian and Druze factions fought a civil war from 1975-1990, often backed by rival powers around the region. After Hariri announced his resignation, Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon of declaring war against it because of Hezbollah. The Hezbollah leader on Friday said it was Saudi Arabia that had declared war on Lebanon. Western countries including the United States and France have reiterated their long-standing policy of support for the Lebanese government since the Saudi declaration that the Beirut government was a hostile party.     Before Hariri s interview, Aoun said Hariri s situation in Saudi Arabia threw doubt over anything that he had said or would say, and his statements could not be considered as an expression of his full free will. Aoun said Hariri was living in  mysterious circumstances  in Riyadh which had  reached the degree of restricting (his) freedom  and  imposing conditions on his residency and on contact with him even by members of his family .     Saudi Arabia has denied Hariri is being held against his will or that he had been forced to resign. It has advised its citizens not to visit Lebanon and those there to leave as soon as possible. ",1
15003,"At least 61 dead, 300 injured by quake in Iran western province: state TV","DUBAI (Reuters) - At least 61 people were killed and 300 injured by a quake in Iran s Kermanshah province on the Iraqi border on Sunday, state television reported. The television quoted an emergency services official as saying that many of the victims were in the town of Sarpol-e Zahab, about 15 km (10 miles) from the border. ",1
15004,At least 30 dead in Quake in Iran western province,"DUBAI (Reuters) - At least 30 people were killed and 200 injured by a quake in Iran s Kermanshah province on the Iraqi border on Sunday, the provincial deputy governor told state television. Mojtaba Nikkerdar told television that the exact numbers of casualties would not be available for several hours. ",1
15005,U.N. evacuates first group of refugees from Libya to Niger,"TUNIS (Reuters) - A group of 25 refugees have been evacuated from Libya to Niger to have resettlement claims processed, in the first operation of its kind from the North African country, the United Nations said on Sunday. The move is part of efforts to provide protection for refugees and other vulnerable migrants who travel to Libya, often intending to attempt the dangerous sea crossing to Italy.  Many are trapped in smuggling networks or detention centers where they are exposed to a range of abuses including rape and torture that have been widely documented by human rights organizations and U.N. agencies. About 43,000 refugees and asylum seekers registered by U.N. refugee agency UNHCR are now in Libya. It is hard to resettle refugees directly from Libya partly because most countries closed their embassies in Tripoli after fighting escalated there in 2014. The initial group evacuated by air from Tripoli to Niamey on Saturday was made up of 15 women, six men and four children from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan, according to the United Nations.  Today s evacuation symbolizes hope in finding safe solutions for vulnerable refugees in Libya,  Roberto Mignone, the UNHCR representative for Libya, said in a statement.    The operation was the result of a joint initiative by UNHCR and the governments of Libya and Niger, and Niger has agreed to host the group until their claims to be resettled in third countries are dealt with, it said.  We hope to be able to carry out more evacuations in the near future,  said Vincent Cochetel, UNHCR s Special Envoy for the Central Mediterranean. But he said the scheme would remain  limited in scale  as long as commitments to resettle refugees remained  insufficient .  These refugee evacuations can only be part of broader asylum-building and migration management efforts to address the complex movement of migrants and refugees who embark on perilous journeys across the Sahara Desert and the Mediterranean Sea,  he said.   Most migrants traveling through Libya towards Europe come from sub-Saharan African countries. Many fleeing poverty, repression or conflict journey across the desert through Niger, Algeria or Sudan.  The Libya to Italy crossing has become the main migrant route to Europe since an agreement between the EU and Turkey shut down smuggling through Greece last year. More than 600,000 have crossed by boat to Italy since 2014.  European states have pledged tens of millions of euros to Libya, Niger and migrants  countries of origin in an effort to stem the flows. Departures from Libya have dropped since July due to changes in smuggling activity and increased activity by Libya s European-backed coastguard. European policy has drawn criticism from human rights groups that say it traps migrants in Libya, exposing them to further abuse there. UNHCR is seeking to open a refugee transit center in Tripoli early next year to shelter some of the most vulnerable refugees as they await evacuation or resettlement. The International Organization for Migration carries out voluntary repatriations of migrants from Libya, flying home more than 10,600 so far this year. ",1
15006,Slovenia's President Pahor wins second term in close race,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenian President Borut Pahor was re-elected for a second term in a runoff vote on Sunday, beating his challenger in a tight race. Pahor had won about 53 percent of the vote, with 99.9 percent of the votes counted, according to the Election Commission, while his opponent, ex-comedian Marjan Sarec, had 47 percent. Turnout was about 42 percent, according to preliminary figures, the lowest for a  presidential election since Slovenia became an independent country in 1991.   I will be the president of all (Slovenians), I will connect people, build upon the things we have in common,  Pahor told reporters after securing another five-year mandate. He had said that he would focus on cooperation, political stability and security. Although the role of the president is mainly ceremonial, the president leads the army and also nominates several top officials, including the central bank governor. Most of his nominations have to be confirmed by parliament.  Pahor, 54, was forced into a second-round run-off after falling short of securing a majority in the first round last month. Sarec, who is mayor of the northern town of Kamnik and represents a party that does not even have seats in parliament, said he was encouraged by the close result even though he lost. However, he refused to say whether his party would run in a general election expected in June next year.  This is a very good result regardless of the final outcome ... and shows that the time for a generation change has arrived,  he told TV Slovenia.  Tomorrow is a new day and then we will see how to proceed,  he said when asked whether his party would run in the general election.  In the first round three weeks ago, Pahor won about 47 percent of the vote among nine candidates, with Sarec coming in second with almost 25 percent. Pahor was a long-serving leader of the center-left Social Democrats but ran for president both times as an independent candidate. He was Slovenian prime minister from 2008 to 2012, the run-up to the worst financial crisis in Slovenia s history. In 2013, the euro zone member only narrowly managed to avoid an international bailout for its banks, burdened by a large amount of bad loans. A former fashion model, Pahor is also known as  the king of the Instagram  for frequently posting photos on social media showing him in various sporting activities as well as his official duties.   Sarec, 39, campaigned arguing that a change of policy was needed to further improve the economy and lift Slovenians  living standards. He is supported by his own center-left party, Lista Marjana Sarca, which has so far only been active at local level. ",1
15007,Forty UK Conservative lawmakers ready to oust PM May: Sunday Times,"LONDON (Reuters) - Forty members of parliament from Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party have agreed to sign a letter of no-confidence in her, the Sunday Times newspaper reported. That is eight short of the number needed to trigger a party leadership contest, the mechanism through which May could be forced from office and replaced by another Conservative. May has been struggling to maintain her authority over her party since a snap election on June 8 which she called thinking she would win by a wide margin but instead resulted in her losing her parliamentary majority. Divided over how to extricate Britain from the European Union and hit by multiple scandals involving ministers, May s government has failed to assert control over a chaotic political situation that is weakening London s hand in Brexit talks. An earlier attempt to unseat May in the wake of her disastrous speech at the annual party conference fizzled out, but many Conservatives remain unhappy with the prime minister s performance and talk of a leadership contest has not gone away. May has lost two cabinet ministers in as many weeks: Michael Fallon stepped down as defense secretary after becoming implicated in a wider scandal about sexual misconduct in parliament, while Priti Patel resigned as aid minister after she was found to have had secret meetings with top Israeli officials. In the event of a leadership contest, if a challenger defeated May he or she would take over as Conservative leader and as prime minister. A national election is not necessary for that to happen. ",1
15008,Four dead after earthquake in Iraq's Kurdistan Region: Kurdish health minister,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - At least four people died and dozens were wounded after a major earthquake struck large parts of Iraq on Sunday, according to the Kurdistan Regional Government s Health Minister Rekawt Hama Rasheed. The most extensive damage was in the town of Darbandikhan, 75 kilometers (47 miles) east of the city of Sulaimaniyah, and more than 30 people were injured in the town.  The district s main hospital was severely damaged and had no power, Rasheed said, so the injured were being taken to Sulaimaniyah for treatment. ",1
15009,"Spanish PM, in Catalonia, calls for big turnout at December election","BARCELONA - Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy urged Catalans to turn out in force in a December election to  restore normality  to a region buffeted by attempts to split from Spain. In his first visit to Barcelona since Madrid imposed direct rule on Catalonia and sacked its separatist leaders, Rajoy said the Dec. 21 election would safeguard the economy and stop companies moving out of the economically important region.  We want a massive turnout to begin a new political era of tranquillity, normality, coexistence and respect,  Rajoy told the Catalan wing of his conservative People s Party (PP).   We must urgently bring back normality to Catalonia ... to reduce social tension and stop damage to the economy.  Despite opposition to the early election imposed by Madrid as a way to resolve the impasse, the two leading pro-independence parties, PDeCAT of deposed leader Carles Puigdemont, and the ERC, have said they will participate.  However, they failed to agree to run on a united ticket, potentially harming the separatist camp s chances of winning a majority in the regional parliament.  The far-left pro-independence CUP party, whose support was key to Puigdemont s government, decided on Sunday to run in the upcoming election. Madrid s imposition of direct rule on Catalonia has widened a rift between political parties both in regional politics and at the municipal level.  On Sunday, the party of Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau voted to break its pact to govern with the Catalan Socialist Party (PSC), citing the latter s support for the application of direct rule. Some 54 percent of Spaniards evaluate positively Madrid s handling of the Catalan crisis, but only 28 percent of Catalans share this view, according to a poll for newspaper El Pais. On Saturday, 750,000 people marched in Barcelona to call for the release of separatist leaders from pre-trial detention. ",1
15010,"At least one person dead, 50 wounded in Iraq after earthquake: officials","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - At least one person died and 50 were wounded after a major earthquake struck large parts of Iraq on Sunday, according to local officials. Health officials said most of the wounded were in Darbandikhan, 75 kilometres (47 miles) east of the major city of Sulaimaniyah in the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region. The earthquake struck along the border with Iran.  ",1
15011,UK foreign secretary says Hariri should return to Lebanon,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Sunday he hopes Saad al-Hariri, who announced last week from Saudi Arabia that he was resigning as prime minister of Lebanon, returns to Beirut  without further delay . In a statement, Johnson said he had spoken with Lebanese foreign minister Gebran Bassil on Sunday and reiterated Britain s support for Lebanon. Johnson said Lebanon  should not be used as tool for proxy conflicts  and its independence should be respected. ",1
15012,At least six killed in Iran by quake: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - At least six people were killed in an Iranian town on the border with Iraq on Sunday from a powerful earthquake that hit the area, Iranian state television reported. Eight villages were damaged in Iran from the quake, state television reported.  The quake was felt in several Iranian provinces bordering Iraq ... Eight villages were damaged ... Electricity has been cut in some villages and rescue teams have been dispatched to those areas,  TV reported.  State TV said at least six people were killed and many others injured in the town of Qasr-e Shirin.  People were staying out on the streets in towns in the Western Kermanshah province because of the threat from aftershocks, a local Red Crescent official told TV. Many houses in rural parts of the province are made of mud bricks, known to crumble easily in quake-prone Iran. ",1
15013,Hariri indicates possibility of revoking his resignation,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who announced on Nov. 4 from Saudi Arabia that he was quitting as Lebanon s prime minister, suggested on Sunday he could rescind his resignation. Speaking from Riyadh in an interview with Future TV, a station affiliated with his political party, Hariri said he planned to return to Lebanon to confirm his resignation in accordance with the constitution. But he also said that if he rescinds his decision to quit, the Hezbollah movement must respect Lebanon s policy of staying out of regional conflicts. ",1
15014,"In demanding Hariri's return, Lebanese find rare unity","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A country long divided by sectarian conflicts, Lebanon has found a rare point of unity since Saad al-Hariri s shock resignation as prime minister: Lebanese of all stripes want him to come back from Saudi Arabia and to continue his work as premier. Hariri left Beirut for Riyadh on Nov. 3 and resigned the following day in a speech that caught even his closest aides off guard. He cited fear of assassination and blamed Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah for sowing strife in the Arab world. The Lebanese authorities believe Saudi Arabia forced Hariri to resign and is holding him against his will, say top Lebanese state officials and politicians close to Hariri. While some in Lebanon believe Hariri s decision was his own and blame Iran and Hezbollah for the crisis, many others, including some of his longtime supporters, think he was forced to quit. Billboards and posters demanding his return have gone up across Beirut.  We want our PM back,  declared a huge billboard near the Beirut waterfront. Runners in the annual Beirut marathon on Sunday echoed the demand. Some wore T-shirts printed with Hariri s face and the message:  We re all waiting for you.   This year, there are definitely many telling him  we are waiting for you , and God willing he will come back safe and sound,  May al-Khalil, the founder and president of the Beirut Marathon Association, said. Hariri ran in the Beirut marathon last year, shortly after he was installed as prime minister of a coalition government that generated hope of stability after years of political tension and paralysis.     Thousands of runners turned out, defying security concerns that have grown since Hariri resigned and Saudi Arabia declared both Lebanon and Hezbollah as hostile parties.  Sheikh Saad al-Hariri represents all Lebanese people,  said Beirut Mayor Jamal Itani, wearing a cap that read  Running for You . Lebanese wanted Hariri  to return as Prime Minister , he said. Saudi Arabia has denied reports Hariri, a long time ally of Riyadh, is being held against his will and coerced into resigning. It says he is a free man and quit because Hezbollah was calling the shots in his government. Ashraf Rifi, a hawkish Sunni politician who is fiercely critical of Hezbollah and Iran, has welcomed Hariri s resignation, saying  it pulled the official cover away from Iran s project in Lebanon .  Tension between Hariri and Hezbollah has been a defining feature of Lebanese politics since the 2005 assassination of his father, Rafik al-Hariri. A U.N.-backed tribunal has charged five Hezbollah members over the killing. Hezbollah denies any role. But Hariri has twice set aside his differences with Hezbollah to lead coalition governments including the group.   We all love him, even those who weren t sympathetic to him are now sympathetic, because as you know he s the prime minister of all of Lebanon, not just prime minister for us Sunnis,  said Yousef Saad al-Deen, 40.  No one is allowed to decide for us, neither who our president is nor who we will elect,  he added, speaking in the staunchly pro-Hariri Beirut neighborhood of Tariq al-Jdideh, where newly erected posters pledged loyalty to Hariri. Munir Khatib, a man in his late 60s, said Iran was to blame.  He is not being held, as they are saying,  he said.  Hezbollah, the strongest group in Lebanon thanks to its vast arsenal, has declared Saudi Arabia s detention of Hariri as an insult to all Lebanese. At a rally on Friday, Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said he must return. The Future Movement, Hariri s political party, also says Hariri must come back to Lebanon, calling him a national leader whose presence is vital to upholding the Lebanese system. It has also taken aim at criticism of Saudi Arabia, on Saturday rejecting  campaigns targeting  the Kingdom. Lebanon, which fought a civil war from 1975-90, is governed according to a carefully balanced system that parcels out the state along sectarian lines. Many say now is the time for unity.  The war had taught us that if we don t have our ranks united and on the same ground, the country cannot succeed,  said Arlette Dakkash, a resident of Beirut. ",1
15015,Lebanon's Aoun says PM Hariri's freedom restricted in Riyadh,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese President Michel Aoun said on Sunday that Saad al-Hariri s freedom was being restricted in Riyadh, the first time the Lebanese government has publicly declared its belief that Saudi Arabia is holding its prime minister against his will.  Aoun said Hariri was living in  mysterious circumstances  in Riyadh which had  reached the degree of restricting (his) freedom  and  imposing conditions on his residency and on contact with him even by members of his family . Reuters cited senior Lebanese government officials on Thursday saying that the authorities believed Hariri was being held against his will in Riyadh, where he unexpectedly resigned as prime minister on Nov. 4, the day after arriving there. Aoun said this threw doubt over anything that Hariri has said, or will say, and his statements could not be considered as an expression of his full free will. Hariri is expected to give a televised interview later on Sunday. Saudi Arabia has denied Hariri is being held against his will or that he had been forced to resign.  ",1
15016,Saudi Arabia requests urgent Arab League meeting over Iran: Egypt state news,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has called for an urgent meeting of Arab League foreign ministers in Cairo next week to discuss Iran s intervention in the region, an official league source told Egypt s MENA state news agency on Sunday. The call came after the resignation of Lebanon s prime minister pushed Beirut back into the center of a rivalry between Sunni kingdom Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran and heightened regional tensions. ",1
15017,"Israel signals free hand in Syria as U.S., Russia expand truce","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel signaled on Sunday that it would keep up military strikes across its frontier with Syria to prevent any encroachment by Iranian-allied forces, even as the United States and Russia try to build up a ceasefire in the area. U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday affirmed joint efforts to stabilize Syria as its civil war wanes, including with the expansion of a July 7 truce in the southwestern triangle bordering Israel and Jordan.  A U.S. State Department official said Russia had agreed  to work with the Syrian regime to remove Iranian-backed forces a defined distance  from the Golan Heights frontier with Israel, which captured the plateau in the 1967 Middle East war. The move, according to one Israeli official briefed on the arrangement, is meant to keep rival factions inside Syria away from each other, but it would effectively keep Iranian-linked forces at various distances from the Israel-held Golan as well. Those distances would range from as little as 5-7 kms and up to around 30 kms, depending on current rebel positions on the Syrian Golan, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. Moscow did not immediately provide details on the deal. Israel has been lobbying both big powers to deny Iran, Lebanon s Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias any permanent bases in Syria, and to keep them away from the Golan, as they gain ground while helping Damascus beat back Sunni-led rebels.  In televised remarks opening Israel s weekly cabinet meeting on Sunday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not speak about the new U.S.-Russian arrangement for Syria.  His regional cooperation minister, Tzachi Hanegbi, sounded circumspect about the deal, telling reporters that it  does not meet Israel s unequivocal demand the there will not be developments that bring the forces of Hezbollah or Iran to the Israel-Syria border in the north .  There s reflection here of the understanding that Israel has set red lines, and will stand firm on this,  Hanegbi said. That was an allusion to Israeli military strikes in Syria, carried out against suspected Hezbollah or Iranian arms depots or in retaliation for attacks from the Syrian-held Golan. In the latest incident, the Israeli military said it shot down a spy drone on Saturday as it overflew the Golan. Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman blamed the drone on the Syrian government. Damascus did not immediately respond. Repeating Israel s warnings to Iran and Hezbollah, Lieberman said:  We will not allow the Shi ite axis to establish Syria as its forefront base . Russia, which has a long-term military garrison in Syria, has said it wants foreign forces to quit the country eventually. The U.S. State Department official, who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity on Saturday, said that goal could be served by Russia s pledge to remove Iranian-linked fighters from the truce zone in southwestern Syria.   If this works, this is an auspicious signal, would be an auspicious signal, that our policy objective - the objective that I think so many of us share, of getting these guys out of Syria ultimately - that there s a path in that direction,  the official said.  ",1
15018,Trump distances himself from remarks on Putin over election meddling,"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday attempted to clear up confusion over whether he accepts Russian President Vladimir Putin s denials of meddling in the U.S. election last year. At a news conference in Vietnam, Trump distanced himself from remarks he made on Saturday in which he suggested he believed Putin when he said there had been no Russian meddling in the election that took him to the White House. The comments had drawn criticism at home because U.S. intelligence agencies have long since concluded there was Russian meddling.  As to whether I believe it or not, I m with our agencies, especially as currently constituted,  Trump said at a news conference with Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang.   As currently led, by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies.  He was careful to make clear he sided with the intelligence agencies under his own leadership. Former U.S. intelligence director James Clapper had told Reuters:  The fact the president of the United States would take Putin at his word over that of the intelligence community is quite simply unconscionable.   The Russian issue has clouded Trump s first year in office and his comments on Saturday were a distraction from his    five-nation Asia tour. Trump said he still believed Putin did not think there had been Russian meddling.      I believe that President Putin really feels, and feels strongly, that he did not meddle in our election,  Trump said, while adding:  What he believes is what he believes.   Trump said he was not interested in arguing with Putin over meddling and wanted to get on with Russia to work on world problems including North Korea, Syria and Ukraine. Trump has called allegations of campaign collusion with Moscow a hoax. A special counsel, Robert Mueller, is conducting an investigation that has led to charges against Trump s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and his associate Rick Gates. U.S. intelligence agencies have also concluded Russians interfered to tip the election in Trump s favour through hacking and releasing emails to embarrass Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and spreading social media propaganda.     ",1
15019,Former intelligence officials say Trump is being manipulated by Putin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two former top U.S. intelligence officials said on Sunday they fear President Donald Trump is being manipulated by Russian President Vladimir Putin, after Trump said he believed Putin was sincere in denying Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Former CIA Director John Brennan and ex-National Intelligence Director James Clapper both said Trump was mishandling Moscow ties even as a special counsel investigates possible collusion between Trump s campaign team and Russia.      I think Mr. Trump is, for whatever reason, either intimidated by Mr. Putin, afraid of what he could do, or what might come out as a result of these investigations... It s either naivet , ignorance or fear in terms of what Mr. Trump is doing vis- -vis the Russians,  Brennan said in an appearance with Clapper on CNN s  State of the Union.    Clapper added that foreign leaders who roll out the red carpet for Trump are able to manipulate Trump.  I do think both the Chinese and the Russians think they can play him,  Clapper said. Their comments came after Trump told reporters over the  weekend that he had spoken with Putin again over allegations of Russian meddling in the presidential election and that the Russian president again denied any involvement.  I really believe that, when he tells me that, he means it,  Trump told reporters.  I think he is very insulted by it, which is not a good thing for our country.  Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on the same show that the criticism leveled against Trump s management of relations with Russia and China was  ridiculous.   President Trump is not getting played by anybody,  Mnuchin said.     Trump also took a swipe at Obama-era intelligence officials  Brennan, Clapper and former FBI Director James Comey, calling  them  political hacks  and questioning the findings of a U.S. intelligence report that concluded that Russians sought to tilt  the election in Trump s favor. Facing sharp criticism, Trump walked back from some of those comments on Sunday, saying he has faith in the intelligence leaders he has hired. Brennan on Sunday called Trump s criticism of him a  badge of honor,  and Clapper suggested said Trump s denial of Russian interference in the election  poses a peril to the country.  When asked, Brennan declined to say whether he knows of any intelligence to suggest that the Russians have compromising or damaging information on Trump. A dossier penned by a former British spy contains unverified  claims that Russia does have embarrassing information on Trump. ",1
15020,"Last exit from Myanmar, Rohingya wait for weeks on beach","AH LEI THAN KYAW, Myanmar (Reuters) - Some 1,000 Rohingya Muslims desperate to leave Myanmar are camped on this exposed, sun-baked beach on the Bay of Bengal waiting for a boat to carry them to sanctuary in Bangladesh. Having kept northern parts of Rakhine State virtually off limits since it launched a counter-insurgency operation there in late August, Myanmar s military made a rare show of openness on Sunday by taking foreign journalists to see one of the beaches from which Rohingya are trying to escape. Well over 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh to find shelter in the refugee camps, the living victims of what a top U.N. official has called  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar, a mostly Buddhist country, has denied such accusations, insisting the military s clearance operation was necessitated by national security concerns after Rohingya militants attacked 30 security posts in northern Rakhine on Aug. 25. For the Rohingya at Ah Lei Than Kyaw, some 5 km south of the mouth of the Naf river, the beach is a kind of purgatory. Mohammad Eidnou, a 19-year-old laborer, sold his house and belongings but he and his family have spent everything surviving for the past two months and have no money to pay the $50 a head that boatmen are demanding to take them to Bangladesh.   I don t want to go back to my village because there is nothing for us,  Eidnou told Reuters. We cannot survive.   Some have been stuck there for over a month, sweltering under the plastic sheeting used to make tents and existing on handouts proved by the Myanmar Red Cross Society. Others came just a few days ago, a sign that the flight of the Rohingya to Bangladesh is far from over. The International Rescue Committee reckons that two-thirds of some 300,000 left in Myanmar could leave in the next couple of months. On the beach at Ah Lei Than Kyaw, 30-year-old Sauli Mullahhe was thinking only of getting away. Like several other men, he described how things had got so bad that he could no longer go to work or his children to school. He could not get to a pharmacy when they fell sick, or go to a market to buy food and said the authorities had even stopped Rohingya leaving the village to fish.  I could not have survived anymore,  Mullahhe said.  I will not go back to my village, I really hope to cross the Naf river to get to Bangladesh.  Myint Kyaw, a police lieutenant-colonel, said his officers were leaving the Rohingya on the beach alone, and were not intervening when boats came to pick them up.  We don t really take any action against them, because we don t want them in trouble,  the policeman said.  They cannot go on living in the camp for very long because they can have so many health problems. That s why we don t interfere with them.   Rohingya among the hundreds who reached Bangladesh on rickety boats and rafts late last week told Reuters they had left thousands of others behind in miserable conditions on the Pa Nyaung Pin Gyi beach, at the mouth of the Naf. The military-arranged media trip did not extend that far up the coast. Many of the Rohingya living in the camps in Cox s Bazar, on the Bangladesh side of the Naf river, have recounted how their relatives were raped and murdered as they ran from villages set ablaze by Myanmar soldiers. Aung San Suu Kyi, the de facto leader of Myanmar s less than two-year-old civilian government, has said any allegations of atrocities need substantiating and should be investigated. Under Myanmar s transition to democracy, civilians still have to share power with the generals who ruled the country for nearly half a century, and Suu Kyi has no say over what the military does. She is currently on a mission explaining how Myanmar is working to stem the crisis to leaders of other Southeast Asian countries at a regional summit in Manila. On Wednesday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Myanmar for talks with the country s leadership, while senators back in Washington press for economic and travel sanctions against the military and its business interests. Suu Kyi has said preparations are being made for Rohingya to return, so long as they can prove they were resident. ",1
15021,Hungary's Orban accepts party endorsement to fight next election,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban accepted his ruling Fidesz party s endorsement on Sunday to lead it into an election next year, saying he needed another four year term in power to make his transformation of the country  irreversible . Orban, who has steered Hungary into confrontation with the European Union by campaigning against immigration, asserting control over the media and courts, and criticizing efforts to deepen European integration, received a unanimous 1,358 votes at a party congress to remain Fidesz leader for two more years. With an election five months away, he leads all contenders and looks likely to secure a third consecutive landslide.  There is no mood for a change of government in Hungary, so much as a mood for a change of opposition,  Orban said to laughter and applause, referring to disarray within the center-left. [nL8N1MD2V9] Polls show the center-left likely to be overtaken at the next election by the far-right Jobbik party, seen as leaning even further towards ethnic nationalism than Orban s Fidesz.  We need to work for four more years to strengthen our achievements to the point that they are irreversible,  Orban said. The 54-year-old premier has been widely criticized by Western allies for eroding democratic freedoms, which he and Fidesz deny. He has become unassailably popular at home, especially since 2015, when Hungary became the main land route into the EU for around a million Middle Eastern migrants who crossed the Balkans on their way to Germany and other rich countries further north. Orban and Fidesz say hostility towards them is being whipped up as part of a conspiracy by George Soros, a Hungarian-American financier who has long contributed to  open society  causes around the world, including in his native Eastern Europe. In his speech accepting his party s endorsement, Orban said he was fighting against  globalist  views that threaten the EU s Christian nations and their moral foundations, for which he blamed Soros.  Some countries in Europe decided to transcend Christianity and their own national character,  he said.  They want to step into a post-Christian, post-national era.   To execute Soros s plan they want to root out governments which represent national interests around Europe, and that includes us,  he said.  They act like Soviet agitprop agents once did. We old war-horses know them by their smell.  ",1
15022,At least 16 dead after boat capsizes in south India: officials,"BHUBANESWAR, India (Reuters) - At least 16 people died on Sunday when a tourist boat capsized in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, officials said. The accident took place in Krishna river about 25 km (15 miles) from Vijayawada city, district administrative chief B. Lakshmikantham told Reuters. The administration was investigating what exactly caused the incident, but the initial probe found that the private boat operator did not have the necessary permission to ferry people, Lakshmikantham said. Around 20 of the roughly 35 people on the boat were rescued and search operations were continuing, India s National Disaster Response Force said on Twitter. ",1
15023,"Seven dead in concert attack, reprisals in Central African Republic","BANGUI (Reuters) - Seven people were killed and around 20 others were injured in a grenade attack on a peace concert and reprisal violence in Central African Republic s capital, Bangui, on Saturday and Sunday, government officials and city residents said.  The riverside city has in the past been a flashpoint for inter-religious violence that erupted between Muslims and Christians in 2013 and has since engulfed most of the impoverished, landlocked nation. Interior Minister Henri Wanzet Linguissara said two individuals on a motorcycle approached revelers attending a concert organized to foster reconciliation and social cohesion late on Saturday night and threw a grenade into the crowd.   Following this heinous act, we have registered four deaths and 20 wounded, including four who are in serious condition and have been taken into the operating room,  he said.  Heavy gunfire concentrated in and around Bangui s PK5 neighborhood   a Muslim enclave in the majority Christian city   erupted after the attack.  Access to PK5 was blocked off by improvised barricades on Sunday, a Reuters witness said.   Three of our youth were killed, apparently in reprisal because they think that the Muslims were behind the grenade attack. We deplore that attack,  said PK5 resident Habib Soule.  We set up barricades to ensure provocateurs don t infiltrate our neighborhood.   A second PK5 resident and a security source, who asked not to be named, confirmed that three motorcycle taxi drivers were killed in retaliation for the concert attack.  Even now there is sporadic gunfire in PK5 and the surrounding neighborhoods are emptying,  said Gedeon Leki, a resident of the nearby Castors neighborhood.  People are afraid the Muslims could take revenge for their dead.  Nearly five years into the conflict in CAR, which has been marked by successive waves of ethnic cleansing, the security situation is worsening, particularly in the east.  Bangui, where the headquarters of 12,000-troop-strong United Nations peacekeeping mission is located, has been relatively stable in recent months, and the weekend s violence was a reminder of the city s darkest days.  The enemies of peace ... have just set a trap,  Prime Minister Simplice Mathieu Sarandji said in a radio address on Sunday.  I call upon the population not to slide back into violence.   The U.N. Security Council is this week scheduled to vote on a French-drafted resolution to authorise an extra 900 troops to protect civilians in Central African Republic. ",1
15024,Nearly 30 bodies found after clashes near Libyan capital: activists,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Twenty eight bodies with bullet wounds and torture marks were discovered on Saturday in an area west of Libya s capital that has recently seen clashes between rival armed factions, a local human rights group said.  Ahmad Hamza, of Libya s National Commission for Human Rights (NCHR), said that the victims were fighters opposed to government-aligned coalition forces, who had been arrested before they were killed.  Locals found the bodies near a road in the town of Alhira, 60 kilometers (37 miles) southwest of the capital Tripoli, Hamza said on Sunday. The town is in the Wershafana area, where fighting broke out last week when a coalition of forces nominally aligned with the internationally recognized government in Tripoli launched a campaign against rival armed groups, including loyalists of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The victims  families had not been allowed to receive the bodies for  reasons that are not known , Hamza said.  According to the fact-finding, monitoring and documentation section of NCHR, there are signs of torture and they (the victims) were shot in the chest and head,  he said. The Wershafana region has been largely cut off from the capital for several years and has become notorious for violence and criminal activity. The military council of Zintan, a town southwest of Tripoli that is participating in the campaign against rival armed groups, had said it aimed to deal with  murder, kidnapping and acts of barbarism in the region.  There was no immediate comment from the Zintan military council after the bodies were discovered. The recent fighting displaced about 480 families, although around 100 have since returned to their homes, according to local authorities. Libya has been in turmoil since Gaddafi was ousted in a NATO-backed uprising in 2011, with loose armed alliances and rival governments vying for power.   ",1
15025,Merkel urges compromises as coalition talks enter final stretch,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday urged party leaders negotiating a tricky three-way coalition government to show more willingness to compromise, as support for her conservative bloc plunged to the lowest level in more than six years. Merkel s conservatives, who bled support to the far-right Alternative for Germany in a Sept. 24 election, are trying to forge an alliance with the pro-market Free Democrats (FDP) and the left-leaning Greens which is untested at the national level. Despite three weeks of exploratory talks, the unlikely partners still have to overcome differences over climate protection, energy, transport, immigration and euro zone policy. Speaking ahead of a meeting in which party leaders were expected to sum up progress made so far and bridge some gaps, Merkel said all parties had first exchanged their views and then consolidated the approaches by highlighting their differences.  Now in this third phase, the task is to find compromises,  Merkel said, adding that there was still a lot of work to do.  But from my point of view, a solution can be reached with goodwill,  Merkel said.  If this will be achieved, we ll not know before the end of the week, however.  FDP leader Christian Lindner put the onus on Merkel s  Christian Democrats (CDU) and her Bavarian CSU allies, saying his party and the Greens had already given ground.  The Greens and the FDP have moved. Now it s up to the conservatives to show some flexibility. I assume there is goodwill from all sides,  Lindner said. Katrin Goering-Eckardt from the Greens said she wanted to see a leap from the other negotiation partners. But CSU leader Horst Seehofer declined to comment when asked by reporters what compromises he was willing to offer. The Greens made concessions on Tuesday by no longer insisting on fixed dates to ban cars with combustion engines and to shut down coal-fired power stations. The FDP gave ground by accepting more modest income tax cuts than an election campaign pledge of up to 40 billion euros in relief. Lindner also dropped an election manifesto pledge to phase out the ESM euro zone bailout fund. Merkel wants to have an agreement in principle by Nov. 16 on moving ahead to formal coalition negotiations to form a black-yellow-green government   dubbed a  Jamaica coalition  because the parties  colours match those of that country s flag. With less than a week to go, the exploratory coalition talks are not only complicated by the differences between the parties, but also by splits within the political parties themselves   especially within the conservatives and Greens. A breakdown of the talks could mean fresh elections in Germany,  Europe s biggest economy, since the Social Democrats (SPD)   the second biggest party   have made clear they have no appetite for joining another  grand coalition  under Merkel. A survey by Emnid for Bild am Sonntag newspaper showed only 30 percent would vote for Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc if there were a federal election this Sunday, down 1 percentage point. This is the lowest reading for the conservatives in this survey since October 2011 and marks a slump in support since the Sept. 24 election, in which Merkel s bloc won 32.9 percent. Touching on one of the thorniest issues, Merkel said on Saturday that Germany should lead the fight against climate change and cut emissions without destroying industrial jobs. Merkel s comments, made in her weekly podcast and in the middle of talks on limiting global warming attended by about 200 nations in the western German city of Bonn, highlighted the dilemma facing the centre-right leader in the negotiations. While the CDU/CSU and the FDP want to spare companies from additional burdens, the Greens want to spell out which measures the next government will implement for Germany to reach its 2020 goal of lowering emissions by 40 percent from 1990 levels. Due to strong economic growth and higher-than-expected immigration, Germany is at risk of missing its emissions target without any additional measures.  ",1
15026,"Vietnam, China avoid quarrel over South China Sea during visit","(Reuters) - China and Vietnam avoided conflict over the South China Sea on Sunday when Chinese President Xi Jinping met Vietnam s General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong, hours after U.S. President Donald Trump offered to mediate maritime disputes. Relations between Hanoi and Beijing have been particularly strained since July, when China put pressure on Vietnam to stop oil drilling in a disputed area in the South China Sea. Vietnam s state television said the Chinese president had told the Vietnamese leader he wanted to work with Southeast Asian nations on a code of conduct in the sea. China s Xinhua news agency said China and Vietnam had agreed to properly handle maritime issues and strive to maintain peace and stability. Reefs and islands in the South China Sea are disputed by Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan as well as China and Vietnam. Since Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has grown closer to China, Vietnam has emerged as China s main challenger in the area. China s move to pressure Vietnam to stop oil drilling in a disputed area in July brought relations between the Communist neighbours to a low. Xi and Trump both held bilateral meetings with Vietnamese officials in the wake of a summit of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation in the Vietnamese city of Danang. Trump told Vietnam s President Tran Dai Quang that he was prepared to mediate between claimants to the South China Sea and said China s position was a problem. Trump and President Quang issued a joint statement underscoring the importance of free and open access to South China Sea, and saying parties should halt escalatory action.  (This story has been refiled to fix reversed word order in paragraph one.) ",1
15027,Freeport Indonesia shuts main supply route to mine after shooting,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The Indonesian unit of Freeport-McMoRan Inc has temporarily shut the main supply route to its Papua mine after a shooting incident, a spokesman said, amid escalating tensions between security forces and an armed rebel group in the area.  No one had been reported hurt after shots were fired at a vehicle, but the main supply route to the world s second-biggest copper mine had been temporarily closed while the security situation was assessed, Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said in text message. Authorities in Indonesia s eastern province of Papua are delivering food and aid to villages near the mine where security forces say the rebel group has blocked residents  movement, as security personnel surround the area, a police official said. Police say a group linked to the Free Papua Movement (OPM) is preventing about 1,000 people from leaving five villages near the Grasberg mine operated by the U.S. company.   We continue to try a persuasive approach and dialogue,  said Viktor Mackbon, police chief of the Mimika area, where the villages are located. Talks with the group would be conducted through public and religious figures in the region, he added. Officials on Saturday said about 200 police and military personnel had been deployed in preparation to secure the area by force, if necessary. Police sad they will distribute on Monday a notice in the area for the  armed criminal group  to give themselves up and surrender weapons. Reuters could not immediately reach members of the rebel group, the West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM), to seek comment. On Friday, the group denied occupying villages near the mine, but said it was  at war  with the police, military, and Freeport.   A resident from one of the villages, Banti, said security forces had blocked access to the village. Residents he had spoken were not being held hostage by separatists but  are only worried about what might happen if the police and military come into their area , he said. A state of emergency has been declared in the area and  security stepped up after a string of shootings since Aug. 17 that killed one police officer and wounded six.      Papua has had a long-running, and sometimes violent, separatist movement since it was incorporated into Indonesia after a widely criticised U.N.-backed referendum in 1969.     The incident is the first escalation of violence under President Joko Widodo, who has sought to ease tension in the region by stepping up investment, freeing political prisoners and tackling human rights concerns.      The Grasberg mine has been dogged by security concerns for decades. From 2009-2015 shootings within the mine project area killed 20 people and wounded 59. ",1
15028,British ministers rally around Foreign Secretary Johnson over Iran,"LONDON (Reuters) - British ministers rallied around Boris Johnson on Sunday, saying the foreign secretary was doing a  great job  and had no reason to resign over remarks that critics say may prompt Iran to extend the prison sentence of a jailed aid worker. The coordinated defense is part of attempts to shore up the government of Prime Minister Theresa May, weakened by a series of scandals and gaffes involving her top team of ministers as she negotiates Britain s departure from the European Union. The leader of Britain s main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, called on May to sack Johnson, writing in the Observer newspaper on Sunday that  we ve put up with him embarrassing and undermining our country through his incompetence ... for long enough. It s time for Boris Johnson to go . Corbyn, and London Mayor Sadiq Khan, also a Labour member, said Johnson had offended states and religions before  bungling  the case of Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, in prison after being convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment. She denies the charges. But two of his allies, Brexit minister David Davis and environment minister Michael Gove, defended Johnson, who last week said he could have been clearer in his remark that Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016. Zaghari-Ratcliffe s employer, the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization, said Johnson s comment made on Nov. 1 was incorrect, while opposition British lawmakers said the remarks could land the aid worker a longer term in jail. The Thomson Reuters Foundation is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News.  Why would you want to sack him? He s a good foreign secretary,  Davis told Sky News.  Gove urged critics to stop focusing on Johnson s role in the case and instead to question the motivation of what he called  the Iranian regime  in jailing Zaghari-Ratcliffe.  There is no reason, no excuse and no justification for her detention and she should be released,  he told the BBC s Andrew Marr show. A Foreign Office source later said Johnson had held a  very constructive  phone call with her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, who has called on the minister to visit his wife in jail. The show of support for Johnson from fellow Brexit campaigners demonstrates the difficulties May faces in keeping her cabinet unified on a range of issues. She lost two of her ministers in a week: Michael Fallon quit as defense minister in a growing sexual harassment scandal and then Priti Patel was forced out of her job as aid minister over undisclosed meetings with Israeli officials.  Forty members of the Conservative Party have agreed to sign a letter of no-confidence in the prime ministers, eight short of the number needed to trigger a leadership contest, the Sunday Times newspaper reported. ",1
15029,Trump says North Korea's Kim insulted him by calling him 'old',"HANOI (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said in a tweet on Sunday that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had insulted him by calling him  old  and said he would never call Kim  short and fat.  Trump made the comment after attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam. In a series of tweets he also said Chinese President Xi Jinping was  upping sanctions  on North Korea in response to its nuclear and missile programs and that Xi wanted Pyongyang to  denuclearize.  During Trump s visit to Beijing last week Xi reiterated that China would strive for the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula but offered no hint it would change tack on North Korea, with which it fought side by side in the 1950-53 Korean war against U.S.-led forces. One of Trump s tweets read:  Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me  old,  when I would NEVER call him  short and fat?  Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!  Speaking later in Vietnam s capital, Hanoi, Trump said  it would be very, very nice  if he and Kim became friends.  That might be a strange thing to happen but it s a possibility,  he said. Trump has traded insults and threats with Kim in the past amid escalating tension over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs as North Korea races toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States -something Trump has vowed to prevent. North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb test on Sept. 3, prompting another round of U.N. sanctions. In September Kim described Trump as a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard  whom he would tame with fire. His comments came after Trump threatened in his maiden United Nations address to  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people if the United States were threatened. After North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho addressed the U.N. General Assembly in September Trump tweeted:  Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won t be around much longer!  North Korea has conducted dozens of ballistic missile tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions. It has vowed to never give up its weapons programs, saying they are necessary to counter hostility from the United States and its allies. The United States has said that all options, including military, are on the table, although its preference is for a diplomatic solution. ",1
