id,title,text,label
10521,Republican foreign policy veterans rebuke Trump worldview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 90 Republican foreign policy veterans have pledged to oppose Donald Trump, saying his proposals would undermine U.S. security, in the latest sign of fissures between the Republican presidential front-runner and the party establishment. “Mr. Trump’s own statements lead us to conclude that as president, he would use the authority of his office to act in ways that make America less safe, and which would diminish our standing in the world,” the signatories wrote in a open letter on Wednesday. “Furthermore, his expansive view of how presidential power should be wielded against his detractors poses a distinct threat to civil liberty in the United States,” said the letter, which was posted on a blog called War on the Rocks. The signatories include Robert Zoellick, a former World Bank president and deputy secretary of state; former U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff; and Dov Zakheim, a top Pentagon official under President George W. Bush. They represent both centrist Republican foreign policy circles and neoconservatives who favor a robust U.S. international role and wielded clout during Bush’s 2001-2009 presidency. Billionaire businessman Trump won the largest number of states in this week’s Super Tuesday nominating contests, intensifying moves by the party’s establishment wing to derail his path to the nomination. On Thursday, Trump in an interview with ABC News flatly rejected the criticism in the letter and blasted the nation’s military leaders as ineffective. Bryan McGrath, a retired U.S. Navy officer and adviser to Republican Mitt Romney’s unsuccessful 2012 presidential campaign who helped organize the letter, said at least two people declined to sign because of concerns it would fuel Trump’s campaign theme of being an anti-Washington candidate opposed by the establishment. “This is really drawing a bright moral line and saying that if we’re going to keep our souls, we can’t cross it,” said    Eliot Cohen, who served as counselor to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and helped spearhead the letter. Rice was asked to sign but chose not to, in keeping with her general practice of not signing on to such group letters, a spokeswoman for the Stanford University professor said. The list of signatures, which numbered 60 when the letter was released on Wednesday night, had grown to 94 by Thursday afternoon. The signatories did not include other several high-profile former officials such as Bush national security adviser Stephen Hadley or former Secretary of State Colin Powell. It was unknown if they were invited to sign. The letter rejects numerous Trump foreign policy statements, including his “hateful, anti-Muslim rhetoric,” his demand that Mexico fund a wall to control illegal immigration across the U.S. border, and his insistence that Japan pay much more for U.S. security assistance. “As committed and loyal Republicans, we are unable to support a Party ticket with Mr. Trump at its head,” the signatories said. “We commit ourselves to working energetically to prevent the election of someone so utterly unfitted to the office.” The War on the Rocks blog calls itself a platform for former diplomats, military and intelligence officers and scholars to comment “through a realist lens” on global affairs.  Trump has alarmed some mainstream Republicans with vows to shred international trade deals. Many fear a Trump presidency would severely strain ties with allies and are concerned about his stated willingness to work more closely with authoritarian Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump also has criticized the Republican Party for its backing of Bush’s 2003 Iraq invasion and has said he supports the practice of waterboarding and other similar interrogation techniques. Max Boot, a foreign policy adviser to Romney’s 2012 campaign and supporter of the Iraq invasion, was among the letter’s signers and said he “would sooner work for (North Korean dictator) Kim Jong Un than for Donald Trump. I think Donald Trump is objectively more dangerous than Kim Jong Un and not as stable.” Kurt Volker, a permanent representative to NATO under Bush, said he did not sign the letter because of concerns that any letter from “national security intelligentsia” could backfire. “He would actually use it as a bragging right,” said Volker, adding he had no intention of working for Trump but wanted to be free to offer advice to any future president, and that such a letter could prompt Trump to hold a grudge. Several others who declined to sign and asked not to be identified, said they feared it could help Democrat Hillary Clinton win the presidency. Trump told MSNBC on Thursday that he would name his foreign policy and national security advisers “in a week or two. ... But ultimately it’s my thought more than anybody else’s.” Those Trump has spoken with on foreign policy include a retired U.S. general and intelligence official, Michael Flynn, who favors closer ties with Russia. Flynn has declined to comment on whether he is advising Trump. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who won popularity for his response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has said he has been having regular talks with Trump but not in a formal role.  (Additional reporting by Phil Stewart, Arshad Mohammed and Susan Heavey; Editing by David Rohde, Stuart Grudgings, Bill Trott and Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10522,"House Speaker Ryan warns of 'rhetoric,' not of Trump ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan vowed on Thursday to speak out against Republican presidential campaign rhetoric that could mislead voters about the party and its conservative principles, but stopped short of criticizing front-runner Donald Trump directly. On a day when his former presidential running mate Mitt Romney denounced Trump, Ryan said he “laughed out loud” this week when Trump warned that the speaker could pay a big price for not getting along with him if he becomes the party nominee. “Here’s what I can control. If I see episodes where conservatism is being disfigured, if I see comments that mislead the people as to who we are as Republicans, I’m going to speak out on those,” said Ryan. The speaker has already admonished Trump for failing to disavow support from Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. “I’m going to speak out for who I am and what I believe and what we as House Republicans believe, and what conservatism is as we understand it,” he told reporters.  Romney, the Republican presidential nominee in 2012, delivered a blistering rebuke of Trump on Thursday, saying the real estate developer and former reality television star was “a phony, a fraud.”Ryan, who was Romney’s vice presidential running mate in their failed attempt to unseat President Barack Obama, said he did not know the content of the speech in advance.  “Mitt Romney is one of our party leaders. He cares deeply about the future of the Republican Party and the country,” he said. “These are the kinds of things that happen in a competitive Republican primary.” Ryan said his role as House speaker and chairman of the Republican presidential nominating committee would be to provide a bold Republican policy platform capable of offering voters substance on important issues including jobs and the economy.    He said he would reach out to each Republican presidential candidate to talk about the agenda. But Ryan said he does not know Trump. “We’re going to obviously get to know each other if he gets the nomination. And we’ll cross those bridges when we get to it,” the speaker said. “I’m a good-natured guy, so I get along with everybody.” ",1
10523,2008 Republican nominee John McCain joins Romney in blasting Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, the Republican presidential nominee in 2008, joined 2012 nominee Mitt Romney on Thursday in criticizing front-runner Donald Trump, particularly on foreign policy. “I share the concerns about Donald Trump that my friend and former Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, described in his speech today,” McCain said in a statement. “I would also echo the many concerns about Mr. Trump’s uninformed and indeed dangerous statements on national security issues that have been raised by 65 Republican defense and foreign policy leaders,” he said of the letter, published online. McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said at a time of global turmoil, “I want Republican voters to pay close attention to what our party’s most respected and knowledgeable leaders and national security experts are saying about Mr. Trump.”  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Susan Heavey) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10524,Text: Mitt Romney speech slamming Donald Trump,"(Reuters) - The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Thursday by former Massachusetts Governor and 2012 Republican nominee for U.S. president Mitt Romney to the Institute of Politics at the University of Utah. I am not here to announce my candidacy for office.  I am not going to endorse a candidate today. Instead, I would like to offer my perspective on the nominating process of my party. In 1964, days before the presidential election which, incidentally, we lost, Ronald Reagan went on national television and challenged America saying that it was a “Time for Choosing.” He saw two paths for America, one that embraced conservative principles dedicated to lifting people out of poverty and helping create opportunity for all, and the other, an oppressive government that would lead America down a darker, less free path. I’m no Ronald Reagan and this is a different moment but I believe with all my heart and soul that we face another time for choosing, one that will have profound consequences for the Republican Party and more importantly, for the country. I say this in part because of my conviction that America is poised to lead the world for another century. Our technology engines, our innovation dynamic, and the ambition and skill of our people will propel our economy and raise our standard of living. America will remain as it is today, the envy of the world. Warren Buffett was 100% right when he said last week that “the babies being born in America today are the luckiest crop in history.” That doesn’t mean we don’t have real problems and serious challenges. At home, poverty persists and wages are stagnant. The horrific massacres of Paris and San Bernardino, the nuclear ambitions of the Iranian mullahs, the aggressions of Putin, the growing assertiveness of China and the nuclear tests of North Korea confirm that we live in troubled and dangerous times. But if we make the right choices, America’s future will be even better than our past and better than our present. On the other hand, if we make improvident choices, the bright horizon I foresee will never materialize. Let me put it plainly, if we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee, the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished. Let me explain why. First, the economy: If Donald Trump’s plans were ever implemented, the country would sink into a prolonged recession. A few examples: His proposed 35% tariff-like penalties would instigate a trade war that would raise prices for consumers, kill export jobs, and lead entrepreneurs and businesses to flee America. His tax plan, in combination with his refusal to reform entitlements and to honestly address spending would balloon the deficit and the national debt. So even as Donald Trump has offered very few specific economic plans, what little he has said is enough to know that he would be very bad for American workers and for American families. But wait, you say, isn’t he a huge business success that knows what he’s talking about? No he isn’t. His bankruptcies have crushed small businesses and the men and women who worked for them. He inherited his business, he didn’t create it. And what ever happened to Trump Airlines? How about Trump University? And then there’s Trump Magazine and Trump Vodka and Trump Steaks, and Trump Mortgage? A business genius he is not. Now not every policy Donald Trump has floated is bad. He wants to repeal and replace Obamacare. He wants to bring jobs home from China and Japan. But his prescriptions to do these things are flimsy at best.  At the last debate, all he could remember about his healthcare plan was to remove insurance boundaries between states. Successfully bringing jobs home requires serious policy and reforms that make America the place businesses want to plant and grow. You can’t punish business into doing the things you want. Frankly, the only serious policy proposals that deal with the broad range of national challenges we confront, come today from Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and John Kasich. One of these men should be our nominee.  I know that some people want the race to be over. They look at history and say a trend like Mr. Trump’s isn’t going to be stopped. Perhaps. But the rules of political history have pretty much all been shredded during this campaign. If the other candidates can find common ground, I believe we can nominate a person who can win the general election and who will represent the values and policies of conservatism. Given the current delegate selection process, this means that I would vote for Marco Rubio in Florida, for John Kasich in Ohio, and for Ted Cruz or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump in a given state. Let me turn to national security and the safety of our homes and loved ones. Trump’s bombast is already alarming our allies and fueling the enmity of our enemies. Insulting all Muslims will keep many of them from fully engaging with us in the urgent fight against ISIS. And for what purpose? Muslim terrorists would only have to lie about their religion to enter the country. What he said on “60 Minutes” about Syria and ISIS has to go down as the most ridiculous and dangerous idea of the campaign season: Let ISIS take out Assad, he said, and then we can pick up the remnants. Think about that: Let the most dangerous terror organization the world has ever known take over a country? This is recklessness in the extreme. Donald Trump tells us that he is very, very smart. I’m afraid that when it comes to foreign policy he is very, very not smart. I am far from the first to conclude that Donald Trump lacks the temperament of be president.  After all, this is an individual who mocked a disabled reporter, who attributed a reporter’s questions to her menstrual cycle, who mocked a brilliant rival who happened to be a woman due to her appearance, who bragged about his marital affairs, and who laces his public speeches with vulgarity. Donald Trump says he admires Vladimir Putin, while has called George W. Bush a liar. That is a twisted example of evil trumping good. There is dark irony in his boasts of his sexual exploits during the Vietnam War while John McCain, whom he has mocked, was imprisoned and tortured. Dishonesty is Trump’s hallmark: He claimed that he had spoken clearly and boldly against going into Iraq. Wrong, he spoke in favor of invading Iraq. He said he saw thousands of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating 9/11. Wrong, he saw no such thing.  He imagined it. His is not the temperament of a stable, thoughtful leader. His imagination must not be married to real power. The President of the United States has long been the leader of the free world. The president and yes the nominees of the country’s great parties help define America to billions of people. All of them bear the responsibility of being an example for our children and grandchildren. Think of Donald Trump’s personal qualities, the bullying, the greed, the showing off, the misogyny, the absurd third grade theatrics. We have long referred to him as “The Donald.” He is the only person in America to whom we have added an article before his name. It wasn’t because he had attributes we admired. Now imagine your children and your grandchildren acting the way he does.  Will you welcome that?  Haven’t we seen before what happens when people in prominent positions fail the basic responsibility of honorable conduct?  We have, and it always injures our families and our country. Watch how he responds to my speech today. Will he talk about our policy differences or will he attack me with every imaginable low road insult? This may tell you what you need to know about his temperament, his stability, and his suitability to be president. Trump relishes any poll that reflects what he thinks of himself. But polls are also saying that he will lose to Hillary Clinton.   On Hillary Clinton’s watch at the State Department, America’s interests were diminished in every corner of the world. She compromised our national secrets, dissembled to the families of the slain, and jettisoned her most profound beliefs to gain presidential power.  For the last three decades, the Clintons have lived at the intersection of money and politics, trading their political influence to enrich their personal finances. They embody the term “crony capitalism.” It disgusts the American people and causes them to lose faith in our political process.  A person so untrustworthy and dishonest as Hillary Clinton must not become president. But a Trump nomination enables her victory.  The audio and video of the infamous Tapper-Trump exchange on the Ku Klux Klan will play a hundred thousand times on cable and who knows how many million times on social media.  There are a number of people who claim that Mr. Trump is a con man, a fake. There is indeed evidence of that. Mr. Trump has changed his positions not just over the years, but over the course of the campaign, and on the Ku Klux Klan, daily for three days in a row. We will only really know if he is the real deal or a phony if he releases his tax returns and the tape of his interview with the New York Times. I predict that there are more bombshells in his tax returns. I predict that he doesn’t give much if anything to the disabled and to our veterans. I predict that he told the New York Times that his immigration talk is just that: talk. And I predict that despite his promise to do so, first made over a year ago, he will never ever release his tax returns. Never.  Not the returns under audit, not even the returns that are no longer being audited. He has too much to hide. Nor will he authorize the Times to release the tapes. If I’m right, you will have all the proof you need to know that Donald Trump is a phony. Attacking me as he surely will won’t prove him any less of a phony. It’s entirely in his hands to prove me wrong. All he has to do is to release his back taxes like he promised he would, and let us hear what he said behind closed doors to the New York Times. Ronald Reagan used to quote a Scottish philosopher who predicted that democracies and civilizations couldn’t last more than about 200 years. John Adams wrote this: “Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.” I believe that America has proven these dire predictions wrong for two reasons. First, we have been blessed with great presidents, with giants among us. Men of character, integrity and selflessness have led our nation from its very beginning. None were perfect: each surely made mistakes. But in every case, they acted out of the desire to do what was right for America and for freedom. The second reason is because we are blessed with a great people, people who at every critical moment of choosing have put the interests of the country above their own.  These two things are related: our presidents time and again have called on us to rise to the occasion. John F. Kennedy asked us to consider what we could do for our country. Lincoln drew upon the better angels of our nature to save the union.  I understand the anger Americans feel today. In the past, our presidents have channeled that anger, and forged it into resolve, into endurance and high purpose, and into the will to defeat the enemies of freedom. Our anger was transformed into energy directed for good.  Mr. Trump is directing our anger for less than noble purposes. He creates scapegoats of Muslims and Mexican immigrants, he calls for the use of torture and for killing the innocent children and family members of terrorists.  He cheers assaults on protesters. He applauds the prospect of twisting the Constitution to limit first amendment freedom of the press. This is the very brand of anger that has led other nations into the abyss. Here’s what I know. Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He’s playing the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is a lousy hat. His domestic policies would lead to recession. His foreign policies would make America and the world less safe. He has neither the temperament nor the judgment to be president. And his personal qualities would mean that America would cease to be a shining city on a hill.  America has greatness ahead. This is a time for choosing. God bless us to choose a nominee who will make that vision a reality.  ",1
10525,"White House to tap law professor, former Hill staffer to serve on CFTC","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Thursday said he plans to tap a law professor and a former congressional staffer to serve on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the agency that polices the derivatives marketplace. The White House said it plans to nominate Chris Brummer, a law professor at Georgetown University and Brian Quintenz, an investment firm founder who previously worked for former Ohio Republican Congresswoman Deborah Pryce. If Brummer and Quintenz are eventually confirmed by the U.S. Senate, it will finally allow the CFTC to fill its two vacant seats on the five-member panel. Democratic CFTC Commissioner Mark Wetjen left the agency in August 2015, while Republican CFTC Commissioner Scott O’Malia resigned in July 2014. The CFTC won broad new powers to police the over-the-counter derivatives market in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.  The agency has largely completed writing the new regulations, and in the coming years much of the focus is expected to shift toward enforcing the rules. Debate over how the new derivatives rules will impact farmers and companies that use swaps to hedge their risks, however, has still remained a hot topic. Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts, whose panel will eventually vote on the two CFTC nominees, said Thursday he wants to make sure that both Brummer and Quintenz are sensitive to these so-called “end-users” who rely on derivatives to hedge against price fluctuations that impact their businesses. “For the CFTC to effectively function for all stakeholders, we must make sure nominees have a solid understanding of agriculture and prioritize the folks who use the futures and derivatives markets to manage risk,” he said in a statement. Brummer has previously worked in a variety of different roles, including some in the regulatory arena. In 2015, he completed a three-year stint serving on the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’s National Adjudicatory Council, a body that reviews disciplinary proceedings of brokers and brokerage firms. He also served as an academic fellow in the international affairs office of the Securities and Exchange Commission and has taught at a variety of universities. Quintenz, meanwhile, has worked as an analyst and senior associate with Hill-Townsend Capital LLC. He also served as the director of travel and as assistant to the treasurer for the presidential exploratory committee of former Congressman John Kasich. ",1
10526,"Trump, anti-Trump forces start Florida ad battle","(Reuters) - Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is buying commercial time on a TV station in West Palm Beach, Florida, taking on opponents in a paid media battle that the Republican front-runner has largely avoided so far. The March 15 nominating contest in Florida, a winner-take-all vote, is seen as one of the last chances to slow Trump’s momentum after a string of victories on Super Tuesday. One SuperPAC allied with rival presidential candidate Marco Rubio has already shelled out millions in the state.  The race has become a fight between Trump and anti-Trump interests, which should drive new demand for ads, said Mark Egan, chief client officer of Maxus Americas, a media agency owned by GroupM. “The big war really starts now,” he said.The billionaire candidate to date has relied heavily on free air time and Twitter, largely ignoring television. On Thursday he began purchasing commercial slots for the first time on West Palm Beach station WPTV, said Lloyd Bucher, vice president and general manager of the station, an NBC affiliate. He declined to discuss the amount.  SuperPACs that oppose Trump are gearing up in the state. Conservative Solutions, a SuperPAC allied with Rubio, has aired or distributed $4.8 million worth of ads and direct mail in Florida that explicitly opposes Trump, according to Federal Election Commission data from Friday through Tuesday. That is the most spent by a candidate-allied SuperPAC against Trump in a single state so far. TV stations in states with upcoming primaries are fielding more inquiries from outside groups opposing Trump, said Steve Lanzano, president and CEO of TVB, a trade body for television broadcasters.  “You are seeing a lot more SuperPACs coming out of the woodwork,” he said. Election years typically provide windfalls for local TV stations as candidates blanket airwaves. Ad spending in the weeks leading up to the South Carolina primary was four times the level of 2012, Lanzano said.  Some media investors and analysts are concerned Trump may continue to rely mostly on free media exposure, which would hurt the revenues expected for local stations. Lanzano believes the Trump campaign will start buying more time to fight back against the attacks coming his way. “I think he is going to spend a lot of money on advertising ultimately,” Lanzano said. “He is going to get bombarded.”  (Reporting by Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles, Jessica Toonkel in Hollywood, Florida, and Grant Smith in Washington; Editing by G Crosse, Peter Henderson and Andrew Hay) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10527,Security logs of Clinton email server show no evidence of foreign hacking: NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Computer security records turned over to the FBI from an email server Hillary Clinton used while she was U.S. secretary of state show no evidence of foreign hacking, the New York Times reported on Thursday, citing unnamed people close to a federal investigation into her emails. The security logs handed over by a former aide to Clinton, the Democratic front-runner in the Nov. 8 presidential election, back up her stance that her use of a personal email account did not risk exposing U.S. secrets to hackers or foreign governments, the Times said.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10528,Romney aims to stop Trump at Republican convention: CNN ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney is aiming to block Donald Trump from winning the nomination for president at the party’s convention, CNN reported on Thursday, citing an unnamed source close to Romney. The goal is to lock him out of the convention, CNN said.  (Reporting by Timothy Ahmann; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10529,New York judge weighs Cruz ballot challenge on birthplace issue,"ALBANY, New York (Reuters) - A New York judge on Thursday withheld judgment until Monday morning on a challenge from two New York residents seeking to remove Senator Ted Cruz from the state’s primary ballot for the presidential primary because of his birth in Canada. The plaintiffs objected to Cruz’s inclusion in the ballot for the state’s April 19 primary election for the Republican party’s presidential nomination, claiming the senator from Texas is constitutionally ineligible to assume the White House. New York Supreme Court Judge David Weinstein promised to decide if the case will proceed by Monday. He said the objectors, Barry Korman, 81, of Manhattan, and William Gallo, 85, of Manhasset, Long Island, could argue the merits later next week if he decides they have standing. Republican front-runner Donald Trump has repeatedly questioned Cruz’s eligibility for the White House, and residents in Alabama, Pennsylvania and Texas have filed legal challenges to block him from appearing on the ballot.  An Illinois judge dismissed a similar challenge there this week on a technicality. Some legal experts say it is unlikely any judge in the U.S. will block Cruz’s presidential run. In their Feb. 19 petition, the two New York residents attached a birth certificate for Cruz, showing he was born in December 1970 in Calgary, Alberta, in Canada, and arguing he was not “naturally born” in the United States as the Constitution dictates for any U.S. president. Cruz has said he is eligible to run because of his mother’s U.S. citizenship. His father is a Cuban immigrant. Lawyer Grant Lally, appearing for Cruz in Albany, said the judge should dismiss the case because the objectors missed a deadline to file their petition, and added the matter is a federal, not a state, issue. Roger J. Bernstein, a lawyer for the objectors, said the challenge needed a judge’s attention. “The voters of the Republican Party need clarity,” he said.   (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10530,Protesters in Kentucky claim they were assaulted at Trump rally,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) - Protesters at a Donald Trump rally in Kentucky last Tuesday have filed complaints with police claiming they were assaulted by Trump supporters, according to police and protesters. Henry Brousseau, 17, of Louisville, said he went to the Super Tuesday event at the Kentucky International Convention Center in Louisville to protest Trump’s campaign and was punched in the stomach by a woman who was wearing a T-shirt of the Traditionalist Worker Party. “We’re going to see how the police can find out who she is and hopefully we’ll move on from there,” he said in a telephone interview. Another protester, Molly Shah, 36, also of Louisville, said that she, too, had filed a complaint. Alicia Smiley, spokeswoman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department, said three complaints were filed on Wednesday and Thursday and were under review. These would mark the latest clashes between Trump supporters, security, and protesters. The day before Trump visited Louisville, black students were removed from a rally in Georgia. A website for the Traditionalist Worker Party describes it as a grassroots political organization that believes, among other things, that “European-American identity is under constant attack.”   The Southern Poverty Law Center, a non-profit civil rights and public interest advocacy organization that monitors groups it considers extremist, classifies the Traditionalist Worker Party as a white nationalist hate group, said Ryan Lentz, a writer and researcher for the center. Brousseau, who is white and transgender, said he joined people from Black Lives Matter, Parents for Social Justice, Showing Up for Racial Justice and other groups that went to the Trump rally to protest.  Video footage that has been circulated on social and traditional media shows people in Traditionalist Worker Party t-shirts pushing people, notably a young black woman, and taking their protest signs. Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in an email that the campaign does not comment on security matters.  The Traditionalist Worker Party did not respond to requests for comment, and its website, tradworker.org, does not say where it is based.   Matthew Heimbach, the group’s chairman, wrote in a blog on the website of the Traditionalist Youth Network that the protesters, including those from Black Lives Matter, were the aggressors. And he tweeted, “Its (sic) funny how BLM comes to a Trump event to fight, starts the fight and then loses the fight but plays big victims to the media.”  Southern Poverty Law Center’s Lentz said, “Matthew is a figure who is core to the white nationalists and white supremacist culture as it is right now in the U.S.”  For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here).  (Editing by Fiona Ortiz and James Dalgleish) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10531,South Dakota House fails to override veto of transgender bathroom bill,"(Reuters) - The South Dakota House of Representatives failed on Thursday to override a veto by Governor Dennis Daugaard of a bill that would have made the state the first in the United States to dictate what bathrooms transgender students can use in public schools.  By a vote of 36-29, supporters of the bill did not muster the two-thirds vote required in both chambers to override the veto. The Republican-controlled House had approved the bill beyond that threshold in January.     The proposed law would have required transgender pupils to use restrooms and locker rooms in public schools that correspond to their gender at birth.  Supporters, including conservative Christian groups such as Family Heritage Alliance Action, said the bill would enhance the privacy of all students. But civil rights groups said the measure would expose schools to legal challenges over access to restrooms and that it violated Title IX, a federal rule regarding discrimination in public schools. “Fairness and equality have prevailed over this unconscionable legislative assault on transgender children,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Washington-based Human Rights Campaign, a gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender civil rights organization, reacting to the vote on Thursday. The bill would have required schools to provide “reasonable” accommodations for transgender students. Those accommodations include a single-occupancy restroom, a unisex restroom or the supervised use of a restroom, locker room or shower room designated for use by faculty. In vetoing the bill on Tuesday, Daugaard, a Republican, said it would invite conflict and litigation, diverting resources from education. In December, a suburban Chicago school district reached an accord with the U.S. government over locker room access for a transgender student after the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights found the district discriminated against the student in violation of Title IX.  Daugaard’s veto came about a month after a U.S. appeals court heard arguments over whether a high school in Virginia should be ordered to allow a transgender male student to use the boys’ bathroom. Last week, local lawmakers in Charlotte, North Carolina, voted to allow transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their gender identity. Republican State House of Representatives Speaker Tim Moore said he would consider legislation to block the measure. ",1
10532,U.S. senators urge Obama to push for female U.N. Secretary-General,"UNITED NATIONS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Seven U.S. women senators urged President Barack Obama on Thursday to push for the election of the United Nations’ first female secretary-general later this year. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, a former South Korean foreign minister, is due to step down at the end of 2016 after two five-year terms. A man has held the top job at the world organization since its inception 70 years ago.  The 15-member Security Council, including veto powers China, Russia, the United States, Britain and France, will recommend a candidate for election by the 193-member General Assembly to succeed Ban. “We ask that the United States play a leading role in pressing for the strong consideration of qualified women,” the seven Democratic senators wrote to Obama. Led by Barbara Boxer, a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the letter was also signed by senators Patty Murray, Mazie Hirono, Tammy Baldwin, Kirsten Gillibrand, Jeanne Shaheen and Barbara Mikulski. In response to the senators’ letter, a senior Obama administration official said: “While we would welcome the selection of a woman as the next Secretary-General, we will ultimately support the best candidate of either gender.” Fifty-three 53 countries, led by Colombia, are pushing for a female secretary-general. Several civil society groups are also lobbying for a woman to lead the organization. Seven candidates have been put forward, including three women: U.N. cultural organization (UNESCO) Director-General Irina Bokova, former Croatian Foreign Minister Vesna Pusic and Moldova’s former Foreign Minister Natalia Gherman.     The other four candidates are former Macedonian Foreign Minister Srgjan Kerim, Montenegro Foreign Minister Igor Luksic, former Slovenian President Danilo Turk and former U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres.      “I would say Guterres has got the better chance of all of those who have entered the race, but I still don’t think the winning candidate has entered yet,” a senior Security Council diplomat said on condition of anonymity.      Diplomats said other potential female candidates included Helen Clark, former New Zealand prime minister and head of the U.N. Development Programme; Argentine Foreign Minister Susana Malcorra; and European Union Commissioner for Budget and Human Resources Kristalina Georgieva.  The U.N. top job traditionally rotates between regions, with Eastern Europe next on the list. “While the U.N. has upheld the consideration of regional rotation, it has not given full consideration to gender equality,” the U.S. senators wrote.  A U.S. congressional aide said other female senators, including Republicans, were approached to back the letter to Obama, but none had yet signed on. Most Republicans see many of the U.N.’s actions as attempts to improperly influence U.S. policy. ",1
10533,Kentucky governor sues to close abortion clinic,"(Reuters) - Kentucky’s Republican Governor Matt Bevin has filed a lawsuit asking a judge to close an abortion clinic in Lexington, saying it was operating without a license. The lawsuit filed in Fayette Circuit Court on Wednesday alleges that the EMW Women’s Clinic was unsanitary, maintained expired medication on the site and does not have an adequate agreement to transfer patients to a hospital in case of an emergency, according to court documents. A call placed to the clinic was not immediately returned. The Lexington clinic is one of three in Kentucky that provide abortions, according to local media. The Lexington Herald Leader said that the governor’s office filed a lawsuit last month against Planned Parenthood, saying it did not have the proper license to perform abortions at its Louisville clinic. Planned Parenthood has responded that it does have the proper licensing under an agreement with the former governor, the Herald Leader reported. According to this week’s lawsuit, filed on behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the state health service, and signed by the governor’s general counsel, EMW Women’s Clinic does not provide any care other than abortions, and therefore needs a specific type of license that it does not have. Bevin ran for governor on an anti-abortion platform and in February signed an informed consent law that requires women to consult with a doctor before having an abortion. ",1
10534,Michigan governor issues appeal over Flint funds denial,"(Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder has urged federal officials to reconsider their denial for funds to help deal with the crisis caused by lead-contaminated water in the city of Flint, his office said on Thursday.  The contamination and the state’s long delay in addressing the problem have sparked outrage and drawn attention from U.S. presidential candidates. In the latest appeal to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Snyder is requesting money to pay for food, water and other essential needs; the removal of health and safety hazards; activation of emergency operations centers; measures to avoid further damage; and homeowners’ repairs not covered by insurance. A FEMA spokesman said Snyder’s appeal was under review by the agency. The agency turned down an earlier request for financial help in January because the areas in which Snyder requested aid were deemed not appropriate, but has provided non-monetary support in the form of a FEMA coordinator.  Also in January, Snyder asked for federal declarations of emergency and major disaster. President Barack Obama approved the federal emergency declaration, but denied a major disaster declaration. Snyder appealed that decision and was denied.    Snyder said on Thursday that Flint needed continued local, state, federal and national efforts. “Assistance from our federal partners could go a long way in moving Flint forward,” he said. Activists and some Democratic state lawmakers have demanded that Snyder resign, but a spokesman said the Republican governor had no intention of stepping down. Snyder is scheduled to testify before a U.S. congressional committee on March 17. Also on Thursday, Snyder said the federal government approved a waiver allowing for Medicaid coverage for children and pregnant women in Flint. Flint, a predominantly black city of 100,000 about 60 miles (100 km) northwest of Detroit, was under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager when it switched the source of its tap water from Detroit’s system to the Flint River in April 2014.     The city switched back last October after tests found high levels of lead in blood samples taken from children. Water from the Flint River, which was more corrosive than Detroit’s, leached lead from the city’s pipes, posing widespread health risks. Experts have said it could take some time for anti-corrosive chemicals now being added to the water to re-coat pipes so that they will not leach more lead.  Meanwhile, Flint officials said they would begin replacing lead pipes running to homes with copper on Friday as part of a $55 million project. ",1
10535,Obama: 20 million Americans insured thanks to 'Obamacare',"MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday that some 20 million Americans had become insured as a result of the Affordable Care Act, his signature healthcare law also known as “Obamacare.” During a trip to Wisconsin to tout the program, Obama said he hoped Republicans would work with him during his final months in office to improve the law, which they have tried unsuccessfully to repeal. “Today I can announce that thanks to the law, 20 million more Americans now know the security of health insurance,” Obama told a crowd in Milwaukee after being introduced by a local man who said the law saved his life. The man, Brent Brown, said he was a Republican who had not voted for the Democratic president. The law was passed in 2010 and Republicans have sought to repeal it ever since. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said the estimates Obama referenced included coverage from the expansion of the Medicaid program, health insurance marketplaces, and provisions that allowed young people to stay on their parents’ private insurance plans longer. The 20 million figure was an update to a September 2015 government estimate that 17.6 million Americans had been insured as a result of the Affordable Care Act. ",1
10536,New Jersey Governor Christie says he urged Trump not to leave Republican Party,"(Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said on Thursday he has urged Donald Trump not to leave the Republican Party, saying it remains unified despite scathing criticism of Trump’s  presidential candidacy by a senior party leader earlier on Thursday. “I have urged him not to leave the party,” said Christie, a former candidate himself, who gave Trump a major boost last week when he endorsed him for the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election. “I don’t think that’s a constructive way to go about it, and he knows that,” Christie told reporters. Trump, who has repeatedly threatened to leave the Republican Party if it does not respect him, told ABC News on Thursday that Republicans should be glad he has brought millions more people into the party: “They’re leaving the Democrats. They’re leaving the independents. And they’re with me 100 percent.” The New York real estate magnate is the clear front-runner to be the Republican nominee in November but is facing heavy criticism from many in the party establishment - including a blistering speech on Thursday by the party’s 2012 presidential candidate, Mitt Romney. U.S. Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, and Ohio Governor John Kasich are trailing Trump in their bids for the nomination, but are trying to coalesce the support of establishment Republicans to topple Trump before or at the party’s nominating convention in July. Trump told MSNBC that the increasing number of ads from the establishment targeting him are “really unfair,” and that he could depart the party to run as an independent. “If I leave, if I go ... which I may do, I mean, may or may not, but if I go, I will tell you these millions of people that joined, they’ve told them, they’re all coming with me,” he said. Concern about Trump among Republicans increased at the weekend over his failure to quickly disavow support from a leading white supremacist.     “I’ve know Donald Trump for 14 years, and Donald Trump is not a bigot,” Christie told a news conference in New Jersey. “In fact, Donald Trump is someone I think who has given a lot of opportunity to a lot of people of a lot of different backgrounds, and I disagree with Governor Romney on that one.”   (Reporting by Washington newsroom; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10537,Romney's anti-Trump speech ignites social media debate,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - If Mitt Romney wanted to ignite a debate about Donald Trump’s suitability for the White House, he succeeded, at least on social media. Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, lambasted Trump in a speech on Thursday in Salt Lake City, Utah, calling him “a phony, a fraud” and saying it is his “very brand of anger that has led other nations into the abyss.” The speech was the latest illustration of how badly many mainstream Republican leaders want to stop Trump, the clear front-runner, from becoming his party’s nominee in November’s election to succeed President Barack Obama. Twitter users posted about Romney roughly 38 times per second following the speech, according to Zoomph, the social media analytics firm. Romney’s sentiment score, a measure of how positively users discuss a topic, was slightly higher than Trump’s following the speech, according to the firm. “Mitt Romney” quickly became one of the top-trending topics on Twitter in the United States. In a period of about four hours after the former Massachusetts governor’s speech, there were roughly 529,000 tweets about Romney on Twitter, according to the social media site’s own metrics. Trump’s response, a barrage of put-downs, also generated social media attention. During a campaign rally in Maine, Trump said Romney had begged him for an endorsement when he was running for the White House in 2012. Trump’s comments included what many on social media perceived to be a crude sexual joke. “I could have said ‘Mitt, drop to your knees,’ he would have dropped to his knees,” Trump said. “Is this a new @realDonaldTrump campaign slogan? ‘Drop to Your Knees, America ... and they did,’” tweeted Carl Spry (@CarlSpry). “His secret to getting so many endorsements?”. Romney said later he would not have accepted Trump’s endorsement four years ago if Trump had spoken as he does now. “If Trump had said 4 years ago the things he says today about the KKK, Muslims, Mexicans, disabled, I would NOT have accepted his endorsement,” Romney tweeted (@MittRomney), referring to the white supremacist group the Ku Klux Klan. In his speech slamming both Trump’s policy proposals and his style, Romney did not endorse any of the candidates remaining in the Republican race. But one of them, Ohio Governor John Kasich (@JohnKasich), tweeted his support, saying “Well said, @MittRomney.” A photo of the presidential Oval Office accompanied the tweet, with the caption “The One Who Works Here Should Make Us Proud.” Other presidential candidates remained quiet on Twitter, but Republican South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley offered her support for Romney. “A brilliant speech by @MittRomney. No one can ever question his love for our party and our country. #TrueLeadership #MittRomney,” she (@nikkihaley) tweeted.  Haley has endorsed Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida,  for the Republican nomination.  (Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus and Melissa Fares in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10538,Florida Gov. Scott not endorsing 2016 Republican presidential candidate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Florida Governor Rick Scott said on Thursday he would not endorse anyone in the 2016 Republican presidential race, despite the candidacy of a senator from his home state, Marco Rubio. “I trust the voters, so I will not try to tell the Republican voters in Florida how to vote by endorsing a candidate before our primary on March 15. I believed in the voters when I first ran for office, and I still believe in them today,” Scott, a Republican, said in a statement.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10539,"No sign of end to fight on U.S. ambassador to Mexico, Rubio holds firm","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Marco Rubio has no plans to allow a vote on President Barack Obama’s nominee to be ambassador to Mexico, a spokesman said on Thursday, despite calls from his fellow Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to let her confirmation move ahead. The long delay in confirming career diplomat Roberta Jacobson has contributed to concerns about the state of U.S.-Mexico relations fueled by aggressive rhetoric against its citizens in the race to be the 2016 Republican nominee. Three Democratic and one Republican U.S. senator held a news conference on Thursday calling for her nomination to move ahead. There has been no U.S. ambassador in Mexico City for nine months. Donald Trump, the front-runner for the Republican nomination, has labeled Mexicans drug runners and rapists and called for a massive wall along the border. Rubio and fellow Republican Senator Ted Cruz have also proposed building a wall. Obama nominated Jacobson in June. She has faced resistance from Rubio and some other lawmakers, however, for reasons including her role in helping negotiate Obama’s easing of relations with Communist-ruled Cuba and what they say is the administration’s failure to prioritize human rights. Rubio, a Cuban-American from Florida, has been a leading opponent of the policy, saying Havana should improve its rights record before trade and travel restrictions are eased. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved Jacobson’s nomination in November, with Republican and Democratic support. But Rubio has been blocking her, under a Senate rule allowing any member to “hold” a nomination indefinitely. “Senator Rubio maintains his strong opposition to this nominee on the basis of her failure to be transparent during the confirmation process, inability to provide straightforward answers, and poor track record on a wide range of issues as the assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs,” Rubio spokesman Alex Burgos said. Senators from states that border Mexico held a news conference with the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce calling for Jacobson’s confirmation, citing the importance of the U.S.-Mexico relationship. Mexico is the second largest market for U.S. exports and the country’s third-largest trading partner. “It’s extremely important,” said Republican Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona. Democrat Tom Udall of New Mexico, who tried to bring up Jacobson’s nomination in the Senate but was blocked by Republican Mike Lee on Rubio’s behalf, said he was confident Jacobson would be confirmed if a vote went ahead. ",1
10540,Trump to fundraise for campaign if he wins Republican nomination: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, who has self-funded his primary campaign, would turn to donors in the general election if he wins the party’s nomination, CNN reported on Thursday. Citing a unnamed source familiar with the plan, CNN said Trump and his staff have told some individuals, including potential donors, that he would begin to raise funds as soon as he secures the nomination.  (Reporting by Timothy Ahmann) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10541,U.S. defense chief urges Congress to stick to bipartisan budget deal,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter Thursday urged Congress to stick to a bipartisan budget agreement that locked in spending levels for fiscal 2016 and 2017, warning that reopening the deal would lead to inefficiencies and could raise concerns overseas. Carter told military leaders and industry at an event hosted by Microsoft Corp that the Department of Defense needed greater stability to plan its spending levels and prepare for the complex challenges it faces around the world. “We’ve got to come together in Washington and break the gridlock for such important functions as funding the federal government,” Carter said. “We can’t go in every fiscal year with chaos and continuing resolutions. That’s a money waster ... because it causes us to manage inefficiently.” Carter said he worried that Congress could undermine the two-year budget agreement that set funding levels for this fiscal year and the one that begins Oct. 1. “I really hope the bipartisan budget agreement sticks,” Carter said, noting that it was even more difficult to maintain such deals in a presidential election year. U.S. defense officials worry that Republican moves to add funding to the Pentagon’s fiscal 2017 budget plan could jeopardize the budget deal. Carter said the turbulence caused by recent budget battles was not helpful for managing the Pentagon and gave allies and potential enemies the false impression that the U.S. military was in disarray when it was actually investing well overall.     ",1
10542,Cuba sending Americans to the beach during Obama visit,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Americans traveling to Cuba later this month are being moved out of Havana hotels to make room for President Barack Obama’s entourage and being sent tantalizingly close to a place U.S. law effectively forbids them from visiting: the beach.  Obama will make his historic trip to the Communist-ruled Caribbean island on March 21-22 with hundreds of people in tow, crowning 15 months of warming relations after more than half a century of Cold War animosity. Cuba is already experiencing a tourism boom and March is traditionally its busiest month. The Obama visit has put additional strain on hotels that have already been booked to capacity for much of the high season. Major Havana hotels are being cleared, according to the head of a U.S. travel company who asked not to be identified for concern it would damage future business relations. “Just got notice that the Capri, Panorama, Nacional, half of Parque Central and potentially other hotels have been told to send all guests to Varadero from the 19th to 23rd of March,” he wrote in an e-mail. The Varadero resort, an hour’s drive east of Havana, is Cuba’s most sought after tourism destination, with sandy white beaches, shimmering waters and plentiful hotels. But the beach is off limits to Americans as U.S. restrictions on travel to the island expressly forbid tourism in Cuba. Americans are limited to authorized travel such as educational and cultural exchanges. This means most U.S. visitors are concentrated in Havana, where there are lots of cultural sites and activities, a rocky seafront and scarce hotel rooms. “The Cuban government is clearing out Havana hotels and sending visiting U.S. groups to Varadero Beach for a long weekend,” said Collin Laverty, president of Cuban Educational Travel, which organizes authorized U.S. travel groups. “Tourism will be hard to avoid for a few days as U.S. visitors are surrounded by white sand, turquoise water and all you can eat and drink bars and buffets,” he added. “But we will try.”      Cuban travel agencies were not immediately available for comment. Following the U.S.-Cuban detente announced by Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro in December 2014, American visits to Cuba soared 77 percent in 2015 to 161,000 visitors. Cuba is expecting a similar increase this year. Obama, a Democrat, has loosened travel restrictions to the once-forbidden land as well as some other trade barriers. But only Congress, currently controlled by Republicans, can lift the U.S. embargo and its ban on tourism, in place since the early 1960s. ",1
10543,New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's ratings slide in state poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s approval ratings have fallen after the one-time presidential hopeful endorsed Republican front-runner Donald Trump, according to a statewide opinion poll. The poll by Fairleigh Dickinson University, released on Wednesday, showed that Christie’s approval rating fell to 27 percent from 33 percent before the endorsement.  The drop was greater among those without party affiliation, with approval falling to 18 percent from 34 percent among that group. Only 29 percent said New Jersey was headed in the right direction, with 59 percent saying it was not. Fairleigh Dickinson said the rating was the lowest it had recorded during Christie’s tenure. Christie has drawn fire for spending much of his time out of the state while campaigning for the Republican presidential nomination. He was expected to return to New Jersey politics after he dropped out of the running, but endorsing Trump has put him back on the campaign trail. The most recent survey by Fairleigh Dickinson’s PublicMind was conducted Feb. 24-28 by telephone. It had a randomly selected sample of 694 self-identified registered voters in New Jersey.  (Reporting by Edward Krudy; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10544,U.S. top court denies bid to block mercury air pollution rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court sided with the Obama administration on Thursday in rebuffing a bid by 20 states to halt an Environmental Protection Agency rule to curb emissions of mercury and other toxic pollutants from power plants. The action came about a month after the high court put on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants, the centerpiece of President Barack Obama’s strategy to combat climate change. Chief Justice John Roberts denied a petition made last week by the states, led by Michigan, to put the rule on hold after a federal appeals court decided in December to leave it intact while the EPA reassessed costs of implementing the regulation. The states had argued that a stay was necessary because the Supreme Court had “already held that the finding on which the rule rests is unlawful and beyond the EPA’s statutory authority.” The Supreme Court ruled last June that the EPA should have considered compliance costs when it decided to limit emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants mainly from coal-fired power plants, and returned the case to the appeals court. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit subsequently said the regulations could remain in place while the government responds to the high court’s June ruling. The appeals court gave the EPA until April 15 to come up with compliance costs. The EPA rule, which went into effect last April, applies to about 1,400 electricity-generating units at 600 power plants. Many are already in compliance. EPA spokeswoman Melissa Harrison said the agency was “very pleased” with Roberts’ action, noting that power plants are the largest source of mercury pollution in the United States.  “These practical and achievable standards cut harmful pollution from power plants, saving thousands of lives each year and preventing heart and asthma attacks,” Harrison said. Environmental groups and 15 other states that had asked the court to reject the stay request applauded Roberts’ action and called on the attorneys general in the group of states led by Michigan to end their legal challenge to the rule. The rule is “safeguarding millions of American children from poisons such as mercury, arsenic and acid gases,” said Vickie Patton, general counsel for the Environmental Defense Fund anti-pollution advocacy group, a party to the case. ",1
10545,Donald Trump Jr. appears with white supremacist on radio show,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One of Donald Trump’s sons appeared along with a white supremacist while giving an interview on a conservative radio show, adding to concerns that the front-runner in the battle to be the Republican candidate in November’s presidential election is willing to accept support from extremist supporters. Donald Trump Jr., who is actively campaigning for his father, gave an interview on Tuesday on “Liberty Roundtable,” a conservative Utah-based radio show hosted by Sam Bushman. During the show he was questioned by James Edwards, another radio host whose show “The Political Cesspool” is described by the Southern Poverty Law Center, a leading U.S. civil rights group, as “racist and anti-Semitic.”  During the interview, conducted over the telephone, Trump Jr. talked about what a good father Donald Trump was and how his campaign is changing the Republican Party. “It’s not a campaign anymore, it’s a movement,” he told his interviewers. (here) Edwards said on his blog on Tuesday he would rebroadcast the 20-minute interview on Saturday on ""The Political Cesspool."" here The show, founded in 2005 and syndicated by Bushman’s Liberty News Radio organization, has featured such extremists as former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke and Holocaust denier Willis Carto. Edwards also said on his blog he had attended a Memphis rally for the billionaire candidate as a credentialed media member last Saturday. The Trump campaign, asked about an interview in the presence of the Tennessee-based Edwards, denied any knowledge of it. The campaign also said it did not know about Edwards’ personal views. “The campaign provided media credentials to everyone that requested access to the event on Saturday in Memphis. There were close to 200 reporters in attendance and we do not personally vet each individual. The campaign had no knowledge of his personal views and strongly condemns them.  “Donald Trump Jr. was not in attendance and although he served as a surrogate for his father on several radio programs over the past week, to his knowledge and that of the campaign, he did not participate in an interview with this individual,” campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in an email.     Edwards, in an email, directed questions about the interview to Bushman, but said in a statement: “My show, The Political Cesspool, promotes a proud, paleoconservative Christian worldview, and we reject media descriptions of our work as “white supremacist,” “pro-slavery” and other such scare words. “As I clearly wrote in yesterday’s article, in no way should anyone interpret our press credentialing and subsequent interview with Donald Trump, Jr. as any kind of endorsement by the Trump campaign.” Donald Trump won a majority of the states holding nominating contests on Super Tuesday, accelerating his march to the Republican nomination. He has promised to build a wall on the Mexican border, temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States and block Syrian refugees because they might be militants, all policies popular with some U.S. right-wing groups. Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday condemned white supremacist groups after Trump earlier failed to disavow support for former Klan leader Duke, but the leaders declined further comment on Trump’s White House bid. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said any Republican nominee must reject any group “built on bigotry” while Senate leader Mitch McConnell said Senate Republicans condemned groups such as the Klan and “everything they stand for.”       (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10546,U.S. senator calls for GAO probe to protect babies born drug-dependent,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The ranking Democrat on the U.S. Senate subcommittee on children and families wants a congressional watchdog agency to investigate whether states are complying with a federal law meant to protect newborns in drug withdrawal and help their families. In a letter sent this week to the U.S. Government Accountability Office, Senator Robert Casey of Pennsylvania asked that the probe examine what steps Congress or the Obama Administration could take “to improve compliance and save the lives of vulnerable infants.” The request comes in response to a Reuters investigation in December that identified the preventable deaths of 110 babies whose mothers used opioids during pregnancy and were subsequently sent home to families ill-equipped to care for them. A 2003 federal law calls on states to require that healthcare workers notify child protection services when a baby is born affected by illegal substance abuse or has symptoms of drug withdrawal. Such reports are not to be used as evidence of abuse, the law says, but rather to help develop a “plan of safe care” for the newborns after they leave the hospital. Reuters found that no more than nine states and the District of Columbia appear to follow the law. Even so, no state had lost federal funding from failing to abide by the provision. More than 27,000 newborns in the United States were diagnosed with drug withdrawal syndrome in 2013 – five times the number diagnosed with the condition in 2003. “Reuters’ groundbreaking report on the condition of children born with opioid dependencies should be a call to action for all members of Congress,” Casey said in a separate statement. Cathleen Palm, executive director of the Center for Children’s Justice, a Pennsylvania non-profit advocacy group, supported Casey’s action.  “By GAO and Congress saying we want states to tangibly tell us what they are doing, it’s going to force them to really look at it,” Palm said. “It just feels like we’re about to get a whole lot more motivated about these babies and their families.” Mark Weber, a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees compliance with the law, said the agency will “work with the GAO when an inquiry is made.” The Reuters investigation, “Helpless & Hooked,” can be found at reut.rs/1NSc7uC ",1
10547,"Trump makes overture to Ryan, while Republicans wrestle with party's future","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, leading the pack for the Republican presidential nomination, has reached out to House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, it was disclosed on Wednesday, even as some Republicans strategized over how to potentially knock the billionaire businessman’s campaign off its stride. The Trump campaign contacted Ryan’s office late on Monday, a spokeswoman for Ryan said, on the eve of the Super Tuesday nominating contests in which hundreds of delegates were at stake for the Republican candidates. The Trump overture also came a day before the Republican speaker publicly admonished Trump over his failure to repudiate the backing of his candidacy by a white supremacist group. Trump responded with a warning to Ryan. “We have heard from the (Trump) campaign, but the two have not yet spoken,” Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck said in a statement released on Twitter on Wednesday, one day after Trump swept victories in seven of the 11 states that held Republican nominating contests on the biggest day in the primary season. Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong did not describe the subject or details of Trump’s overture to the speaker. After months of shrugging off Trump’s candidacy, Republicans are now grappling with the distinct possibility that he may be their party’s nominee to take on the Democrats, likely led by Hillary Clinton, in the Nov. 8 presidential election.  A Republican senator who asked not to be identified, and a senior aide to another Republican senator, told Reuters that many private conversations were underway on Capitol Hill about finding ways to slow or stop Trump. “People are leaning on people everywhere,” to convince Ohio Governor John Kasich to exit the race so the party can unify around a single Trump alternative, either Senator Marco Rubio or Senator Ted Cruz. Kasich, however, was expected to stay in at least until the Ohio primary on March 15. At the core of such conversations, said the aide and another senior Senate Republican aide, who also asked not to be identified, is avoiding a deadlock at the Republican convention, which “would forever result in the loss of our base,” said one of the aides.  Ryan has until this week avoided commenting on the presidential race. On Tuesday he said any Republican nominee must reject any group “built on bigotry.” The remark was aimed at Trump after Trump did not immediately repudiate support from a white supremacist group over the weekend. Trump fired back at Ryan in a news conference in Florida on Tuesday night, warning the speaker would pay “a big price” if he stood in Trump’s way. Ryan’s office did not say on Wednesday when the two men might talk. But Ryan’s spokesman said the speaker planned to be in touch with all of the Republican presidential candidates soon to discuss the conservative policy agenda.  (Reporting by Susan Cornwell and Richard Cowan; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10548,Mexico says won't pay for Trump's 'terrible' border wall,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - There is no way Mexico would fund Donald Trump’s “terrible” plan to build a wall along its border with the United States if the Republican front-runner wins the U.S. presidential election, the Mexican finance minister said. Trump, the New York billionaire developer and former reality television star, sparked outrage in Mexico when he vowed to force Latin America’s second largest economy to pay for a wall along the southern U.S. border to stem the flow of illegal immigration and drugs. In a televised interview late on Wednesday, Finance Minister Luis Videgaray categorically rejected the proposal.     “Under no circumstance will Mexico pay for the wall that Mr. Trump is proposing,” he said. “Building a wall between Mexico and the United States is a terrible idea. It is an idea based on ignorance and has no foundation in the reality of North American integration.” Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border and has vowed to increase fees on some Mexican visas and all border crossing cards as part of a broader plan to force Mexico to pay for the wall. Former conservative Mexican presidents Felipe Calderon and Vicente Fox have compared Trump to Adolf Hitler while fears of a Trump presidency have helped stoke a spike in the numbers of immigrants trying to enter the United States.  (Reporting By Alexandra Alper; Editing by Simon Gardner and Bill Trott) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10549,"Carson signals exit, U.S. Republicans grapple with Trump victories","(Reuters) - Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson signaled on Wednesday he was quitting the Republican presidential race, leaving three candidates facing Donald Trump as the party establishment struggled to find a way to halt the outspoken businessman. Carson, a conservative who briefly led opinion polls among Republicans earlier in the campaign, said he did not “see a political path forward” after performing poorly in this week’s Super Tuesday nominating contests. He said he would not participate in a Republican debate on Thursday. Despite a push by some mainstream Republicans to try to block Trump from winning the nomination, the billionaire industrialist Koch brothers will not deploy their $400 million political arsenal to attack him in the presidential primary campaign.        As a conservative black Republican, Carson, 64, stood out in the mostly white Republican Party, but his campaign foundered amid staff infighting and questions about Carson’s familiarity with foreign policy. His departure is unlikely to have a major impact on the fight among Republicans to become the party’s candidate in the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. Reuters/Ipsos polling last month showed Carson supporters would mostly likely be split if he dropped out between Trump and U.S. Senators Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas.  Trump consolidated his lead in the Republican race with a string of victories on Tuesday that moved him closer to    becoming the nominee. The 69-year-old New York real estate tycoon won seven states from Massachusetts to the conservative Deep South. His victories compounded the problem for a party whose leaders are critical of many of Trump’s positions and values and skeptical he can defeat the likely Democratic nominee, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Trump has showered insults on rivals and is facing strong party disapproval over his ideas to build a wall between the United States and Mexico, deport 11 million illegal immigrants and temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country. The 2012 Republican nominee, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, plans to deliver a rebuke of Trump on Thursday in a speech in Utah, sources familiar with his thinking said. It will be a high-profile display of establishment Republican unease. Romney’s speech comes on the same day that Trump and his  remaining rivals, Rubio, Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich share a debate stage in Detroit, hosted by Fox News. The Koch brothers, the most powerful conservative mega donors in the United States, “have no plans to get involved” in the Republican primary process, James Davis, spokesman for Freedom Partners, the brothers’ political umbrella group, told Reuters.         Donors and media reports have speculated that the brothers would launch a “Trump Intervention,” a strategy that would involve deploying the Kochs’ vast political network to target Trump in hopes of removing him from the race.   Trump has reached out to House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the most senior Republican in Congress. The Trump campaign contacted Ryan’s office late on Monday, a day before the speaker publicly admonished Trump over his failure to repudiate the backing of his candidacy by a white supremacist group. Trump responded with a warning to Ryan.     Among Trump’s rivals, Cruz, 45, won three states on Tuesday, bolstering the conservative senator’s argument that he has the best chance of stopping former reality TV star Trump. The Republican establishment’s favored 2016 candidate, Rubio, only won one Super Tuesday state, taking Minnesota. Anti-Trump Republicans have yet to coalesce around a single strategy to halt him, but the conservative group Club for Growth claimed credit for slowing Trump in some primary states by running attack ads. It said it would air a new advertisement in Florida as part of a $1.5 million ad buy. Some party donors - including hedge-fund manager Paul Singer and Meg Whitman, the Hewlett-Packard Enterprise chief executive - organized a phone call on Tuesday to get funding for an anti-Trump effort, The New York Times reported.  But one of Trump’s former rivals in the 2016 race, Mike Huckabee, admonished Republicans for not respecting the will of the voters. “The establishment Republicans are all bed-wetting over this and they don’t seem to understand that we have an election,” the former Arkansas governor said on Fox News. “Let’s remember that we have an election process, not a selection process.” Trump responded to the furor against him, saying in a tweet on Wednesday: “The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.” Trump later unveiled proposals for reforming U.S. healthcare that included repealing Obamacare, allowing prescription drugs to be imported, and turning the Medicaid program for the poor into block grants to states. Democrats pounced on the Republican campaign infighting.     Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid called Trump a “monster” the Republicans spawned with their years of rancorous opposition to all major Obama administration initiatives. “Republicans created him by spending seven years appealing to some of the darkest forces in America,” Reid said on the Senate floor. In the Democratic race, Clinton, 68, took big steps on Tuesday toward securing her party’s nomination, the 2016 campaign’s biggest day of state-by-state nominating contests. Clinton’s rival, U.S Senator Bernie Sanders, 74, won his home state of Vermont along with Colorado, Minnesota and Oklahoma.        (Reporting by John Whitesides in Washington and Steve Holland in Detroit; Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson, Richard Cowan, Doina Chiacu, Megan Cassella and Eric Walsh in Washington and Michelle Conlin in New York; Writing by Doina Chiacu and Alistair Bell; Editing by Frances Kerry and Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10550,Immunity to State Dept staffer who set up Clinton email server: WashPost,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department has given immunity from prosecution to a State Department employee who helped set up and manage the private email server Hillary Clinton used for her work as secretary of state, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday. A senior U.S. law enforcement official said the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had secured the cooperation of Bryan Pagliano, who worked on Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign before joining the State Department with her and setting up the server in her New York home in 2009, the newspaper reported. (wapo.st/1RqkIk2) The Post described the investigation as a criminal inquiry, a label Clinton and her staff have resisted as they seek to reassure voters that the frontrunner to become the Democratic Party’s nominee in November’s presidential election is not in legal jeopardy. Clinton has said she did nothing wrong and that she believes the U.S. government will vindicate her. She has also apologized for what she said was poor judgment. In 2014, Clinton returned about 30,000 emails to the State Department, but said she “chose not to keep” thousands of others her staff deemed not to be work-related. Her staff have acknowledged that other work emails were not handed over, without explaining why. More than 2,000 of Clinton’s work emails contain classified information that could harm national security if exposed, according the State Department, including 22 classified as ‘top secret’, the highest level. The government forbids sending or storing classified emails through unsecured, non-government channels, and has prosecuted people for breaches. Brian Fallon, a Clinton spokesman, said in a statement that Clinton’s campaign was “pleased” that Pagliano was cooperating. The Justice Department and FBI declined to comment on whether Pagliano had been granted immunity, and his lawyer did not respond to questions. Last month, a federal judge overseeing a civil lawsuit against the State Department ruled that department officials and aides to Clinton could be questioned under oath about whether her use of a private email system was an effort to skirt open records laws. The FBI is likely to ask Clinton and her aides in coming months how the server was set up and whether they knew they were sending classified information in emails, the Post reported. Pagliano has declined to testify to lawmakers, citing a constitutional right against self-incrimination. Republicans have called for Clinton’s prosecution. “This terrible error in judgment coupled with Clinton’s arrogant and dishonest claims shows she can’t be trusted with the presidency,” Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee’s chairman, said in a statement.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh and Mark Hosenball in Washington and Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler and Richard Borsuk) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10551,Republican Trump releases healthcare proposals,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday unveiled proposals for reforming U.S. healthcare that included repealing Obamacare, allowing prescription drugs to be imported, and turning the Medicaid program for the poor into block grants to states. The plan also calls for the sale of health insurance plans across state lines, full deduction of health insurance premiums from income tax and adds: ""We must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance.""  (here) Trump, who is the front-runner in the race to become the Republican nominee in November’s presidential election, is also proposing allowing individuals to use Health Savings Accounts (HAS) to pay for out-of-pocket expenses. Contributions to HSAs would be tax-free and could be passed on to heirs without any tax penalty. The proposals include requiring “...price transparency from all healthcare providers, especially doctors and healthcare organizations like clinics and hospitals. Individuals should be able to shop to find the best prices for procedures, exams or any other medical-related procedure.”          On drug prices, Trump departs from standard Republican policy by calling for lowering barriers to cheaper imported pharmaceuticals. “Allowing consumers access to imported, safe and dependable drugs from overseas will bring more options to consumers,” the statement says, adding that “Congress will need the courage to step away from the special interests and do what is right for America.” The proposals also call for reforming mental health programs and institutions, but provides few details about how to do this. Trump also called for tighter enforcement of immigration laws, a key plank in his campaign platform, as a way to bring down healthcare costs. “Providing healthcare to illegal immigrants costs us some $11 billion annually. If we were to simply enforce the current immigration laws and restrict the unbridled granting of visas to this country, we could relieve healthcare cost pressures on state and local governments,” the proposal statement says.     Democrats were quick to criticize the plan. “As Democrats have said all along, Donald Trump is not an outsider engaging in a hostile takeover of the GOP – in fact, he embodies the Republican Party. “The fact that his healthcare ‘plan’ is clearly cribbed from worn-out and false GOP talking points proves that Trump is just another Republican politician who wants to take healthcare away from millions of Americans without offering any substantive alternative,” Democratic National Committee Communications Director Luis Miranda said in a statement. ",1
10552,"Another debate brawl? Fox News, Kelly set for Trump rematch","LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Thursday’s Republican debate on Fox News Channel could be Round 2 of Megyn Kelly versus Donald Trump. But the journalist and fellow moderators say they are not preparing to stoke the fire with questions about his headline-grabbing battles with the network. Trump accused Kelly of lobbing him tougher questions than those directed at his rivals in an August debate that was the Republican candidates’ first televised encounter. Kelly asked about Trump’s remarks about women, prompting a stream of attacks from the candidate, who skipped a Fox debate in January. “Frankly, I have been ready for seven months to move beyond what happened after that August debate,” Kelly said in a recent interview. “I feel like it’s getting boring. Trump has bigger things to worry about, and so do I.” The brash billionaire’s unfiltered style has helped generate unprecedented ratings for news networks including Fox, owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O). The cable channel’s August debate attracted 24 million viewers, a record for a presidential primary debate on any network, according to Nielsen. The January forum without Trump drew 12.5 million, still the second-largest audience in the network’s history. Trump is set to appear at Thursday’s rematch with Fox News anchors Kelly, Bret Baier and Chris Wallace. “Mr. Trump will be at the debate tomorrow and looks forward to participating,” spokeswoman Hope Hicks said on Wednesday.  The moderators said they do not plan to mention Trump’s comments about Kelly, his complaints about unfair treatment by the cable news network or his absence from Fox’s January debate.  Kelly said she has not prepared a comeback if Trump gets personal. “I have my questions,” she said. “That’s all I need.” Last week’s debate on Time Warner Inc’s (TWX.N) CNN turned into a raucous match where rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio ganged up on Trump, who fired back. Wallace called it an “embarrassment” to Republicans. The three “seemed hell-bent on taking out each other on a lot of fairly minor points,” he said, “rather than discussing issues that affect people’s lives.” On Tuesday, Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton took big steps toward securing their parties’ nominations with a series of state-by-state victories.   After 10 Republican debates, there remains plenty to explore because the remaining candidates - Trump, Cruz, Rubio and John Kasich - have now staked out positions, Kelly said.  “They will have to own those positions or try to wiggle out,” she said. “But there is not that much wiggle room left on some of these things.” A fifth candidate, Ben Carson, appeared set to end his campaign and said he would skip Thursday’s debate. Cruz has clashed with Wallace on air and accused him of being too soft on Trump. The contenders “try to work the refs and complain and hope they will get it a little easier next time,” Wallace said. All three moderators said they ask tough questions of each candidate. “I think Fox has been fair across the board,” Baier said. He said he hopes for a discussion that is “fiery” but “the most substantive debate so far” as rivals try to score points.    “We will let the contrasts and the conversations between candidates go,” Baier said. “But there will be some balance. That’s what it’s always about, not letting it get off the rails.”  (Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Peter Henderson and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10553,Key justice Kennedy wavers as Supreme Court confronts abortion,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A closely divided Supreme Court struggled with its biggest abortion case in years on Wednesday, with pivotal Justice Anthony Kennedy voicing concerns about a restrictive Texas law yet stopping short of signaling he would strike it down. The court’s four liberal justices indicated they believed the law, which imposes strict regulations on abortion doctors and clinic buildings, intrudes on a woman’s constitutional right to end a pregnancy established in a 1973 ruling. Conservative justices including Kennedy expressed doubt during the 85-minute oral argument about claims by abortion providers who asserted that the Republican-backed 2013 law forced numerous clinics to shut down. Kennedy at one point suggested sending the case back to a lower court to get further evidence on the law’s impact, including an assessment of the ability of existing Texas clinics to meet the demand for abortions.  If there is evidence new clinics that meet the state’s regulations have increased capacity to perform abortions, it would show the law has provided a “beneficial effect,” Kennedy said. The outcome appeared to be in the hands of Kennedy, who often casts the deciding vote in close rulings. In past abortion cases, he has backed a fundamental right to abortion while supporting some restrictions. The court was shorthanded with only eight justices following the Feb. 13 death of conservative Antonin Scalia, leaving the liberals and conservatives evenly divided. The best that supporters of the law could hope for would be a 4-4 split that would let stand a lower-court ruling that affirmed the Texas regulations but set no nationwide legal precedent on whether other states could enact similar measures. However, a such ruling leaving the Texas law intact could encourage other states with anti-abortion legislatures to pass similar laws. Kennedy gave little indication he would be willing to uphold the law in full, as his three conservative colleagues would be expected to do. If Kennedy sides with the court’s four liberals, the court could either send the case back to the lower court or strike it down. A ruling is due by the end of June. A decision sending the case to a lower court could mean the dispute might not be resolved for years.  Some justices questioned the lack of evidence on why specific clinics closed after the law was passed, which could be addressed if new legal proceedings take place. Abortion providers assert that the law caused 22 of 41 clinics to close, but the state contests those numbers. “What is the evidence in the record that the closures are related to the legislation?” conservative Chief Justice John Roberts asked. Texas contends the law, passed by a Republican-controlled legislature and signed by a Republican governor, protects women’s health. The abortion providers who have challenged it assert that the regulations are aimed at shutting down their clinics. In a sign that he was not comfortable with aspects of the law, Kennedy sounded concerned about a possible increase in surgical abortions prompted in part by the state’s separate new restrictions on medically induced abortions, in which women take pills to terminate a pregnancy. Kennedy said that “this law has really increased the number of surgical procedures as opposed to medical procedures, and that this may not be medically wise.” Abortion rights advocates say surgical abortions increased because of the delays women seeking an abortion faced as a result of the 2013 law. Liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg questioned the need for a provision of the law requiring clinics to have costly, hospital-grade facilities, when abortions almost always are low-risk procedures for the woman. “What was the problem the legislature was responding to that it needed to improve the facilities for women’s health?” Ginsburg asked. The Texas law requires abortion doctors to have “admitting privileges,” a type of formal affiliation, at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of the clinic. Abortion providers say the provision already has forced clinics to close because such an affiliation is hard to obtain. The abortion providers also challenged a provision, not yet in effect, requiring clinics to have hospital-grade facilities with standards for corridor width, plumbing, parking spaces, room size, the spacing of beds and many other attributes. Conservative Justice Samuel Alito indicated support for the regulations and referred to evidence that abortion facilities in Texas “have been cited for really appalling violations when they were inspected: holes in the floor where rats could come in, the lack of any equipment to adequately sterilize instruments.” The Supreme Court’s last major abortion ruling came in 2007 when it upheld a federal law banning a late-term abortion procedure. The Supreme Court legalized abortion in the 1973 Roe v. Wade case. But abortion remains a disputed issue in the United States, as it does in many countries, and some states have passed laws aiming to place a variety of restrictions on a woman’s ability to terminate a pregnancy. The court is considering the Texas case in the midst of the heated campaign ahead of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. ",1
10554,"After primary win, Senate Banking chair may move some nominees","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, fresh off his primary victory in Alabama, signaled on Wednesday that he may soon end his moratorium on some of the 16 Obama administration financial nominees awaiting panel confirmation. The stalled nominees include those for two Federal Reserve Board governors, two Securities and Exchange commissioners, a U.S. Export-Import Bank board member needed to approve large financing deals and the U.S. Treasury’s top anti-terrorist finance official.     Banking Committee Democrats and some policy analysts had speculated that Shelby, 81, might be more willing to break the logjam once he defeated a 33-year-old Tea Party-backed primary challenger who had tried to make an issue of his age and long tenure in Washington.  Shelby returned to Washington for a Senate vote on Wednesday afternoon, but Reuters could not reach him in the Capitol. His spokeswoman, Torrie Matous, said that the five-term senator now “intends to address a number of issues throughout the year including some nominations.” She added that he would likely begin announcing some hearing plans next week. In Alabama on Tuesday, Shelby easily defeated four challengers to take 65 percent of the vote, enough to avoid a runoff election in April. In a campaign atmosphere dominated by Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s anti-establishment message, Shelby did the opposite, running on his experience and emphasizing his “power base in Washington, D.C.”  Earlier this week, Democrats on the Banking Committee urged Shelby to “stop obstructing” the nominations. One of the most acute problems is for the Export-Import Bank, which cannot approve loans or guarantees above $10 million without Senate confirmation of a third board member —effectively locking it out of deals for Boeing commercial aircraft or major power equipment made by General Electric Conservatives, including Shelby, had waged a major campaign to close the trade bank last year, idling it for more than five months before Congress voted to renew its charter. The Fed nominees, former community banker Allan Landon and University of Michigan economist Kathryn Dominguez, would restore the central bank’s board to its full capacity of seven members.  Many had written off their chances of being confirmed, in part because of the testy relationship between Congress and the Fed, which has opposed Republican bills it says would curb its independence. Shelby had previously said that he would not move the 16 nominees until the Obama administration named a Fed vice chair for supervision, a position created by the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. ",1
10555,Emotions run high outside courthouse for abortion showdown,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Emotions over abortion simmered on the sidewalks outside the U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday, with hundreds of activists on both sides of the issue staging dueling rallies and anti-abortion lawmakers joining the fray. “If you support life, let me hear you scream,” South Carolina Republican U.S. Senator Tim Scott told anti-abortion demonstrators, eliciting yells and applause. “We are talking about 10 fingers and 10 toes and one precious heart. We are here for the right reasons.” The court heard arguments in a legal challenge to a restrictive, Republican-backed Texas abortion law, with a ruling expected by the end of June. It was the latest flashpoint in America’s culture wars. Christina Bennett, a member of the National Black Pro-Life Coalition, shared her story during the anti-abortion rally about how her mother made a last-minute decision not to abort her. “I’m so grateful for my life and I love my life,” Bennett said, defending the Texas law at issue in the case that imposes regulations on abortion doctors and clinic buildings, rules that supporters of the measure state are intended to protect women’s health. Anti-abortion protesters held large posters with photos of aborted fetuses and signs that read, “Protect women, protect life.” One young woman clutched rosary beads in her hands and had red tape over her mouth with the word “life” written on it. Republican U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan addressed the anti-abortion rally, but was barely audible over screams from abortion rights protesters shouting, “Stop the sham!” Abortion rights advocates contend the Texas law is not aimed at protecting women’s health but rather at imposing burdensome regulations that would force abortion clinics to close. Demonstrator Hannah Friedman, a George Washington University student, held up a coat hanger with #WeWontGoBack scribbled across the front, a reference to how unsafe abortions were performed before the Supreme Court legalized abortion nationwide in 1973. “I think it’s really important to speak against the pro-life rhetoric going on behind me, with people using the Bible to defend their own personal beliefs and then inflict those beliefs upon me and my life and my decisions,” Friedman added. “This has been one of the most challenging, difficult and intense years of our lives,” Amy Hagstrom Miller, founder of Whole Woman’s Health, one of the abortion providers that challenged the law, told supporters. “After all, we have nothing to hide and we stand in the light.” ",1
10556,Oregon governor signs tiered minimum wage measure into law,"PORTLAND, Ore. (Reuters) - Earnings for minimum-wage workers in Portland, Oregon will rise by $5.50 an hour over the next six years, with lesser increases set for smaller towns and rural areas under a first-of-its-kind measure signed into law on Wednesday by Oregon’s governor. Oregon has been in the vanguard of a growing number of U.S. states and cities that have moved in recent years to bolster the federal minimum wage, which has remained at $7.25 an hour since 2009. The latest measure builds on a current Oregon wage floor that already stands at $9.25 an hour statewide under a law enacted in 2002. Supporters say such measures are necessary to help low-paid workers who have been slipping into poverty due to stagnant earnings and rising living expenses. Opponents say raising the mandatory wage floor puts an undue strain on businesses still struggling to rebound from a prolonged U.S. economic slump. The bill passed by Oregon’s Democratic-led legislature and signed by Governor Kate Brown, also a Democrat, seeks to strike a balance by setting different pay tiers based on geography. Starting July 1, the minimum wage for Oregon workers statewide will climb by 50 cents an hour, with graduated increases set at higher rates for the state’s biggest city, Portland, as compared to smaller municipalities and rural communities where the cost of living is generally lower. By 2022 under the new statute the hourly minimum wage will rise to $14.75 in Portland, to $13.50 in smaller cities and towns, and to $12.50 in rural areas. “It means just an extra $15 or $20 a month starting in July, but for a mom of three just that small amount makes a big difference,” Brown said in signing the measure. She said the gradual, differentiated pay hikes would ensure that “businesses have time to plan for the increase. That’s the Oregon way.” U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez hailed Oregon’s approach, adjusting the wage floor according to regional economic differences, as a model for other states to follow until Congress passes a higher national minimum wage supported by President Barack Obama. A Democratic-backed proposal to raise the federal minimum to $10.10 stalled on Capitol Hill in 2014. More recent proposals by some lawmakers call for a federal minimum wage of up to $15 an hour. Oregon Republicans who opposed the increase predicted it would cost businesses in the state $1.2 billion. ",1
10557,Appellate judge Kelly considered for Supreme Court: NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is vetting federal appellate Judge Jane Kelly for a possible U.S. Supreme Court nomination to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, the New York Times reported on Wednesday, citing a person with knowledge of the process. The FBI has been conducting background interviews on Kelly, the Times said, citing the unnamed source. Scalia, a long-serving conservative justice, died on Feb. 13. The White House declined to comment on the report. Kelly, a white woman and former public defender, has served on the St. Louis-based 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals since April 2013. She was confirmed to the post by the Senate on a 96-0 vote.  She had been mentioned by legal experts as a potential nominee in part because her earlier nomination to the appeals court was supported by Iowa Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee that would review any Supreme Court nomination. Grassley said at the time that Kelly was “well regarded in my home state of Iowa” and that he was “pleased to support” her nomination.  Kelly, 51, served as a clerk for now-retired Judge David Hansen, a friend of Grassley who served on the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Republican leaders have so far rebuffed President Barack Obama’s appeal to hold confirmation hearings and a vote on a nominee, including in a face-to-face meeting on Tuesday at the White House that failed to budge them from their vow to block anyone he offers for the job. Republicans say the decision on who to nominate should be left to the next president, who takes office next January after the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Republicans hope to win back the White House then. Under the U.S. Constitution, the president nominates Supreme Court justices and the Senate must confirm them. Without Scalia, the court has four conservative and four liberal justices, meaning any potential Obama nominee could tip the court to the left for the first time in decades. Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval, a moderate Republican, took himself out of consideration for appointment to the Supreme Court last week, a day after his name surfaced in connection with the Scalia vacancy. ",1
10558,"Christie slammed on social media, New Jersey press urges resignation","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie took a drubbing on social media for his demeanor in an appearance with Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump at a televised victory speech and news conference on Super Tuesday. Adding to his woes, six New Jersey newspapers called on Christie to resign, partly for endorsing Trump after dropping out of the race to become the Republican Party’s candidate in November’s election. A Christie spokesman, Brian Murray, declined to comment immediately on the editorial, which appeared in newspapers owned by Gannett Co Inc (GCI.N). Christie surprisingly endorsed Trump on Friday, calling the billionaire New York businessman “the best person to beat Hillary Clinton in November.” Some questioned whether Christie’s enthusiasm was genuine following his appearance at Trump’s event in Palm Beach, Florida on Tuesday night. Trump appeared before TV cameras after news media organizations declared him the winner of some of the state-by-state primaries and caucuses and as Super Tuesday results continued rolling in. Christie introduced Trump, then stood behind and just to the right of the brash billionaire. The governor stared blankly ahead, at times looking troubled, as Trump took reporters’ questions. The reaction to Christie’s demeanor was swift and unforgiving on social media. “This is what a man collapsing under the weight of his own shame looks like,” Sean D. Illing (@sean_illing) tweeted on Tuesday. “Did #ChrisChristie look pathetic standing behind #Trump, or what?!?”  Karen Walz (@khwalz) tweeted on Wednesday. News website BuzzFeed on Tuesday evening tweeted a clip of the video footage set to the classic Simon and Garfunkel song “Sounds of Silence,” with the caption “Hello darkness, my old friend,” a lyric from the song. Christie spokesman Murray would not comment on the social media reaction, saying in an email, “I’ll let you know when we opt to slide down into that muck.”    In the editorial calling on Christie to resign, the six newspapers, including the Asbury Park Press, called his endorsement hypocritical. “We’re disgusted with (Christie’s) endorsement of Donald Trump after he spent months on the campaign trail trashing him, calling him unqualified by temperament and experience to be president,” the editorial read. Christie, serving the second of two four-year terms, is not slated to leave office until December 2017.  (Reporting By Amy Tennery in New York; Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus in New York) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10559,Factbox: The race to the U.S. presidential nominations: How delegates are selected ,"(Reuters) - The Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election are decided in a series of state-by-state contests. The key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote, but about securing the number of delegates needed to win the nomination at each party’s convention - July 18-21 in Cleveland for the Republicans and July 25-28 in Philadelphia for the Democrats. The following is a guide to the nominating process: Q: Is the delegate selection process the same for the Republican and Democratic parties? A: No. The parties set their own rules. One thing that is the same is that at each party convention, a candidate needs to reach only a simple majority of the delegate votes to win the nomination. Q: How many delegates are there? A: The Democratic convention will be attended by about 4,763 delegates, with 2,382 delegates needed to win the nomination. The Republican convention will be attended by 2,472 delegates, with 1,237 delegates needed to win. Q: I keep hearing about “superdelegates.” Are they different from other delegates? Do both the Republicans and Democrats have superdelegates? A: Superdelegates, officially known as unpledged delegates, are a sort of wild card in the nominating process, but only the Democrats have them. The category was created for the 1984 Democratic convention, and according to political scientists, they are a legacy of the 1980 convention when there was a fight for the nomination between President Jimmy Carter, who was seeking a second term in the White House, and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. Members of Congress were frustrated by their lack of influence, because delegates elected to support one candidate could not switch to support another. So Democratic members of the House of Representatives led an effort to win a role for themselves. That resulted in the creation of superdelegates. Unlike other delegates, superdelegates may change what candidate they are supporting right up to the convention. There is no fixed number of superdelegates because the group is defined by various categories whose members change from one election cycle to another. Here is who gets to be a superdelegate:  All Democratic members of the House of Representatives and the Senate; the Democratic governors; the Democratic president and vice president of the United States; former Democratic presidents and vice presidents; former Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate; former Democratic speakers of the House and former Democratic minority leaders. Throw in the members of the Democratic National Committee and the former chairs of the DNC and you finally have the whole pool of superdelegates. Q: What about the other delegates? Do they get to choose which candidate to support? A: Both the Democratic and Republican parties send delegates to their conventions based on the popular vote in the primary elections and caucuses held in each of the 50 states. But the parties have different rules on how delegates are allotted to a candidate. The Democratic Party applies uniform rules to all states. In each state, delegates are allocated in proportion to the percentage of the primary or caucus vote in each district. But a candidate must win at least 15 percent of the vote to be allocated any delegates. The Republican Party lets states determine their own rules, although it does dictate some things. Some states award delegates proportionate to the popular vote, although most such states have a minimum percentage that a candidate must reach to win any delegates. Some other states use the winner-take-all method, in which the candidate with the highest percentage of the popular vote is awarded all the delegates. Other states use a combination of the two methods. States that use the proportionate method may instead use the winner-take-all method if one candidate wins more than 50 percent of the popular vote.  In addition, the Republican Party requires that all states with nominating contests held between March 1 and March 14 use the proportional method, meaning that all the states holding votes on Super Tuesday will have to award delegates proportionally.  Q: What happens to delegates if a candidate drops out of the race? A: Another good question, because we have certainly seen that happen this year. For the Democratic Party, in every state, delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. For the Republican Party, it varies by state. In some states, delegates are required to stick with their original candidate at least through the first ballot at the Republican National Convention. In some other states, if a candidate drops out, his or her delegates may immediately pledge to another candidate. There is also a middle ground in which those delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. Graphic on the delegate count: tmsnrt.rs/1QHZulM Graphic on Super Tuesday delegates won: tmsnrt.rs/1RABdg7 Republican National Committee: here here Democratic National Committee: here Battlopedia: here,_2016 Vote for Bernie: here www.realclearpolitics.com here here www.demconvention.com/ ",1
10560,"Biden, Iraq's Abadi discuss military, financial support in call: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Wednesday to discuss military assistance requested by Iraq to fight Islamic State militants, the White House said. Biden also pledged U.S. support for Iraq’s efforts to stabilize its economy, and said the United States would work with G7 nations and others to make sure Iraq has financial resources to fight Islamic State, the White House said in a statement. ",1
10561,Carson tells supporters no 'path forward' in presidential bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said on Wednesday that he does not see a “political path forward” in his 2016 bid for the White House.  Carson, a retired neurosurgeon who has not yet won a state contest of the more than a dozen held so far, said he will not attend Thursday’s Republican debate in Detroit. He has not formally suspended his campaign.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella; editing by Tim Ahmann) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10562,Republican Romney to make 'major speech' on 2016 presidential race: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney will make a “major speech” on the 2016 White House race on Thursday, Fox News reported on Wednesday. Fox News said there was no sign that Romney was set to enter the 2016 race, citing people close to the 2012 White House hopeful.  The speech is scheduled to begin at 11:30 a.m. EST.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10563,U.S. 'very concerned' by media crackdown in Malaysia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday voiced concern about Malaysia’s media crackdown and suggested that the extent of press and Internet freedom in the Asian country could affect prospects for expanded bilateral cooperation. U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby said Washington was “very concerned” by Malaysia’s recent restrictions of access to reporting on its domestic current affairs, including last week’s blocking of access to The Malaysian Insider, a news portal. The Malaysian Insider has published reports on the scandal around 1Malaysia Development Berhad and investigations into $681 million deposited into Prime Minister Najib’s personal accounts. The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission said the news portal had breached laws under the Communications and Multimedia Act, a 1998 law that bars using a website to publish “any comment, request, suggestion or other communication which is obscene, indecent, false, menacing or offensive in character with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass another person.” Najib has denied any wrongdoing over the money transferred into his account, saying that the funds were a political donation and that nothing was taken for his personal gain. The United States is also troubled that the government has failed to provide due process to targeted media groups before blocking access and has begun criminal investigations of  reporters, editors and publishers, Kirby said. “Of equal concern, many Malaysian social media users face charges for postings critical of the government and national leaders,” he added, saying Malaysian officials have spoken about legal amendments “that would further restrict online space.” He said the United States hoped “to expand our cooperation” with Malaysia on shared challenges, adding “in that context, we urge the Government of Malaysia to ensure that all its laws, existing and future, fully respect freedom of expression, including the free flow of ideas on the internet.” ",1
10564,"Cruz gains in online betting, Trump still Republican favorite","(Reuters) - Ted Cruz’s Super Tuesday victories in his home state of Texas and neighboring Oklahoma strengthened his odds for the Republican presidential nomination on online betting sites but he still trails far behind Donald Trump. On PredictIt.com, operated by Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, the predicted chances of the Texas senator winning the nomination for the Nov. 8 election rose to 10 percent as results from Super Tuesday voting continued to be tallied. Cruz has gained 4 percentage points in the past two days and his predicted chances stood at the highest level on the site since he tumbled to a record low after a weak showing in the South Carolina primary on Feb 20. But Trump, who rolled to wins in at least seven states on Super Tuesday, was outdistancing both Cruz and his other top rival, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. PredictIt had Trump’s odds of winning the nomination at 76 percent early on Wednesday, down 4 points from Monday’s record high of 80 percent. Rubio, who scored his first win in a nominating contest on Tuesday with the Minnesota Republican caucuses, dropped 1 point to 10 percent, a record low for him. Betting volumes on both Trump and Cruz hit records for the candidates on Tuesday and Rubio’s volume was his second highest ever. Other online betting venues also gave Trump, a New York billionaire businessman, the strongest odds of winning the nomination. Ireland’s PaddyPower put Trump as a 1-to-7 favorite, with Rubio following at 5-1 and Cruz at 12-1. Ladbrokes PLC said on Wednesday morning that Trump’s odds of securing the nomination were 1-5. Rubio came in a distant second at 9-2, followed by Cruz at 25-1. Message boards associated with PredictIt featured growing discussion of a possible brokered convention, which can occur when no candidate has won a clear majority of delegates before the start of the party’s nominating convention. There has not been a brokered U.S. major-party convention since 1952 when the Democrats nominated Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson on the third ballot. “I am betting against Trump getting the nomination at these odds but only because I think there is a 30 percent chance the GOP elite somehow successfully blocks him at the convention,” said a post from a forum member with the username matthewcooley.  (Reporting by Dan Burns in Washington and Anjali Athavaley in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney and Bill Trott) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10565,Trump a 'monster' spawned by Republicans: Senate Democratic leader,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans have only themselves to blame for Donald Trump, a “monster” spawned by their constant partisan opposition to all major Obama administration initiatives, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said on Wednesday. “Republicans created him (Trump) by spending seven years appealing to some of the darkest forces in America,” said Reid. He spoke on the floor of the U.S. Senate a day after presidential candidate Trump won a string of primary contests and consolidated his status as front-runner to be the Republican  nominee in the November election. Trump’s rise has alarmed many establishment Republicans, who are both critical of his positions and skeptical he can win the White House. Reid, known for occasionally delivering controversial statements on the Senate floor, said Trump was now the Republican standard-bearer, but he could destroy the party. “The reality is that Republican leaders are reaping what they’ve sown,” Reid said, recounting seven years’ worth of staunch Republican opposition to Obama’s initiatives. Republicans had decided from the start of Obama’s presidency in 2009 that he was an “illegitimate” president, said Reid, who is retiring at the end of this year.  Democrat Obama, the first African-American president, is in the final year of his second four-year term. His presidency has been marked by bitter battles with Republicans over fiscal affairs, a landmark law to expand healthcare coverage for the uninsured, immigration, banking reform and policies to tackle climate change. Republicans have controlled the House of Representatives since 2011. And while they took control of the Senate in 2015, they previously used their minority status deftly to challenge Obama. Some Republicans, such as Senator Lindsey Graham, have been outspoken in their opposition to Trump as the prospective party nominee, saying the New York billionaire’ s inflammatory rhetoric will lead to defeat in the general election. Nonetheless, Trump, 69, now looks near unstoppable to be the Republican running against the eventual Democratic presidential candidate - most likely Hillary Clinton. Among Trump’s more controversial proposals have been his call for a wall along the entire southwestern U.S. border to keep out Mexican immigrants. When Congress was attempting to pass a comprehensive immigration bill in 2013 and 2014, many Republican lawmakers put the brakes on the measure, instead calling for tough border enforcement only.  “Now it’s time for Republicans to undo what they’ve done by denouncing Donald Trump,” Reid said. “Trump is the GOP’s Frankenstein monster. If the Republicans fail to stop Donald Trump, he’ll tear the party apart even more than it is now.”   (Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Eric Beech and Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10566,Winning Democrat nomination needs voter coalition: Clinton campaign,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The campaign of Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on Wednesday called support from a broad coalition of voters - including people of color, women and union households - “critical” for anyone hoping to secure the party’s nomination for the November 2016 election and beyond. Robby Mook, Clinton’s campaign manager, noted support for the former secretary of state among African Americans, Latinos and Asian American Pacific Islanders, women and union households in a memo sent out by the campaign.  He also noted that Clinton won white voters in the nominating contests for several states on Super Tuesday, the previous day, in which Clinton won seven states to the four states captured by her rival, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. “It is also important to note that these constituencies are not only critical to winning the Democratic nomination but will also be central to how a Democrat wins in November, and a candidate that starts with a deep base of support will have an advantage in the general election,” Mook wrote.  (Reporting by Luciana Lopez) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10567,Obama to unveil U.S. Supreme Court nomination soon: Senator Reid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is close to submitting to the U.S. Senate a Supreme Court nomination to fill the vacancy left by the Feb. 13 death of Justice Antonin Scalia, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said on Wednesday. Reid, speaking on the Senate floor, said it was the chamber’s “duty” to perform a confirmation process on a nomination, “which we will have in a matter of a week or so.” Reid did not give any hints of who the nominee might be. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reiterated that the Senate will ignore any Supreme Court nomination from Obama and will instead await a choice from whoever replaces Obama as president next January. ",1
10568,Mexico to counter negative tone of U.S. presidential race,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico’s government is planning a diplomatic push to counter aggressive rhetoric against its nationals in the U.S. election race, a senior official said on Tuesday, after calls by Donald Trump for a massive wall to divide the two nations. Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have also proposed building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, but it is Trump who has taken the hardest line against the United States’ southern neighbor. The Republican front-runner has labeled Mexican migrants as drug runners and rapists, proposed mass deportations of undocumented immigrants and said Mexico is “killing” the United States with cheap labor. Francisco Guzman, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto’s chief of staff, on Tuesday said it was time for the government to push back against these negative images. Mexico plans to use its extensive network of U.S. consulates to highlight the benefits of U.S.-Mexican relations to the U.S. economy and the American people, Guzman said.   The initiative will include forums with U.S. business people, politicians and public figures to get Mexico’s opinions heard. “Mexico’s positioning in the U.S. election debate is not generally adequate,” Guzman told a group of foreign correspondents. “It doesn’t reflect the constructive relationship between Mexico and the U.S.” Trump rolled up a series of primary wins on Tuesday and looked set to take command of the Republican nomination battle.   The Mexican government has up till now avoided a direct confrontation with the billionaire real estate developer, though the country’s top diplomat has called his policies and comments “ignorant and racist.” Former Mexican presidents Vicente Fox and Felipe Calderon have publicly condemned Trump, both comparing him to Adolf Hitler.  “We’re not going to involve ourselves in the (U.S. presidential) debate. We don’t want to polarize, but we do want to have a positive institutional relationship as we’ve had in the past,” Guzman said. “The U.S.-Mexico relationship requires more bridges and fewer walls. The isolationist solution is not a solution at all,” he added.  The United States is Mexico’s top trade partner, the destination for about 80 percent of its exports, in addition to sharing many cultural and family links. To promote stronger ties, Mexico’s government plans to meet with the final contenders for the White House once the two major parties have selected their candidates, Guzman said. “Any candidate, above all if he wants to project himself forward, has to, in my opinion, see the relationship with Mexico not as a threat but as an opportunity,” he said.  (Writing by David Alire Garcia; Editing by Simon Gardner and Andrew Hay) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10569,Reeling Republican establishment running out of time to stop Trump,"MIAMI (Reuters) - When Senator Ted Cruz took the stage on Tuesday after winning the Republican nominating contest in his home state of Texas, he issued a call for the party to rally behind his presidential candidacy. That seems a long shot. Republican Party leaders came away from Super Tuesday - the 2016 presidential campaign’s biggest day of state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election - without any clearer consensus about how to slow front-runner Donald Trump’s march to the nomination. They fear Trump’s divisive rhetoric - which includes calls to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, deport 11 million illegal immigrants and temporarily bar Muslims from entering the country - will tarnish the party’s image and ensure Democrats hold on to the White House and possibly retake the Senate. The billionaire businessman won the largest number of Super Tuesday contests, taking seven states, but fell short of the 10 states some polls had predicted. Cruz won two, and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida notched his first win, in Minnesota. That made Cruz and Rubio unlikely to withdraw from the race before the next big nominating contest in two weeks. The same goes for Ohio Governor John Kasich, who has said he will continue his candidacy through his state’s primary on March 15. “So long as the field remains divided, Donald Trump’s path to the nomination remains more likely, and that would be a disaster for Republicans, for conservatives and for the nation,” Cruz said. Trump’s failure to win a clean sweep of the primary contests on Tuesday buys the establishment wing of the party time to intensify its counterattacks against the New York real estate mogul and political outsider. While they have yet to coalesce around a single strategy, anti-Trump Republicans have begun taking action.   Club for Growth, a conservative advocacy group, claimed credit for slowing Trump in some primary states by running attack ads. “Donald Trump can be stopped,” said the group’s president, David McIntosh, in a statement. “And he must be, before he costs conservatives the White House, the Senate, and the Supreme Court.” The New York Times reported that several financial backers of the Republican Party organized a phone call on Tuesday to get funding for an anti-Trump effort. Helping lead the call were the hedge-fund manager Paul Singer, Chicago Cubs co-owner Todd Ricketts, and Meg Whitman, the Hewlett-Packard Enterprise chief executive. The newspaper said it was unclear what kind of political offensive might emerge from those discussions. A recently launched political action committee dedicated to blasting Trump, Our Principles PAC, said it was ramping up fundraising and planned daily attacks against Trump before upcoming primaries in March. It said the campaign would focus on Trump’s business record and include a video where he declined in an interview to disavow former Ku Klux Klan official David Duke. Trump, who later rejected Duke’s support, said he had not clearly heard the interviewer’s question. On Capitol Hill, Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who will preside over the party’s nominating convention in July, made clear he disapproved of Trump’s rhetoric in comments that suggested he was not ready to welcome Trump into the establishment fold. “If a person wants to be the nominee of the Republican Party, there must be no evasion and no games. They must reject any group or cause that is built on bigotry,” Ryan, the party’s 2012 vice presidential nominee, told reporters. Trump ratcheted up the tension during a news conference in Palm Beach, Florida, on Tuesday night, warning Ryan he would pay “a big price” if he stood in Trump’s way.  Despite the establishment’s distaste for Trump, there appears to be no consensus on the best way to stop him. “As long as both Cruz, Rubio and Kasich remain in the race, then Trump will continue to prevail in upcoming primary states and he will vacuum up the delegates while the vote splits among the remaining candidates,” said Ron Bonjean, a Republican operative in Washington. Rubio and Kasich have set their sights on delegate-rich contests in the heavily populated states of Michigan, Florida, Ohio and Illinois later this month. More than 1,200 delegates are required by the party to secure its nomination.  The goal for the remaining campaigns will be to keep Trump from amassing those delegates for as long as possible, with the hope that an increasing tide of criticism from the candidates, party leaders and political action committees will drain his support.  But Bonjean said the party would have to find a way to thwart Trump before he walked away with the nomination. “The odds of stopping Trump are getting much lower with every state put away into his corner,” he said.   (Editing by Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10570,How the Republican elite turned a blind eye to the rise and rise of Donald Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One evening last June, some of the Republican Party’s wealthiest donors gathered for a cocktail party at an exclusive resort in Deer Valley, Utah, during a three-day retreat hosted by former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.      They had just heard from six presidential hopefuls. Tom Duncan, the CEO of tool-maker Positec Tool Corp, chatted with a few attendees about a fantasy ticket to secure the White House in November 2016: Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, with Senator Marco Rubio of Florida as his running mate. Duncan, for his part, liked Ohio Governor John Kasich, but also had his eye on former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina. No one mentioned Donald Trump, even though he had been signaling for months that he planned to run. Four days later, the New York property magnate declared his candidacy and within weeks had shot to the top of the polls, eclipsing all of his Republican rivals. The story of Trump’s rise has played out day after day on television and on social media, but the conversations behind closed doors among members of the Republican elite during this period have been less well documented. Many of the conversations had one thing in common: a stubborn refusal to take Trump seriously, even as fans packed sports stadiums to see him in the summer months, as he dominated media coverage of the election, and as polls showed him winning wide support among young and old, men and women.   Scenes like the one at Deer Valley would be repeated in rarified enclaves of the party elite around the country again and again in the coming months. Many in the Republican establishment believed he would eventually self-destruct or that Americans would lose patience with his bombast, his free-wheeling insults and lack of firm policies to back up his promises to “Make America Great Again.” They were wrong. Trump won a majority of the states holding nominating contests on Super Tuesday, accelerating his march to the Republican nomination.  Republican donors, strategists and campaign operatives interviewed by Reuters admitted they had misjudged the mood of voters who have thrown their support behind Trump after he promised to build a wall on the Mexican border, temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States and block Syrian refugees because they might be militants.  Trump’s spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, declined to comment for this story. Trump’s rise seemed to take place entirely outside the structures of the normal nomination process within the Republican party. For example, many attending the Conservative Political Action Conference, a gathering of grassroots activists, in February 2015, were excited by presidential hopefuls Wisconsin governor Walker and Texas Senator Ted Cruz. The annual convention is a must-stop for any Republican White House contender. In his speech, Trump tried out a now familiar pledge: build a giant southern wall to stop illegal immigrants, a vow that would later ignite his insurgent campaign and propel him well ahead of the main pack of Republican presidential hopefuls.  “His speech was well-received, but he didn’t do that well in the straw poll,” said Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, which organizes CPAC each year. Kentucky Senator Rand Paul won the poll. CPAC’s attendees were mostly conservative political activists already engaged in the electoral process. The fans who would drive Trump’s success were not. The candidates favored at CPAC have languished. Walker left the race just two months after officially entering it. Paul dropped out after the first nominating contest in February. Cruz has won just three of more than a dozen contests so far. Early in his run, Trump was a source of puzzlement for rich Republicans, such as those who gathered one Sunday in early August in the Hamptons, New York’s gilded summer retreat destination, to discuss the 2016 race. They met for lunch at a billionaire hedge fund manager’s estate near a body of water nicknamed “Goldman pond” for the concentration of financiers’ houses around it. Among the guests were former defense department officials, the chief executive of a big real estate firm, a prominent private equity partner and conservative academics, according to one of the guests, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The source, like many other guests, backed former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.  “A variety of subjects were discussed, but chief among them, I would say, was the concern and consternation over the candidacy of Donald Trump,” the source said. At the time, Trump’s rating in national polls was twice his closet rival’s, according to Reuters/Ipsos data.  The attendees discussed Trump’s rise and observed he had struck a chord with many Americans, the source said. They fretted over whether his presence would force other candidates to go negative. They hoped he wouldn’t hijack the first Republican presidential debate, then less than a week away. But they decided, however it had begun, Trump’s reign atop the polls wouldn’t last. “I think it’s literally just a matter of time before his NASCAR careens into the wall – and hopefully not into the other drivers,” the source said in an interview on Aug. 6. Trump has not crashed. And on Monday, the CEO of NASCAR, Brian France, endorsed him. Right to Rise, the outside spending group backing Bush, built up a massive war chest of more than $100 million to attack opponents who could thwart his bid for the nomination. Trump was not identified as a potential threat, not in the summer, nor in the fall of 2015, even as he eclipsed Bush, according to multiple interviews during that period with a member of the group’s leadership team. “I don’t think he’s hurting us,” the official, who did not want to be identified, said in an interview last fall. Trump would be a footnote in the race by January or February 2016, he predicted.  Bush bowed out on Feb. 21 after months of struggles were capped by a poor showing in the South Carolina primary. Duncan, the Positec CEO, said conversations he had with representatives from three campaigns as recently as November and December barely touched on Trump.  “There was so much time left,” he said. “I honestly thought that he would implode.”  Now there is little time left, and the party’s establishment can only look back at early warning signs they missed. One came in January 2015 at the Iowa Freedom Summit, a Republican “cattle call” for White House hopefuls that marked the unofficial start of the 2016 presidential race. Attendance spiked after organizers added Trump to the agenda.  “When we announced Donald Trump, the event took on a life of its own,” said David Bossie, the president of the conservative advocacy group Citizens United and the conference’s organizer. “I don’t believe it’s possible, if you were not in a coma, for anyone in the establishment, or the media, or on planet Earth, to have missed Donald Trump’s ascendancy to be the leading Republican for the nomination.”  (Additional reporting by Steve Holland and Jim Oliphant, editing by Caren Bohan and Ross Colvin) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10571,"Factbox: Build a giant wall, cut Education Department. What a President Trump would do","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who scored a major victory in a series of Super Tuesday nominating contests, has been criticized by some in his party for being vague on policy specifics and heavy on rhetoric. Here is a closer look at what Trump has said he would do on trade, taxes, the economy, immigration, healthcare and defense should he become the nominee and win the Nov. 8 election. The policies are drawn from a review of his website, stump speeches, debates and town halls, and televised interviews. Trump has complained that China, Japan, Mexico, Vietnam and India are “ripping us off” by devaluing their currencies and keeping out some U.S. exports. He would not sign the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade pact and would renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada. He would designate China a currency manipulator and impose countervailing duties on its exports. He also wants to pursue a World Trade Organization case on Chinese government programs that subsidize exporters. Trump has said he would put activist investor Carl Icahn in charge of negotiating a better trade relationship with China. Icahn has said he is happy to advise Trump, but would not seek a formal position if Trump were elected. Trump has said he would slap 35 percent tariffs on air conditioners made by United Technologies Corp’s Carrier in Mexico after the company decided to move production there from Indiana, and on Ford Motor Corp vehicles made in Mexico that are sold in the United States. Trump has pledged to cut and simplify taxes. Individuals making less than $25,000 per year and married filers earning less than $50,000 would not pay income tax. There would be three other brackets, down from seven currently, with a top marginal income tax rate of 25 percent, and a top rate for long-term capital gains and dividends of 20 percent. Charitable giving and mortgage interest deductions would remain unchanged. Other deductions would be trimmed in the highest tax brackets. He would eliminate the alternative minimum tax, the estate tax, and the carried interest tax break that allows investment fund managers to treat income as capital gains. The corporate tax rate would be cut to 15 percent, down from the current level of 35 percent. He would phase in a “reasonable cap” on deductions for business interest expenses and would cut other corporate loopholes. Trump would impose a one-time 10 percent “deemed repatriation” tax on deferred corporate overseas profits and would end deferral of income from foreign subsidiaries. The Tax Foundation, an independent policy research group, has said Trump’s plan would cost more than $10 trillion over the next decade. His campaign has said the plan is fully paid for. Trump has pledged to get rid of the $19 trillion deficit by boosting jobs, and cutting government waste, but he has not released a formal policy paper on how he would do this. He has said he would not cut the Medicare and Medicaid health care programs for senior citizens and low income Americans, nor Social Security retirement benefits. He would cut the Education Department and the Environmental Protection Agency. Trump has promised to build a high wall at the southern border to keep out illegal immigrants that he has said would cost $10 billion to $12 billion. Mexico would pay for the wall or face consequences, his campaign said. Trump would “impound” remittance payments to Mexico from undocumented workers, and increase visa and border crossing fees for Mexican workers. Applying tariffs on Mexican goods and cutting foreign aid are also “options,” his campaign has said on his website. He would deport the 11 million undocumented people living in America and end “birthright citizenship” for children born in the United States to illegal immigrants. He has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and would not allow refugees from Syria. Trump would triple the number of border agents and require all businesses to use the E-Verify database to ensure employees are in the country legally. He would withhold federal funding from “sanctuary cities” that decline to help the federal government deport illegal immigrants. Trump’s campaign has also said he would “pause” new green cards and require employers to hire American workers first. Trump has said he would repeal the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, and replace it with a system of health savings accounts. He would still require insurers to provide coverage to people with preexisting medical conditions, a key feature of Obamacare. He would move to allow insurance companies to sell plans across state lines to spur competition. Trump has said he could save the government $300 billion by negotiating better prices with drug companies. Trump has promised to “knock out” Islamic State quickly and said he is open to working with Russia to do so. He has said he would “bomb the oil” that helps finance the insurgent group and stop the “back channels of banking” used by the group. He has vowed to bring back the use of waterboarding, an interrogation technique that simulates drowning and has been banned as torture under U.S. law. He said he also supports other, unspecified techniques “a hell of a lot worse” than waterboarding. He would “take out” the family members of Islamic State militants and would like to shut down “areas” of the Internet to try to stop the group from recruiting members. He wants to build a “safe zone” for Syrian refugees in Syria. But Gulf states would have to pay for it. He has said the United States should first deal with Islamic State before addressing President Bashar al-Assad’s future, saying “We have to do one thing at a time.” He has questioned whether the United States should back opposition groups in Syria, saying “we have no idea who they are.” Trump has said he would increase the size and power of the U.S. military to make it “so strong, so powerful that nobody’s going to mess with us.” He says too much money is wasted buying equipment the military does not want. He wants Japan, Germany, South Korea and Saudi Arabia to bear more of the cost of military aid provided by the United States. “We can no longer defend all of these countries,” he said, citing the deficit. Trump would boost the U.S. military presence in the East and South China seas to “discourage Chinese adventurism,” according to his website. ",1
10572,"Gaining momentum on Super Tuesday, Clinton takes aim at Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Gathering speed toward winning the Democratic presidential nomination, Hillary Clinton did not wait long after a streak of wins on Super Tuesday to gird for battle with Republican front-runner Donald Trump. The former first lady won 7 of 11 states up for grabs on Tuesday, sweeping the South and creating more distance between her and rival Bernie Sanders in the race to represent the Democratic Party at the Nov. 8 election for the White House. The wins, which include the heavily populated state of Texas, mean she can turn an eye toward billionaire reality TV star Trump, who also won heavily on Tuesday.  In another good sign for Clinton, her fundraisers say donors are eager to fund her campaign into the general election. “Hillary will be the nominee, and now she needs to start focusing on taking on Trump,” said Dane Strother, an unaligned Washington DC-based Democratic strategist.  On Tuesday night, Clinton took aim at Trump’s reputation for spewing insults at his opponents, and repeated an attack on the real estate mogul’s proposal to build a 1,000-mile wall along the border with Mexico. “The stakes in this election have never been higher and the rhetoric we’re hearing on the other side has never been lower,” she said during a rally in Miami after she won in several states.  “Trying to divide America between us and them is wrong.”     Clinton’s wins give her 527 delegates to the Democratic nominating convention, to Sanders’ 325, according to a New York Times delegate count early on Wednesday. A Democratic candidate needs 2,383 delegates to win. Jim Manley, a Washington-based Democratic strategist who supports Clinton, said her move to swiftly target Trump was necessary but potentially dangerous for her. “She has to start looking toward the general election, but it’s not without its risks,” he said. He said Trump would strike back: “He’ll go right in the gutter.” Trump has frequently criticized Clinton’s handling of crises like Iraq and Syria during her four years as secretary of state, and suggested he will dredge up old scandals involving former President Bill Clinton.          Some Clinton fundraisers said the campaign is noticing renewed interest among donors to support her beyond primary season. Her campaign, they add, appears more open to accepting that cash, an indication they believe she will win the nomination. “I think they are taking a shift towards the general (election),” said Tom Sacks-Wilner, a member of Clinton’s national finance committee. “The finance department’s not objecting to it at this point,” he said. Campaign donors are allowed to give $2,700 to an individual candidate for the primary phase of an election, and another $2,700 for the general phase, for a grand total of $5,400. Another Clinton fundraiser, in Los Angeles, said that he has had more donors in his area ask him about giving money for the fight beyond California, and he added that the recent victories also make it easier to bring in campaign volunteers. The upbeat attitude marks a shift from three weeks ago, when Clinton’s campaign was bruised by Sanders’ resounding win in New Hampshire, and a close second place finish in Iowa, where he carried a large proportion of the youth vote. The shift became more pronounced last week after Clinton’s victory in South Carolina, where she enjoyed broad support among African-American voters - a bloc Sanders has struggled to draw with his democratic socialist platform. Nationally, support for Clinton has increased since just before the Feb. 27 South Carolina primary. Nearly 53 percent of Democrats said they’d vote for Clinton, compared with 43 percent for the U.S. Senator from Vermont,  according to the Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll from Feb. 26 to March 1. They were in a dead heat earlier in the month. Sanders has also worked to position himself as a general election candidate against Trump. His campaign sent out a statement on Tuesday touting his $42.7 million fundraising haul in February.  “Donald Trump is going to have plenty of money to compete in November,” said Jeff Weaver, Sanders’ campaign manager. “It’s important that our nominee be able to raise the hundreds of millions of dollars necessary to defeat the Republicans in November.”     One group tied to the Democratic Party’s progressive wing said it would be wrong to write off Sanders regardless of Tuesday’s results - in part because he polls better in whiter northern states that come later in the election cycle. “Washington’s professional pundits were wrong when they claimed the fight for the Democratic nomination was over before Bernie Sanders got into the race, they’re wrong if they claim this fight is over now,” Charles Chamberlain, Democracy for America’s executive director, said in a statement.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Alistair Bell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10573,NY court allows fraud claim against Trump University to proceed,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump suffered a legal setback on Tuesday when a New York state court allowed a multimillion-dollar fraud claim against Trump University, filed by the state’s attorney general, to proceed. The claim is part of a lawsuit that accuses Trump and the now-defunct for-profit venture of misleading thousands of people, who paid up to $35,000 to learn the billionaire businessman’s real estate investment strategies. Trump University, which Trump chaired, has become a target for his rivals for the Republican presidential nomination, particularly Marco Rubio. Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s lawsuit, filed in 2013, seeks $40 million in restitution plus penalties and other costs, his office said. The ruling by a four-judge panel of a mid-level appeals court in Manhattan brings the case closer to a potential trial. It could make it easier for the Trump venture ultimately to be held liable, because the claim does not require proof that there was intent to defraud.  The judges also extended the statute of limitations for the claim back to 2007 instead of 2010, as Trump’s attorneys want.  The program stopped taking students in 2010. “Today’s decision is a clear victory in our effort to hold Donald Trump and Trump University accountable for defrauding thousands of students,” Schneiderman said in a statement. The Trump Organization’s general counsel, Alan Garten, said he would seek to appeal the ruling, and called the case “politically motivated.” Schneiderman is a Democrat. “We think all these claims are without merit and baseless,” Garten said. “Ninety-eight percent of those who participated in the programs filled out written surveys giving the programs the highest grades.” Class actions are pending in California on similar claims by former Trump University students. Rubio, who hammered Trump over Trump University at last week’s Republican presidential debate, on Tuesday pointed to the New York court’s decision at a rally in Minneapolis. The U.S. senator from Florida said prospective Trump University students increased the borrowing limit on their credit cards in order to pay for the course.  “Some graduated, some didn’t, but in the end the only thing you got was a piece of paper that was worthless and a picture with a cardboard cutout of Donald Trump,” he said. “That’s a fraud case and it is outrageous,” Rubio said. “... What he did to those people is what he is doing to Americans now.”  At the debate, Trump told Rubio he had won most of the lawsuits involving Trump University. The appeals court’s decision revived a second claim for fraud. A lower-court judge had allowed Schneiderman to proceed only on a type of fraud known as common-law fraud, which would have been more difficult to prove. The lower-court judge in Manhattan has already determined that Trump and his university are liable for operating illegally in New York state as an unlicensed educational institution. New York notified Trump in 2005 that he was violating state education law by using the word “University” when it was not actually chartered as one. In 2010, Trump University changed its name to Trump Entrepreneur Initiative and later that year notified the state Department of Education that it had ceased operations.  (Reporting By Karen Freifeld; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Alexia Garamfalvi) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10574,South Dakota governor vetoes transgender bathroom bill,"(Reuters) - South Dakota Republican Governor Dennis Daugaard on Tuesday vetoed a bill that would have made his the first U.S. state to dictate what bathrooms transgender students are allowed to use in public schools.  The bill now returns to the legislature, where a two-thirds vote in both chambers would be required for it to pass. The state house approved the bill beyond that threshold in January, but the state Senate did not when it approved in February.   The proposed law would require transgender pupils to use restrooms and locker rooms in public schools that correspond to their gender at birth and not the gender that fits their current identity.  “This bill broadly regulates in a manner that invites conflict and litigation, diverting energy and resources from the education of the children of this state,” Daugaard said in a statement.  The bill would require schools to provide “reasonable” accommodations for transgender students. Those accommodations include a single-occupancy restroom, a unisex restroom, or the controlled use of a restroom, locker room or shower room. “His decision shows that discrimination against transgender students is not welcome in South Dakota,” said Matt McTighe, executive director of Freedom for All Americans, an organization that supports LBGT issues. Civil rights groups have said the law would expose schools to legal challenges over access to restrooms and say it violates Title IX, a federal rule regarding discrimination in public schools. In December, a suburban Chicago school district reached an accord with the U.S. government over locker room access for a transgender student after the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights found the district discriminated against the student in violation of Title IX.  Daugaard’s veto comes about a month after a U.S. appeals court heard arguments over whether a high school in Virginia should be ordered to allow a transgender male student to use the boys’ bathroom. Last week, local lawmakers in Charlotte, North Carolina, voted to allow transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their gender identity. State House of Representatives Speaker Tim Moore, a Republican, said he would consider legislation to block the measure. ",1
10575,"Republican leaders condemn bigotry, but won't talk about Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress condemned white supremacist groups on Tuesday after their party’s front-runner in the presidential contest, Donald Trump, failed to disavow support for an ex-Ku Klux Klan leader, but the leaders declined further comment on Trump’s controversial White House bid. The comments from the two top Republicans in the U.S. Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, came as many of the party’s lawmakers struggle to come to terms with the growing possibility that Trump will be their nominee. Trump’s policies are often at odds with those of conservatives, and his comments on the campaign trail have often been both incendiary and crude. He has racked up victories in three of the four states that have already held their nominating contests. The comments from Ryan and McConnell coincided with “Super Tuesday,” the biggest voting day in the race to pick the 2016 presidential nominees for the November election. Ryan said any Republican nominee must reject any group “built on bigotry” while McConnell said Senate Republicans condemned groups such as the Klan and “everything they stand for.” The Klan, whose roots reach back to the Civil War, is known for its segregationist, racist views. In an interview with CNN on Sunday, Trump did not immediately repudiate support from David Duke, a former Klan leader who is also a former Louisiana state representative. Trump later said he had not heard the questions well because of a bad earpiece. Both Ryan and McConnell said they did not want to weigh in further on the presidential race, something they have declined to do for months. Ryan, a former vice presidential candidate who will chair the Republicans’ national convention in July, reiterated on Tuesday he would support whomever is his party’s nominee. A number of Southern states are among the 11 states holding Republican nominating contests on Tuesday, including Virginia, and opinion polls show Trump is likely to consolidate his status as the favorite to win the nomination. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid scoffed at Ryan’s remark a few hours later. Reid said Republicans were afraid to withdraw their support publicly because the Trump “millions” might turn on them. “Republicans say they’ll support a man who refuses to denounce the Ku Klux Klan. So until they withdraw their support, talk is really cheap,” Reid said. McConnell sidestepped a question on whether it was true, as reported over the weekend by The New York Times, that he had told fellow Republicans in private that they could drop Trump “like a hot rock” if he becomes the party’s presidential nominee. McConnell said he did not recall saying anything like that to reporters. In recent days other lawmakers on Capitol Hill have become more outspoken on Trump. A handful of lawmakers have endorsed him, including Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a conservative. On Sunday evening, Senator Ben Sasse, a conservative Republican from Nebraska, announced on Facebook that he could not support Trump because his “relentless focus is on dividing Americans and on tearing down rather than building back up this glorious nation. “If Donald Trump ends up as the GOP nominee, conservatives will need to find a third option,” Sasse wrote. But in the halls of Congress on Tuesday, there appeared to be few lawmakers prepared to distance themselves from Trump who had not done so already. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who gave up his own presidential quest in December, said, “The party’s been burned and the country’s going to get burned” by Trump. To avoid this, he said, the party should consolidate around an opponent to Trump instead of diffusing the opposition among so many candidates. Trump is now one of five remaining Republican contenders. The others are Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, Ohio Governor John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican who had endorsed Jeb Bush before he dropped out, said lawmakers have not shied away from criticizing Trump. “That has happened continually. Many of us did it when he made comments about John McCain many months ago,” she said, referring to how Trump had mocked the military record of McCain, a Republican senator from Arizona. As a Navy pilot, McCain was shot down over Vietnam. Trump said he liked people who weren’t captured. ",1
10576,Now or never: Trump's 'wall' talk sparks migrant rush on U.S.-Mexico border,"CIUDAD JUAREZ/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Gang violence and poverty have for years pushed Mexicans and Central Americans north to the United States, but recently a new driver has emerged: the anti-immigrant tone of leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. From the slums of Central America to close-knit migrant communities in U.S. cities, Trump’s rise to the front of the Republican pack has not gone unnoticed and is partly behind a spike in the numbers of migrants trying to enter the country, including children traveling without guardians. Interviews with migrants, people smugglers and officials show many migrants are trying to cross now instead of facing tighter policing and new policies to halt illegal immigration if Trump or another Republican wins the Nov. 8 election. “If Trump wins, we’re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed,” Isaias Franco, a 46-year-old from El Salvador who was deported from the United States late last year and is now trying to get back, said at a migrant shelter in Ciudad Juarez, just across the border from El Paso, Texas. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) data shows 150,304 migrants were detained trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border between October and February, up 24 percent from the same period last year.  Similar data for “unaccompanied” child migrants - those traveling without a guardian - is not yet available, but between October and January, 20,455 kids were apprehended on the southwest border, up over 100 percent from a year ago.  (For a graphic, click on tmsnrt.rs/1TM7iDF) The numbers of migrants typically rise as summer approaches. Like other migrants, Franco is aware of the U.S. presidential race and Trump’s vow, matched by fellow Republican candidate Ted Cruz, to deport all the illegal immigrants in the United States, estimated at more than 11 million. “You watch the news ... There’s a lot of fear among Latinos,” Franco said, adding that a Republican victory would spell the end for proposed reforms to give many immigrants greater legal security. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, said migrants understand his policies. “It seems they agree Mr. Trump will be tough, build the wall and stop illegal immigration.”  Blanca Rivera, who manages the Ciudad Juarez migrant shelter, said she had noticed a recent surge in the numbers of migrants and also blamed the inflammatory rhetoric.  “They think they need to take advantage while they can.” Trump has built a strong lead in the race for the Republican nomination in part by taking a tough stance on immigration.  He says Mexico is “killing” the United States with cheap labor and has sent “criminals” and “rapists” across the border. He is also promising to build a huge border wall and proposed a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country. Although Trump has been the most outspoken candidate, his main rivals also say the government must stop the flow of illegal migrants into the country, mainly from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras. Trump, Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio all say they would overturn President Barack Obama’s executive orders that shield some illegal immigrants from deportation.  In 2014, tens of thousands of child migrants traveling without family members overwhelmed the southern U.S. border, sparking a political crisis. The flow then fell in most of 2015 but has surged again in recent months. Brenda Barrios, a 30-year-old Guatemalan based in Silver Spring, Maryland, crossed illegally into the United States in 2003 with her parents and two sisters.  Her parents were later deported back to Guatemala, and they think it is too dangerous to return but Brenda is encouraging them to come before the end of the year in case Trump wins.  “He’s one of the reasons why people are crossing the border. They think he looks like a dictator,” she said. “It’s very dangerous for them to cross. But it will be worse if Trump is president ... Life will be very difficult for us. He doesn’t want us here.” Still, Barrios and other migrants interviewed said the United States, even under an administration seeking to halt illegal immigration, would still be better than the poverty and violence of their home countries. Since 2014, the murder rate in El Salvador has risen dramatically amid an escalation of gang violence and a regional drought has forced thousands of people, particularly from Guatemala, to head north.  But there are also signs that human smugglers, or “coyotes”, are taking advantage of the anti-immigrant rhetoric and peddling the idea that now is the time to go.  Victoria Cordova and her 11-year-old daughter Genesis were deported back to Honduras in 2014, after hiking through Mexico and being detained trying to cross into Texas.  She said coyotes in the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa - who charge about $7,000 per person - have been telling people now is the time to leave. “Lots of the women here were talking about it, and asked me if I was going to go,” she said. “People here were saying that in June of this year they were going to give new entry permits.” Ruben Garcia, the director of the Annunciation House migrant shelter in El Paso said the next U.S. president, whoever it is, will face the same challenge of migration flows. “Things in Central America are terrible,” he said. “People are going to continue to flee because it’s just really hard for people to survive right now.”  (Additional reporting by Nelson Renteria in San Salvador and Anna Yukhananov in Mexico City; Editing by Kieran Murray) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10577,"No breakthrough in Supreme Court dispute between Obama, Republicans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders of the Senate on Tuesday rebuffed President Barack Obama’s appeal for hearings and a vote on his U.S. Supreme Court nominee during a face-to-face meeting that failed to budge them from their vow to block any nominee he offers. Obama, planning to name a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia in the coming weeks, huddled with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley in the White House Oval Office for less than an hour. “Senator Grassley and I made it clear that we don’t intend to take up a nominee or to have a hearing,” McConnell told reporters after the meeting. The meeting failed to produce any progress on how to proceed with finding a replacement for Scalia, a long-serving conservative justice who died on Feb. 13. McConnell and Grassley are insistent that Obama not pick a nominee and leave the decision to his successor, who takes office next January after the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. Obama is insistent that it is the Republican-led Senate’s constitutional duty to act on his nominee. “They made clear in their meeting with the president that they’re not going to change their mind just because the president says so,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said of the Republicans. Earnest said Obama still believes it was worthwhile to consult with the lawmakers before making his nomination. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said Obama stated during the meeting he would be willing to consider candidates for the Supreme Court proposed by the Republicans, but McConnell and Grassley offered no names. “We killed a lot of time talking about basketball and other stuff,” said Reid, who attended along with the Judiciary Committee’s top Democrat, Patrick Leahy. Under the Constitution, the president nominates Supreme Court justices and the Senate must confirm them. Without Scalia, the court has four conservative and four liberal justices, meaning any potential Obama nominee could tip the court to the left for the first time in decades. McConnell and Grassley have said allowing the next president to pick the new justice would let voters have a say in the selection when they elect a new president. “Whether everybody in the meeting today wanted to admit it, we all know that considering a nomination in the middle of a heated presidential campaign is bad for the nominee, bad for the court, bad for the process and ultimately bad for the nation,” Grassley said in a statement. ",1
10578,Illinois judge dismisses Cruz eligibility complaint,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - An Illinois voter’s lawsuit challenging Ted Cruz’s eligibility to run for president of the United States because he was born in Canada was dismissed on a technicality on Tuesday by a state judge. Cook County Circuit Court Judge Maureen Ward Kirby in Chicago ruled that she did not have jurisdiction in the lawsuit - which had sought to have Cruz removed from the state’s primary election ballot - because it had not been properly served on the state Board of Elections. She found that the plaintiff, Lawrence Joyce, had not properly filed his petition for judicial review. Joyce, a lawyer and a pharmacist from the Chicago suburb of Poplar Grove who supports Cruz rival Ben Carson, initially filed a complaint in January with the elections board. When the board rejected the complaint, he filed the lawsuit seeking judicial review in Cook County.  Kirby’s ruling came as voters in 12 other states were taking part in the Super Tuesday Republican and Democratic nominating contests, a milestone in the selection of candidates for the Nov. 8 election. Illinois’ primary is on March 15, but early voting has already begun. Republican front-runner Donald Trump has repeatedly questioned Cruz’s eligibility because of his Canadian birth. Joyce’s lawsuit argued that Cruz cannot run for president under the U.S. Constitution because the U.S. senator from Texas is not a “natural-born” citizen. Cruz gained citizenship at birth because his mother was an American citizen, but Joyce contends that was a form of naturalization. Cruz’s father is from Cuba. Cruz, himself an attorney, has maintained he is a natural-born American due to his mother’s citizenship.  Kirby ruled that Joyce should have served the complaint directly to Cruz and the election board members, not to their lawyers, citing requirements in the Illinois election code. “I recognize that election decisions are of great importance to the public,” the judge said. “But it’s a matter of strict compliance.” She said she could not look at the issues presented in the case because it was not properly before her. Joyce said he has not yet decided whether he will appeal the ruling. He said it depended on whether Trump, as expected, dominates in the Super Tuesday contests and becomes the most likely Republican nominee. “My main concern all along has been keeping Senator Cruz from being the nominee of the party. Depending on what happens today on Super Tuesday, that whole point might become a moot point,” Joyce told reporters. Joyce said he did not want Cruz to win the nomination because he believes Democrats would then seek to have the Texan disqualified because he was born abroad. An attorney who represented Cruz in court, Sharee Langenstein, called the lawsuit “a misguided attempt to distract the voters away from the most qualified candidate we have for president, and that’s Senator Ted Cruz.”  “There’s no issue here,” she said. “It’s very clear that Senator Cruz is a natural-born citizen.” Voters in New York, Alabama, Pennsylvania and Texas have also filed legal challenges to Cruz’s eligibility. Some legal experts do not expect any court to invalidate a presidential candidate on the issue.  (Reporting by Fiona Ortiz; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Mary Wisniewski) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10579,Wall Street's big short: President Donald J. Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Add the juggernaut that is Donald J. Trump to the list of what-ifs that is worrying Wall Street. A growing realization that the unpredictable New York real estate developer is in a position to win the Republican nomination and then battle Hillary Clinton for the White House in November’s election has caused some investors to sell U.S. stocks. They fear having such a wild-card president could trigger trade wars, hurt the economy and add a lot of market volatility. “As the market rarely feasts on lack of predictability - Trump represents a nightmare for investors this year,” said hedge fund manager Douglas Kass of Seabreeze Partners Management Inc, who said last week that he was adding to his existing short bet on the U.S. stock market in part because of Trump’s increasingly strong position in the race.  Trump’s statements on business and Wall Street don’t neatly fit into one ideological worldview, but if anything, they are seen as isolationist in a globally connected world. He can also suddenly pick on businesses over various issues, such as his call for a boycott of Apple Inc’s (AAPL.O) products after the tech giant refused to help the FBI unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters.      “The election this year is the height of uncertainty,” said Phil Orlando, a senior portfolio manager and chief equity strategist at Federated Investors in New York, which manages $351 billion. He said political concerns - personified by Trump’s emergence as a frontrunner - are one of the main reasons why he began reducing equity exposure in mid-January.  There are, of course, plenty of other factors having an impact on U.S. financial markets. U.S. stocks rallied on Tuesday after strong U.S. factory and construction data suggested the economy was regaining momentum. That was even as investors contemplated expectations that Trump would do very well in 11 states holding Republican primary or caucus elections on this Super Tuesday.      Trump’s rhetoric mixes populist criticism of immigration policy, Wall Street behavior, and other countries’ trade policies, while also citing support for business-friendly efforts such as lower taxation. The lack of detail from Trump about his policies and how he would implement them is a particular worry for investors.      “Trump has been light on policy substance so it’s very difficult for the markets to handicap,” said Dave Lafferty, chief market strategist at Natixis Global Asset Management, which manages $870.3 billion in assets. He expects market volatility to rise if Trump extends his lead in Tuesday’s elections.     Some investors are particularly concerned about Trump’s nationalist rhetoric, saying it is potentially destructive to a global economy that is already struggling. If it reduces trade flows then it could also hamper U.S. and global growth and hurt U.S. company profits. The real estate investor proposes labeling China a currency manipulator and ending what he calls China’s illegal export subsidies and theft of U.S. intellectual property. He also wants to penalize companies who move jobs from the U.S. to Mexico by hitting them with high tariffs if they want to export back to the U.S., as well as build a wall at the Mexican border to prevent the flow of illegal immigrants. “In areas of trade policy and foreign affairs lies the greatest uncertainty,” Kass said. “Trump is not likely to be market-friendly in any of these policy areas.” In response, Trump’s spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in an email to Reuters that the same crowd criticizing the Republican Party’s top candidate had been responsible for causing the last worldwide recession and economic meltdown in 2007-2008.      “They have zero credibility,” said Hicks. “Mr. Trump will restore confidence to the global markets by ending runaway spending and borrowing, restoring trade balance and fairness, and bringing wealth to America’s middle class.” Investors had, for some time, been concerned about the strength of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders’ insurgent campaign for the Democratic nomination against former Secretary of State Clinton, given he declares himself to be a democratic socialist and has said Wall Street’s business model is fraudulent. With recent losses to Clinton in Democratic contests in South Carolina and Nevada, he is now seen as less likely to win the nomination. Trump’s plans include ideas that traditionally come from Republican candidates, such as lowering the corporate tax rate, simplifying the tax code, and as his web site puts it, cutting the deficit through “eliminating waste, fraud and abuse” and “growing the economy to increase tax revenues.”      “I think markets will like Trump on the taxes issue since he favors lower rates and a permanent change in repatriation rules,” said David Kotok, chairman and chief investment officer at Cumberland Advisors in Sarasota, Florida, which manages $2 billion in assets. Still, financial advisers say that Trump’s plans to do away with the so-called carried interest tax loophole - which gives hedge fund and private equity managers preferential tax treatment on much of their income - would prompt more selling if he begins to climb in national polls against Clinton.     Jeffrey Gundlach, the co-founder and CEO of bond investing and trading powerhouse DoubleLine Capital, said that Trump has a history of being “comfortable with a lot of debt and leverage,” and that won’t impede him from spending heavily. He said he believes Trump’s pledge to spend heavily on the military makes defense stocks a good investment play.     Others see such spendthrift tendencies more darkly.     David Ader, chief government bond strategist at CRT Capital Group in Stamford, Connecticut, said Trump’s history raises questions about his ability to run an organization as unwieldy and complex as the government. The businessman has in the past filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the Trump Taj Mahal casino and Trump Plaza Hotel.  Ader says the uncertainty would cause investors to flock to safe-haven U.S. Treasuries should Trump take office.  “It’s one thing to run casinos that have gone bankrupt, it’s another to run a country and its foreign policy,” he said.      Whether he would enjoy the support of the Senate and House of Representatives is a critical question, and will determine how many of his policy pronouncements can be turned into legislation. Congress could act as a brake if Trump gets the presidency and behaves as wildly as Trump the candidate. He clearly does not have the full support of a number of key Republican senators and would be unlikely to get much Democratic support for many measures.         Todd Morgan, senior managing partner at wealth management firm Bel Air Investments Advisors in Los Angeles, said that the increasing likelihood that Trump will be the Republican nominee is one reason why he has raised cash in some client portfolios over the past four months. He would likely sell more if it looks like Trump will win the general election, he said.      “It’s like a scale and you keep dropping more weights on the balance everyday, and the political uncertainty is becoming a bigger and bigger weight,” he said.      For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, ""Tales from the Trail"" (here). ",1
10580,"NSA chief says 'when, not if' foreign country hacks U.S. infrastructure","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The U.S. National Security Agency chief said on Tuesday it was a “matter of when, not if” a foreign nation-state attempts to launch a cyber attack on the U.S. critical infrastructure, citing the recent hack on Ukraine’s power grid as a cause for concern. Speaking at the RSA cyber security conference in San Francisco, Admiral Michael Rogers said he was also worried about data manipulation and potential offensive cyber threats posed by non-nation-state actors such as Islamic State. The U.S. government said last week a December blackout in Ukraine that affected 225,000 customers was the result of a cyber attack, supporting what most security researchers had already concluded.  Some private researchers have linked the incident to a Russian hacking group known as “Sandworm.” ",1
10581,Senate's McConnell condemns white supremacists,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday condemned white supremacists, in remarks responding to presidential candidate Donald Trump and his failure to disavow a white supremacist group in an interview. McConnell told reporters that there had been a lot of talk in the past 24 hours about “one of our presidential candidates and his seeming ambivalence” to the Ku Klux Klan white supremacist group and David Duke, a former Klan leader. “So let me make it perfectly clear. Senate Republicans condemn David Duke, the KKK, his racism,” McConnell told reporters, adding the Republicans condemned “everything they stand for.”  (Reporting by Susan Cornwell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10582,Secret Service investigating incident at Trump rally: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Secret Service is investigating a confrontation between a Time magazine photographer and a Secret Service agent at a rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in Virginia, the White House said on Tuesday. “The Secret Service is working with local law enforcement to try to get to the bottom of what exactly happened,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters during a briefing. “The leadership of the Secret Service has indicated that they’ll take appropriate steps based on the conclusion of that investigation.”  The rally on Monday was interrupted by protesters, including some from the Black Lives Matter movement. A photographer who was trying to document their removal from the rally was grabbed by the neck and shoved to the ground by a U.S. Secret Service agent.  (Reporting by Clarece Polke; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10583,"Secret Service probing agent, photographer fight at Trump rally ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Secret Service is investigating an incident at presidential candidate Donald Trump’s rally in Radford, Virginia in which an agent shoved a Time magazine photographer to the ground, an agency spokesman said on Tuesday. “We are investigating the matter fully to find out what our employee did and what the other person did,” Kevin Dye told Reuters.  Video footage of the altercation on Monday, which was posted on the Internet, shows Time magazine photographer Christopher Morris getting close to the agent, who threw him to the ground and Morris kicking the agent from the floor. The magazine said Morris was knocked to the ground after stepping out of the press hold to take a picture of protesters. A Trump campaign spokeswoman acknowledged the incident, but said the campaign was not aware of the details. In a statement published in Time, Morris said he had covered the White House for nine years without altercations with the Secret Service. “The rules at Trump events are significantly stricter than other campaigns and make it very difficult to work as a photographer, as many others have pointed out before me,” Morris said. “I regret my role in the confrontation, but the agent’s response was disproportionate and unnecessarily violent.” Free speech advocates have decried Trump’s treatment of protesters and reporters at his rallies, including ushering out dissenters and shouting at the press.   The Secret Service said it would never intervene to quiet protesters or restrict journalists unless there was a public safety matter.  “The Secret Service’s role is to protect the candidate and the public,” Dye said. “(Agents are) not in any way responsible for removing protesters. We have a strong commitment to upholding the First Amendment.” Trump and Ben Carson are the only two Republican presidential contenders to receive Secret Service protection, along with Democratic contenders Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Candidates must request the coverage.  White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Tuesday acknowledged that the Secret Service has indicated it would “look at this particular situation.” ",1
10584,Supreme Court standoff looms over Republicans' Senate defense,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans’ refusal to consider any Supreme Court nominee by President Barack Obama this year could jeopardize the party’s control of the Senate, as Democrats use the standoff to challenge vulnerable opponents in an election year. Congressional leaders met with Obama at the White House on Tuesday about replacing recently deceased Justice Antonin Scalia, and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell’s stance opposing any nomination by Obama. Neither side gave ground. The showdown over the issue is already being used by Democrats to target Republican senators in states including Ohio, Wisconsin, Illinois, New Hampshire and Pennsylvania, even though elections are not until November. The Democrats have two goals. One is opening a new line of attack on Republicans in states that tend to vote Democratic in presidential election years. The other is chipping away at McConnell’s position, which may be hard to maintain over time. The Democrats’ strategy will not work, said Republicans, who maintain the Supreme Court showdown actually helps them in some races and that other issues are much more important. Voters worry more about economic and national security issues than the Supreme Court, Tom Ridge, former Republican governor of Pennsylvania, said in an interview. The court fight “may have an impact, but at best, I think it’s marginal.” The issue has a long way to play out. Obama has yet to name a nominee. Also, the Supreme Court has not yet deadlocked 4-4 since Scalia’s death on a high-profile issue, so there has been no stalemate to test the public’s reaction. But by haranguing vulnerable incumbents, such as Illinois Republican Mark Kirk, Democrats hope to convince swing voters that stone-walling on any Obama nominee is a dereliction of duty. Faced with this attack, Kirk last week broke ranks with McConnell and said hearings should be held on a nominee. His possible general election opponent, Democratic Representative Tammy Duckworth, told Reuters she has hammered away at Kirk on the Senate confirmation process. “He would not have said anything if I had not pushed so hard,” she said. In Ohio and Pennsylvania, three-quarters of those polled said the Senate should at least see whom Obama nominates before deciding whether or not to confirm the nominee, according to Public Policy Polling surveys conducted Feb. 19-21. Former Pennsylvania Democratic Governor Ed Rendell told Reuters the Supreme Court battle will be trouble for Republicans. “This will bring into dramatic focus, with crystal clarity, the importance of the presidential election concerning the Supreme Court,” Rendell said. Liberal activist group Moveon.org last week sponsored a 30-second cable television spot urging Senate Republicans to “Do your job” and consider an Obama appointee. At the same time, conservative group Judicial Crisis Network launched a 30-second video thanking Senator Patrick Toomey, who supports McConnell’s position, for “letting the people decide” on replacing Scalia. Republicans must defend 24 Senate seats in November. Democrats have only 10 to defend. Senator Rob Portman, a first-term Republican who faces a tough re-election in Ohio, has also sided with McConnell. Republican Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, who was swept into office in 2010 by the Tea Party movement, is running 11 points behind Democrat Russ Feingold, the former senator he beat six years ago, a Marquette Law School Poll last week showed. To win, analysts said, Johnson must garner support from a different, presidential-year electorate that is likely to be younger, racially more diverse and with a potentially greater interest in moving forward with a Supreme Court nominee. So far the court debate has helped Johnson solidify support among Republicans, two-thirds of whom support McConnell’s stand. ",1
10585,Obama asked Republican leaders to offer top court nominee: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama asked Republican congressional leaders for suggestions on a Supreme Court nominee during a meeting on Tuesday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. Obama met with Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, both Republicans, in the Oval Office to discuss a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia. “The president ... gave everyone in the room, Democrats and Republicans, the opportunity to put forward their own suggestions for potential Supreme Court nominees,” Earnest said at a news briefing. “The president didn’t guarantee that he would choose that person, but the president did indicate that he would take seriously any recommendations that either Democrats or Republicans had to put forward.”  Earnest declined to say whether any Republican congressional leaders, who have said the top court seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office next year, offered any names. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy, the top Democrat on the judiciary panel, also attended the meeting. ",1
10586,German minister warns on Washington trip against 'politics of fear',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Germany’s foreign minister warned during a trip to Washington on Tuesday about a rise in the use of populist fear tactics by politicians on both sides of the Atlantic, describing this as a threat to Europe, the United States and transatlantic relations. Speaking at George Washington University on Super Tuesday, the biggest single day of state-by-state presidential nominating contests, Frank-Walter Steinmeier did not refer to Donald Trump or other candidates by name but he said he was concerned about the tone of the U.S. campaign. “In Germany and in Europe, something is gaining momentum in our domestic politics - and to be honest, I am also seeing it here in the United States during the primary campaigns. It’s the politics of fear,” Steinmeier said. Politicians in Germany and elsewhere in Europe have watched nervously as businessman and reality TV star Trump has moved from a long shot to the front-runner among Republicans seeking the party’s nomination to run in the Nov. 8 general election. Trump has described Chancellor Angela Merkel’s welcoming policy towards refugees as “insane” and predicted it would cause rioting in Germany. He has also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has been at odds with Europe since Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region two years ago. Germany does not face a federal election until next year. But a new anti-immigrant party, the Alternative for Germany (AfD), has emerged as a threat to Merkel’s conservatives. The AfD wants Germany to shut its border to migrants and use force to repel them if necessary. “They pretend that we can seal ourselves off and leave the world outside to deal with its own problems. But that’s wrong,” Steinmeier said, referring to politicians in Europe and the United States. “The worst thing we could do is seal ourselves off,” he said. In a subtle dig at Trump, who has promised to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and make the Mexicans pay for it, the German foreign minister added: “So if you ask me: building walls is a very bad idea - no matter who pays for them.” ",1
10587,Trump's low advertising spending weighs on U.S. broadcasters,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has upended the presidential primaries this year by relying heavily on free air time and Twitter at the expense of local-ad buying, throwing into question estimates that the November presidential election could translate into $6 billion spent on TV advertising. Now, with no Trump TV ads scheduled going into the 11-state Super Tuesday primaries, some investors and analysts are growing increasingly concerned that Trump could continue with an advertising-light strategy built on bruising debate performances and large rallies - often shown on cable TV - even if he wins the Republican Party nomination. “For the broadcast industry, which has pinned its 2016 on local TV ad spend, you have to believe that someone who is pretty amazing at leveraging the power of social media would be a real problem for television,” said media analyst Rich Greenfield with New York-based equity firm BTIG Research. “I think Trump elevates that to a whole new level.” So far, some $10-million has been spent on advertising for Donald Trump, compared with $32 million for Hillary Clinton, $49 million for Marco Rubio, and almost $85 million for Jeb Bush, according to data from Ad Age. Bush dropped out of the Republican contest earlier this month after trailing badly. “I would be worried if I was a broadcaster if Trump won,” said media industry analyst Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson Research. Trump’s decision to steer clear of political action committees and use most of his own money makes it hard to assume that he will act like a traditional candidate, he said.     The concern over Trump’s impact comes at a time when shares of many broadcasters who were counting on a strong political advertising market are hurting. So far this year, shares of Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc are down 23.9 percent, Gray Television Inc’s stock has fallen 29.2 percent, and shares of E.W. Scripps Co, which Wells Fargo analyst Marci Ryvicker had previously pegged as one of the most likely to benefit from political spending, are down 9.2 percent. Wells cut its outlook for Scripps on Monday. “It’s just not looking like the kind of environment that we were counting on,” said one prominent small-cap fund manager who says he has been selling shares of E.W. Scripps because of Trump’s candidacy. He did not want to give his name because his trades are not yet public. Broadcasters, like all media companies, have also been hurt by the growing trend of consumers canceling their cable subscriptions, a practice known as “cord cutting,” not to mention an economy that has been less than robust. To be sure, some analysts caution that it is still relatively early in the election cycle, and that Trump will likely pivot to a more advertising-heavy campaign should he become the Republican nominee, especially as he is likely to face a battery of TV ad attacks from Clinton, who is widely expected to be the Democrat candidate. Any pullback in spending on Trump’s part will likely be offset by spending to influence votes at state and local level on various measures that will be on the November ballot, as well as ad buys for other Congressional elections, said Tracy Young, an analyst at Evercore. The death earlier this month of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has made the key Senate races more important as the next Senate is likely to play a key role in who his successor will be. If New York businessman Michael Bloomberg or another prominent figure decides to stand as an independent or third-party candidate it could also drive total political spending higher. Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, has told his aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the U.S. presidency  and has indicated he would be willing to spend at least $1 billion of his own money, a source familiar with the situation said last month. A total $3.8 billion was spent on all political TV advertising in 2012, the last presidential election year, according to research firm Kantar Media CMAG. Of that total, spending by the Obama and Romney campaigns and related advocacy groups was only $953 million. “We view the political season as a bonus we get every two years,” said Salvatore Muoio, whose firm, New York-based S Muoio & Co LLC,  invests in a number of local broadcasters such as Tegna, Nextar and Media General, and is still bullish on the sector. Companies, meanwhile, are telling investors that they are not worried. A Trump nomination would not be “a negative effect because once it becomes a nationwide campaign post-convention, money will need to be spent to win,” Nexstar Broadcasting, which expects to bring in $100 million from political spending this cycle, told analysts on its earnings call last Wednesday. The Democrats and Republicans both hold their conventions in late July. Nexstar owns, operates or provides programming to 104 television stations reaching 62 markets across the country, including Florida, Texas, California and West Virginia. Steven Marks, co-chief operating officer  of Sinclair Broadcast Group, which has 164 stations stretching from Iowa to Ohio and Florida, told analysts Thursday that “I would suspect that if he’s the nominee, and this is just me thinking out loud, the RNC (Republican National Committee) is going to have no choice but to back him and the money will flow. The prize is too big.”      Still, little of that money will likely come from Trump’s campaign itself, said Steve Passwaiter, business development lead at Kantar Media Intelligence.       “This guy is the king of earned media,” Passwaiter said. “When every tweet you send out is posted on 3 billion websites you don’t have to spend a whole heck of a lot of money.”  (Reporting by David Randall and Jessica Toonkel. Ediitng by Linda Stern and Martin Howell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10588,Trump's immigration outrage poses challenge for Cruz in Texas,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Republican Ted Cruz’s hopes of a sweeping nominating victory in his home state of Texas are being eroded as Donald Trump taps into conservative anger over immigration. Polls show Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas, is poised to win the state’s nominating contest on Tuesday - the biggest voting day so far in the 2016 race - a result seen as essential to keeping alive his chance of winning his party’s nomination. But he could be stopped short of thresholds required to sweep its 155 delegates to the Republican convention if national front-runner Trump and other rivals win enough of the vote. Cruz needs as resounding a victory as possible to stay competitive on a day when Trump is expected to put in a dominant performance in other states voting on “Super Tuesday”. Interviews with more than two dozen voters in Texas suggest that Trump’s anti-immigration platform - which includes building a Mexico-funded border wall and deporting millions of illegal immigrants - could present Cruz’s biggest weakness against the real estate mogul.  The senator proposes similarly tough policies to prevent illegal immigration, but many Texans credit Trump with vaulting it to a top issue in the election, largely because of his tough, outraged tone rather than policy differences. “Trump has been honest enough to say what we’re all thinking but we’re all scared to say,” said Sharon Neil, 68, of Fort Worth, who is voting for Trump. Republicans in Texas, home to about 1.5 million undocumented immigrants, rank immigration the third most important problem facing the country, compared to seventh overall nationwide, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. And fans of Trump were twice as likely nationwide as Cruz supporters to say immigration was a top issue. Scott Ragno, 39, another Trump supporter from Fort Worth, said Trump’s tone on immigration was attractive. “Is building a fence the right answer? I don’t know about that. But I definitely think he’d do something to curb the problem.”  Cruz has a strong base of support among Texas’s grassroots Tea Party activists, high-profile endorsements including the state’s governor Greg Abbott, and a lead in most recent polls in Texas. He got 42 percent of support in a CBS News poll released on Sunday, compared to 31 percent for Trump. And Cruz led by 39 percent to Trump’s 26 percent in an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll the same day. Cruz's lead over Trump in Texas has, however, shown signs of decline, according to polls aggregated by Huffington Post since the two launched their campaigns in June. (here#!selected=Cruz,Trump )  Winning a majority of votes in a Texas district allows a candidate to sweep all of the district's delegates. A candidate  gets to sweep an additional category of 47 delegates if he wins a majority of the vote statewide - an outcome that is unlikely for Cruz.(here)  Trump has vented over immigration from the get-go, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and drug dealers at his campaign launch in June. At his rallies, he recounts incidents where Americans were killed by illegal immigrants. Cruz has pledged to build a wall too. During a Republican debate on Thursday, he criticized Trump for giving money to politicians who tried to overhaul immigration laws, including by offering new protections to people in the country illegally. Cruz has argued Trump has been inconsistent, criticizing him for hiring foreign workers instead of Americans to work at his Florida hotel. “It is a fact that for four decades Donald Trump has supported open-borders Democrats,” Cruz said Monday in San Antonio. “Nobody who supports open-border Democrats for 40 years can care about securing the borders.”   Trump, who held a rally in Fort Worth on Friday and packed a convention center hall with raucous supporters, has hit back by saying Cruz has toughened his stance on immigration lately mainly because of him. Voters in the Houston and Fort Worth areas described concerns about immigration ranging from overcrowded schools to more crime to cultural change.  “It’s not that we don’t want (immigrants) here,” said Neil, the Trump supporter. But she said she felt immigrants were taking a toll on the public school system - an issue close to her heart because her daughter-in-law is a teacher and her son is studying education.  (Additional reporting by Chris Kahn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Stuart Grudgings) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10589,Nobel laureate Vargas Llosa calls Trump a 'clown and a racist',"MADRID (Reuters) - Peruvian Nobel prize-winning author Mario Vargas Llosa said on Tuesday that Donald Trump was a “clown” and a “racist” who would doom the Republican party to defeat if it chose him as its candidate for November’s U.S. presidential election. “He is a danger to the United States,” said Vargas Llosa, who himself ran as a center-right candidate for the Peruvian presidency in 1990. “It is a country that is too important for the rest of the world to have in the White House a clown, a demagogue and a racist like Mr Trump,” he told a news conference in Madrid to launch his new novel, “Cinco esquinas” (“Five Corners”). Trump, the frontrunner in the Republican primaries, has said he wants to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and deport 11 million illegal immigrants. He also suggested, at his campaign launch last June, that Mexican immigrants were rapists and drug dealers. Vargas Llosa said Trump’s “seemingly unstoppable” campaign would guarantee another term for the Democratic party.  “Hillary Clinton surely will win a massive victory if the Republican candidate is Donald Trump,” he said.  Vargas Llosa, 79, won the Nobel Literature Prize in 2010 and now lives mainly in Madrid. He is known for books such as “The Time of the Hero” that explore Latin America’s structures of political power.  (This version of the story corrects translation in headline and first and third paragraphs to “racist” from “fascist”)  (Reporting by Angus Berwick; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Kevin Liffey) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10590,Rubio backers spend big in Texas ahead of Super Tuesday,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Backers of Republican presidential hopeful Marco Rubio have spent nearly as much money in the weeks leading up to Super Tuesday’s nominating contests as all of his rivals combined, including an outsized spend in Texas. The Super PAC supporting the U.S. senator from Florida, Conservative Solutions, poured $4.2 million into 10 Super Tuesday states between Feb. 10 and Feb. 27, almost twice as much as groups backing rival Ted Cruz, according to a Reuters analysis of Federal Election Commission filings. Super PACs supporting all candidates combined, including Rubio, spent $8.8 million in those states during that period.  The biggest chunk of money from Rubio's allied Super PAC was $1.5 million targeting U.S. Senator Cruz's home state of Texas, the biggest prize among the Super Tuesday states in terms of the number of delegates up for grabs. (Click here for a graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1Lr2J0c ) Cruz is poised to defeat Republican front-runner Donald Trump in Texas by a double-digit margin, with Rubio running a distant third in opinion polls. Efforts to reach an official at Conservative Solutions were unsuccessful, but experts said the spending could be an effort to prevent Cruz from reaching a threshold of victory that would allow him to sweep the state’s 155 delegates. “Given the delegate allocation, if Rubio can keep Trump or Cruz under 50 percent in some districts, he stops them from getting all the delegates in that district,” said University of Houston political science professor Brandon Rottinghaus. In the Texas Republican primary, delegates are allocated proportionally by congressional district. Texas-based Republican strategist Joe Brettell said a strong showing by Rubio in the state could also help the 44-year-old senator justify another run for the presidency in 2020 if he should fail to win the nomination this time.  Rubio has emerged as the Republican establishment’s favored candidate to take on Trump for the presidential nomination, drawing a flood of endorsements and donor cash since former Florida Governor Jeb Bush dropped out on Feb. 20. But the senator has struggled to distinguish himself from Cruz in both the polls and recent nominating contests. Cruz’s allied Super PAC spent $738,000 in his home state during the period. Trump’s campaign is largely self-funded and he does not have an allied Super PAC. The review of Super PAC spending does not include money spent by campaigns, which are set to disclose their February spending on March 20. Super PACs supporting the candidates, as well as other outside groups trying to influence voters, are required to notify the Federal Election Commission shortly after purchasing ads. Super PACs, which were created after the U.S. Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision in 2010, can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money but are barred from coordinating with the campaigns.  This year is shaping up to be one of the most expensive elections in American history. And a lot of the money lately has been spent targeting Trump.  Between the Super PACs supporting Rubio and Cruz as well as other groups that are working to bring down Trump, $7.2 million has been spent in Super Tuesday states and in national ad buys attacking the New York real estate billionaire, according to the Reuters review. One of the ads the Conservative Solutions PAC is running in Texas takes aim at Trump University, a for-profit program he launched that is now the subject of lawsuits from unhappy attendees. Trump called for the ad to be taken down, saying it was inaccurate.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson and Grant Smith; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10591,Clinton campaign says TV spot shows commitment to fight predatory drug pricing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A television advertisement set to air on Tuesday from the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton underscores the Democratic front-runner’s willingness to take on predatory drug pricing, according to a campaign statement. The ad, set to run in nominating contests following Super Tuesday voting and titled ""Predatory,"" shows Clinton criticizing Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc (VRX.TO) for its pricing practices and making clear that she is willing to take steps to end them, according to Hillary for America. (here) Valeant shares fell as much as 21 percent on Monday after the Canadian drugmaker revealed it was under investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. It is also being investigated by U.S. attorneys in New York and Massachusetts.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10592,Trump rivals call for release of NY Times editorial board tape,"SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s Republican presidential rivals urged him on Monday to ask the New York Times to release a recording of an interview he did with the newspaper’s editorial board, following a report he told it he was not serious about his immigration proposals. News website BuzzFeed reported on Monday that Trump had suggested to the Times’ editorial board in an off-the-record briefing on Jan. 5 that he would likely not stand by his immigration proposals if elected president. Trump, the Republican front-runner, has called for deporting all illegal immigrants and has said he would get the Mexican government to pay for building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. “Donald Trump should ask The New York Times to release the audio of his interview with him so we can see exactly what it is he truly believes about this issue that he has made the cornerstone of his campaign,” U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said in a statement. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas called on Trump to do so before this week’s Super Tuesday, the biggest single day of state-by-state presidential nominating contests for the Nov. 8 presidential election. “There’s one of two instances: It is either false ... (or) he actually now is telling the New York Times editorial board: ‘Pay no attention to what I’m saying on immigration because I, Donald Trump don’t intend to do anything I’m saying,’” Cruz said at a campaign rally in San Antonio. BuzzFeed quoted New York Times editorial page editor Andrew Rosenthal as saying he would not comment “on what was off the record at our meeting with him.” “If (Trump) wants to call up and ask us to release this transcript, he’s free to do that and then we can decide what we would do,” BuzzFeed quoted Rosenthal as saying. New York Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha said the newspaper was “not commenting beyond what our editorial page editor told BuzzFeed.”  A Trump official was not immediately available to comment.  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson in San Antonio; Additional reporting by Steve Holland and Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10593,"Hecklers disrupt Trump rally, photographer shoved to the ground","WASHINGTON - A Donald Trump rally in Virginia was repeatedly disrupted on Monday by protesters, including some from the Black Lives Matter movement, in a stark display of the divisions the Republican front-runner’s presidential campaign has long been accused of sowing. A Time magazine photographer trying to document the exit of dozens of black protesters from the rally in southwestern Radford, Virginia, was grabbed by the neck and shoved to the ground by a U.S. Secret Service agent. Hecklers disrupted the rally on a day when the New York billionaire fended off criticism that he had not clearly condemned white supremacist support during an interview on CNN on Sunday. Trump taunted the protesters, shouting “Are you from Mexico?” at one of them. Supporters in the audience confronted the hecklers in angry, face-to-face exchanges. As black protesters were escorted from the rally, the crowd around them began to chant, “All lives matter.” Trump waited for the scene to quiet down before saying, “Folks, you’re going to hear it once: All lives matter.” The crowd roared with applause.   Black Lives Matter is a civil rights movement that sprang from police shootings of black Americans in recent years. The Trump rally took place on the eve of Super Tuesday, the biggest voting day in the race to pick the 2016 presidential nominees for the November election. A number of Southern states including Virginia are holding contests on Tuesday, and opinion polls show Trump is likely to consolidate his status as favorite to win the Republican nomination. It was unclear whether Trump would be damaged by support from white supremacists. He has risen in opinion polls and won three of four early nominating contests while proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, calling Mexican immigrants criminals and insulting women. His rivals for the Republican nomination, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, urged him to ask the New York Times to release a recording of his recent interview with its editorial board, following a report he told it he was not serious about his immigration proposals. On Monday, the protesters disrupted Trump’s remarks several times for long stretches, prompting him to shout to security guards several times, “Get them out please, get them out.”  Trump appeared to relish the discord, saying after the turmoil in the crowd that his rallies were more exciting than those of the other candidates: “But it is fun, and exciting.” At a rally last week in Nevada, Trump also jumped into the fray with a protester when he said, “I’d like to punch him in the face.” Time photographer Chris Morris was on the fringe of an enclosed media section when he was seized by an agent from the  Secret Service, which has the job of protecting the U.S. president and some White House candidates. “I stepped 18 inches out of the (press) pen and then he grabbed me by the neck and started choking me and then he slammed me to the ground,” Morris told CNN at the scene. The Trump campaign said it was not aware of the details of the incident and directed inquires to local law enforcement. Secret Service spokesman Robert Hoback said the agency was aware of the incident involving one of its employees but it still working to “determine the exact circumstances that led up to this incident.” Earlier on Monday, Trump’s rivals criticized him for equivocating on white supremacist support when he was asked repeatedly on CNN if he would condemn the Klan and disavow support from white supremacists, including David Duke, a former Klan grand wizard from Louisiana. Trump said that he had been hampered by a faulty earpiece during the CNN interview. Duke on Monday denied that he had endorsed Trump. But he said he planned to vote for him and had advised his friends to do so too because of the candidate’s views on immigration and world peace. Duke told Fox News Radio he disapproved of Trump’s “lip service” in support of Israel, but “I told my people to vote for him in the election” for strategic reasons. He said he had not been part of the Ku Klux Klan for nearly 40 years.     On the Democratic side, front-runner Hillary Clinton alluded to the country’s divisions on Monday after a landslide victory on Saturday in South Carolina’s primary shifted her attention from party rival Bernie Sanders to the candidate she may end up facing in November. “I don’t think America ever stopped being great,” she told supporters in Massachusetts, adding a twist to Trump’s “Make America Great Again” slogan. “What we need to do now is make America whole.”   (Additional reporting by Amanda Becker, Susan Heavey, Megan Cassella and Eric Walsh; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Jonathan Oatis, Frances Kerry and Cynthia Osterman) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10594,U.S. State Department releases final batch of Clinton emails,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department released the final batch of Hillary Clinton’s emails on Monday from her time at the agency’s helm, bringing the final tally of emails it says contain classified information to more than 2,000. The department has been regularly releasing batches of her work emails in keeping with a judge’s order. But Monday’s release of the final 1,700 messages does not end the controversy and legal uncertainty dogging Clinton’s Democratic presidential campaign since her use of a private email server came to light a year ago. Republican rivals in the battle for the Nov. 8 election have cited the email controversy in saying Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, is unfit for the presidency. Clinton, secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, has said her email arrangement broke no rules and that she will be vindicated. One of the newly released exchanges shows Clinton and Jake Sullivan, one of her closest aides, in a discussion now entirely censored as “secret,” the second-highest level in the government’s three-tier classification system.  The messages, sent on June 7, 2012, bear the subject “Khar - where we are” - likely a reference to Hina Rabbani Khar, Pakistan’s foreign minister. The previous day, Pakistan had renewed its insistence that the United States apologize for an air attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers. All told, classified information appears in 2,093 of the 30,300 work emails and attachments Clinton’s lawyers returned to the department in 2014, including 261 such emails released on Monday. That information is obscured with white boxes in the public copies.  The government forbids sending or storing classified information outside secure, government-controlled channels. The FBI has taken the server and is investigating with U.S. Justice Department attorneys whether laws were broken through the unusual arrangement. The State Department’s inspector general and at least two Republican-led congressional committees are conducting similar inquiries.  The State Department is investigating how much of the information in the more than 2,000 emails marked as classified was classified at the time they were sent. The vast majority of those messages - 2,028 - contain information classified at the “confidential” level, the lowest, including scores sent by Clinton herself. A further 65 contain “secret” information, including at least one written by Clinton, while 22 contain “top-secret” information from U.S. intelligence agencies, which have been entirely withheld from release. Members of the public are still fighting the department in court for access to thousands of public records connected to some of Clinton’s closest aides. Last week, a federal judge granted a request by a conservative group suing the State Department under open records laws to seek sworn testimony from department officials and Clinton aides to see if the arrangement was intended to thwart public access to government records. Clinton’s staff has accused the government of overclassifying, and attribute the large number of emails now marked as classified to an “interagency” dispute between the State Department and intelligence agencies. At most, only a few dozen of the 2,000 classified emails included information from intelligence agencies, according to several people familiar with those agencies’ analyses of the emails. The vast majority of the classified information originated with State Department ambassadors and employees, including Clinton herself. State Department lawyers told a federal judge last week they still did not know who in the government authorized Clinton’s email arrangement or why. Clinton has said the arrangement was for her convenience, but that she now regrets it. The Justice Department, seeking to rebut suggestions that President Barack Obama’s administration may have inappropriate influence on its investigation, has not briefed the White House on its progress, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball and Idrees Ali; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10595,Thomas ends decade of self-imposed silence at Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Clarence Thomas ended a decade of silence from the bench during Supreme Court arguments on Monday when the conservative justice unexpectedly posed questions during a gun rights case from Maine. His comments, which surprised courtroom observers and then held them rapt, focused on Thomas’ concern that people convicted of domestic-violence misdemeanors could permanently lose the right to own a firearm. Thomas has been a consistent vote on the court for robust gun rights under the U.S. Constitution’s Second Amendment. Thomas, 67, had not asked a question during oral arguments since Feb. 22, 2006, when he made queries during a South Carolina death penalty case. His words came just over two weeks after the death of fellow conservative Antonin Scalia, who had been one of the most outspoken justices during arguments as well as a strong advocate for gun rights. Thomas’ questions were directed at Ilana Eisenstein, an assistant U.S. solicitor general who was defending a federal firearms statute. At issue was when a prior state misdemeanor domestic assault conviction based on “recklessness” may lead to a person being barred from ever owning a gun again under federal law. His first words were, “Ms. Eisenstein, one question.” “Can you give me another area where a misdemeanor violation suspends a constitutional right?” Thomas asked. Eisenstein stressed that Congress was concerned about future harm by individuals convicted “of battering their family members.” She said lawmakers particularly wanted to prevent gun violence. Thomas asked whether either of the defendants involved in Monday’s cases had used a weapon against a family member. Eisenstein said no. “So ... the suspension is not directly related to the use of the weapon,” Thomas said. “It’s just a family member’s involved in a misdemeanor violation; therefore a constitutional right is suspended.” Thomas, the court’s only black justice, in the past has attributed his reluctance to ask questions to a few factors, some personal. He told a group of students in 2000 that his reluctance to speak during arguments arose from a shyness tracing to his birth in Pin Point, Georgia, and his childhood with his grandparents in nearby Savannah: “I had grown up speaking a kind of dialect.”  In part to avoid the ridicule of classmates, Thomas said, “I just started developing the habit of listening. ... I didn’t ask questions in college or law school. I could learn better just listening.” Thomas has also said he thinks his colleagues interrupt the lawyers too much and that the lawyers should be able to explain their positions.",1
10596,Super Tuesday showdown: How the South won the spotlight,"ATLANTA (Reuters) - Things were not looking too good a year ago for Georgia’s top elections officer as he tried to stitch together a mega-presidential primary in the U.S. South. Efforts to bring Alabama and Arkansas online had stalled. Tennessee was threatening to defect.  But Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp kept working the phones, arguing that a bloc of Southern states all voting on March 1 was the only way to make U.S. presidential candidates pay attention to the region.  Eventually key state leaders came around and their effort seems to have paid off.  Candidates have campaigned more in the South this election year in an effort to woo a group of states voting early on so-called Super Tuesday than Kemp can recall seeing in any contemporary primary. And the seven states holding contests in the region appear poised to play a pivotal role in selecting the Republican and Democratic nominees for the Nov. 8 race. “In years past, we’ve been an afterthought,” Kemp said at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta last week. “That’s certainly not the case this year.” Elections officials nationally are watching how the concurrent races in the South play out on Tuesday, and are talking about possibly replicating the strategy in other parts of the country to win a greater say in the primaries. Kemp has dubbed the coordinated Southern races that he’s orchestrated the “SEC primary” - or Southeastern Conference primary - after a regional college athletic conference. “This represents an attempt to introduce primary reform,” said Kay Stimson, spokeswoman for the National Association of Secretaries of State, which for years has urged holding regional primaries that would rotate around the nation. “Brian Kemp took the ball and ran with it,” she added. It was not easy.  A year ago, Kemp stood in his statehouse office fretting that bills to set the primary date in Alabama and Arkansas were not going to pass. An Alabama state party chair was worried her state would get lost in a big group, he said, but Kemp argued that Alabama would still be better off by voting when it was early enough to matter. In Arkansas, the bill to change the primary date did not pass until it was included in a special legislative session. Kemp even feared trouble in Tennessee after his counterpart there said there was a rumor circulating that the “SEC Primary” states were thinking about moving back by a week.  “No,” Kemp replied. “Our coalition is holding together.” “WAFFLE HOUSE” v. “SEC” PRIMARY     Kemp, 52, a boots-wearing small business owner who drives a Chevrolet Suburban with more than 430,000 miles on it, jokes he could have dubbed his effort the “Waffle House primary,” for a restaurant chain prevalent in the region.  But athletics jumped out as a common passion for the Southern states he helped to bring together: Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Four other states, from Alaska to Vermont, also hold contests to award delegates on Super Tuesday. Kemp’s plan to concentrate attention on the South did not initially excite Alabama’s John Merrill, who had other priorities as that state’s newly elected elections chief. But after hearing the then secretary of state from Iowa - which holds the country’s first nominating contest - talk about how voters there would never back a candidate they had not met eight times, he rallied bipartisan support.  “Do you know just how few times anybody in Alabama has ever had the privilege to interact with a presidential candidate on a personal basis, let alone do it more than once?” Merrill said. Candidates began showing up once the regional primary was in place. A rally for Republican billionaire businessman Donald Trump drew as many as 30,000 people to a football stadium in Mobile, Alabama in August, for example. The primaries in the politically conservative South got a boost in significance this year from the size and unpredictability of the Republican presidential field. On the Democratic side, the region’s large concentrations of African-American voters are seen as a test of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s and U.S. Senator from Vermont Bernie Sanders’ appeal with a key Democratic voting bloc. While the South has not seen such a coordinated effort in decades, it is not the first time the states have tried to gang up.  Yet in 1988, when the region almost entirely held primaries on March 8, votes were split among Democratic candidates and the contest left the South to be settled elsewhere. A number of states eventually walked away from the plan. “The experience in 1988 was not one that the powers-that-be at the time really wanted,” said Josh Putnam, a lecturer in political science at the University of Georgia. Nonetheless, other regions are eyeing the Southern model. Washington state Secretary of State Kim Wyman failed last year to persuade several neighboring states to coordinate their primaries but plans another push in the next cycle.  “We could have a Pac-12,” she joked, referring to a Pacific Coast-oriented college athletic conference. “Or at least get some of the Western states to go on the same day, so candidates might actually come and visit us and campaign.” ",1
10597,Judicial panel members consider legal brief in Apple case: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Members of the House Judiciary Committee are considering filing a “friend of the court” brief in Apple Inc’s [AAPL.O] encryption dispute with the U.S. government to argue that the case should be decided by Congress and not the courts, five sources familiar with the matter said. The sources cautioned that no final agreement had been reached on what would be an unusual intervention by congressmen in a legal proceeding. Any filing would occur after a panel hearing on Tuesday that will include FBI Director James Comey and Apple General Counsel Bruce Sewell. The court deadline is Thursday. The filing would argue that the Feb. 16 order from a federal court in California that instructs Apple to write special software to unlock an iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino shooters threatens the constitutional separation of powers, the sources said. They said the brief would come from individual committee members of both Republican and Democratic parties but not the judiciary committee itself. Reuters could not determine which members were likely to be included. Lawmakers could wait until the appeals process before intervening, the sources said. Apple last week formally opposed the order in court, calling the case “unprecedented” and a violation of free speech rights that would override the will of Congress. On Monday, a judge in a related New York case sided with Apple in agreeing that the courts did not have the authority to order Apple to unlock a phone.  The San Bernardino case has come to represent a broader debate over how much authority law enforcement should have to compel companies to assist in monitoring digital communications.    The encryption debate does not divide along party lines, with liberal Democrats and libertarian-leaning Republicans both supporting Apple’s stance. Many pro-law enforcement lawmakers of both parties, and Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, support the government’s position. The unusual Congressional intervention would come on top of a wave of support for Apple among its Silicon Valley brethren. Some two-dozen companies and civil liberties groups are expected to weigh in on Apple’s side. Relatives of some of the shooting victims are planning to back the government’s case, said their lawyer, Stephen Larson.  The Federal Bureau of Investigation earlier this month sought and obtained a court order requiring that Apple write new software and take other steps to unlock an iPhone 5C that was used by Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife went on a shooting rampage on Dec. 2 in San Bernardino that killed 14 and wounded 22.  The government has said the attack was inspired by Islamist militants and the FBI wants to read data from the phone to investigate any links the couple might have had with militant groups. Apple is concerned that the order would lead to endless similar requests in the U.S. and overseas and ultimately undermine the security of all Apple phone. A number of large tech firms have publicly said they will file briefs supporting Apple. Google, Facebook and Microsoft are expected to file jointly and be represented by Neal Katyal, a Georgetown law professor and former acting U.S. solicitor general for the Obama administration, according to a source familiar with the companies’ plans. Amazon, LinkedIn, Twitter, the Mozilla Foundation, and the cloud storage firm Box, along with advocacy groups including the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Center for Democracy and Technology, are also expected to support Apple.  Still, some major companies, including IBM, are expected to sit out the fight. Telecom carriers have also been notably reluctant to get involved; Verizon is unlikely to file a friend of the court brief, despite comments from its CEO that the company supports encryption with no backdoors, sources familiar with the matter said.  A Justice Department spokeswoman declined comment on Sunday about what other briefs were expected.   Apple’s high-profile standoff with the U.S. government is being played out as many of the Obama administration’s most senior officials are traveling to San Francisco this week to attend the world’s largest cyber security conference.  U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, National Security Director Michael Rogers and Defense Secretary Ash Carter are all scheduled to speak at RSA conference, where the iPhone fight and encryption more broadly are expected to dominate conversation. ",1
10598,Attorney General Lynch says hopes Apple will comply with court order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said on Monday that she hopes Apple Inc. (AAPL.O) will still comply with the court order by a federal judge in California to unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters.  “It is still our hope that they will see their way clear to complying with that order as thousands of other companies do every day,” Lynch said in an interview with Fox News. Asked about the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, Lynch said the investigation would be done independently and refused to disclose information.  Lynch said no one outside the Justice Department, even at the White House, has been briefed on the case.  Lynch, who has been in the job as the United States’ top law enforcer since April 2015, waived off rumors that she might be nominated to the Supreme Court to replace late Justice Antonin Scalia.  “I haven’t had those conversations. I’m very happy with my job,” Lynch repeated twice. ",1
10599,Court hears appeal of ruling in Menendez corruption case,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The U.S. Constitution protects Sen. Robert Menendez from being prosecuted on bribery charges for talks he held with government officials on behalf of a friend who gave him gifts valued at $1 million, the New Jersey Democrat’s lawyers argued on Monday. The arguments came before the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in the corruption case against Menendez, who stepped down as the ranking member of the powerful U.S. Foreign Relations Committee when he was indicted in April 2015.  Federal prosecutors charge that he accepted lavish stays at a Caribbean villa, a luxurious visit to a Paris hotel and flights on private jets from Florida ophthalmologist and businessman Solomon Melgen, a longtime friend. Menendez interceded on Melgen’s behalf in an $8.9 million billing dispute with Medicare, and in a dispute with the government of the Dominican Republic over a port security contract held by one of Melgen’s companies, prosecutors say. The hearing on Monday involved an appeal of an earlier ruling dismissing a motion by Menendez’s lawyers to have the case thrown out before it goes to trial. They argued that the discussions with high-level officials centered on government policies rather than Melgen himself. At the time of his indictment, Menendez was the ranking member of the powerful U.S. Foreign Relations Committee, a post that he stepped down from while the charges are pending.  “You have to look at what happened in the room,” defense attorney Abbe Lowell told the three-judge panel hearing the case. “If you look at what happened in the room, the record reflects that there were high level policy discussions occurring.”  The case highlights a seldom-discussed provision of the U.S. Constitution known as the “speech or debate” clause, which gives members of Congress broad protections against prosecution for actions they take in their capacity as legislators. The clause was designed to prevent the executive branch from intimidating members of Congress for legislative actions, but it is commonly cited by the legal teams of members of Congress when they run afoul of U.S. corruption laws. But Circuit Judge Thomas B. Ambro pointed out that not everything a member of Congress does is protected by the clause.  “It looks like he’s doing constituent services, and that doesn’t get you the shield of the speech and debate clause,” Ambro said.  Prosecutors argued that the justices should look at the circumstances surrounding the talks Menendez held with government officials. Peter Koski, the deputy chief of the U.S. Justice Department’s Public Integrity Section, pointed to emails between Menendez and his chief of staff in which they discuss whether a meeting with then-U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius would get Melgen’s hopes up. “The only way Melgen’s expectations would be raised is if that meeting were about him,” Koski said. Melgen and Menendez have pleaded not guilty, and have challenged the charges against them.  In September, U.S. District Judge Benjamin Walls dismissed some of the charges against the men related to allegations that Melgen passed along $40,000 in bribes with contributions through Menendez’s legal defense fund. ",1
10600,Judge blocks Indiana governor's order barring Syrian refugees,"(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Monday blocked Indiana Governor Mike Pence’s order barring state officials from helping Syrian refugees resettle in the state, saying it was discriminatory. Pence was among more than 25 U.S. governors, mostly Republicans, who called on President Barack Obama to stop resettling refugees fleeing Syria’s civil war after November attacks by militants in Paris that killed 130. Governors have cited concerns that some refugees could be associated with Islamic State, which claimed responsibility for the attacks. The suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of Exodus Refugee Immigration Inc was among the first challenging governors’ moves to block resettlement. “The State’s conduct clearly discriminates against Syrian refugees based on their national origin,” U.S. District Judge Tanya Walton Pratt said in a ruling granting the preliminary injunction. She added that withholding federal grant money from Exodus did not advance Indiana officials’ assertions that they were barring refugees for safety reasons. Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller plans to appeal the decision and will seek a stay of Pratt’s order, a spokesman for the attorney general’s office said in a statement. The ACLU had contended that decisions on immigration and refugee resettlement were exclusively the province of the federal government and could not be dictated by state officials. Indiana had argued that Exodus, a nonprofit that gets federal money to resettle refugees, lacked standing to assert refugees’ rights. The U.S. State Department said in November that a refugee family that had been headed to Indiana was relocated to Connecticut, but did not specify the family’s country of origin. After the Paris attacks, the Obama administration stood by its pledge to admit some 10,000 refugees to the United States over the following year. Refugee advocates have noted that candidates for resettlement go through extensive background checks, taking up to two years, before reaching the United States. ",1
10601,Wife of 'American Sniper' making waves in Texas Republican politics ,"FORT WORTH, Texas (Reuters) - The widow of a slain Navy SEAL whose story was turned into the hit movie “American Sniper” has become a prominent figure in Fort Worth Republican politics even though her name does not appear on Tuesday’s primary ballot. Taya Kyle, the wife of Chris Kyle, is campaign treasurer for a Republican opponent of longtime Tarrant County Sheriff Dee Anderson, the lawman seen as the face of the manhunt for “affluenza” teen Ethan Couch. Kyle is also in a dispute with her late husband’s former business partner Bo French, who is running as a Republican for a Texas House of Representatives seat from the same county.  Lawyers for Kyle sent a cease-and-desist letter to the French camp last week calling on it to stop using her husband’s name and likeness in campaign materials. “Bo (is) abusing the name of my late husband, a beloved Son of Texas, and a hero to the nation, in an attempt to manipulate voters,” Kyle said in a statement on social media. She did not respond to requests to speak about her political activism. “Her experience with public exposure and scrutiny has taught her not to let her guard down,” said Republican political strategist Bill Miller. “She’s become a very formidable woman.” Chris and Taya Kyle have become stars of the state’s Republican establishment, with Governor Greg Abbott setting up a day to honor the memory of Chris Kyle, who was killed in 2013 by a troubled veteran he was trying to mentor.  Taya Kyle last year endorsed former Governor Rick Perry in his unsuccessful bid for the Republican presidential nomination. She now endorses U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.  In the sheriff’s race, she may be the difference in the campaign of Bill Waybourn, a former suburban Fort Worth police chief, analysts said. Waybourn, backed by the conservative Tea Party movement, is challenging Anderson, a fellow Republican, who gained national attention in calling for the apprehension of Couch. The teen, whose lawyer said his wealth distorted his moral compass, fled to Mexico in December apparently to avoid apprehension for violating the probation deal that kept him out of jail for a drunken driving wreck in 2013 that killed four people. Kyle, 41, has not indicated any intention to seek elective office, but analysts said that should not be ruled out. “Once someone gets involved and gets their hands wet in politics, it’s hard to get out,” Miller said. ",1
10602,No. 2 Senate Republican voices unease over Trump candidacy: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The No. 2 Republican in the Senate said on Monday he was worried that Donald Trump could be an “albatross” for Republicans running in other races if he were to win the party’s nomination for president, CNN reported. “We can’t have a nominee be an albatross around the down-ballot races,” John Cornyn, the Senate majority whip, said when asked if he had concerns about the possibility Trump could win the nomination, according to CNN. “That’s a concern of mine.” “I think he certainly is a controversial figure,” the Texas senator told CNN. “I think we need someone who can unify the party, as opposed to divide the party.”  (Reporting by Timothy Ahmann; Editing by Eric Walsh) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10603,Obama adviser Deese to lead White House's Supreme Court process,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has turned to senior adviser Brian Deese, an economic expert who previously led the administration’s climate change efforts, to head a team formed to pick a Supreme Court nominee and win confirmation, the White House said. White House counsel Neil Eggleston will be a part of that team and will steer the legal process, including the vetting of potential candidates, administration officials said on Monday. Leading Republicans have vowed to block any nominee Obama chooses, leaving the White House with the challenge of finding someone it believes could change Republican minds or galvanize enough public support to pressure them to back down.  Obama has been in the early stages of choosing a candidate to replace conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia since his death two weeks ago.  The process is likely to take at least a month, and the Deese-led team was created to ensure the entire White House staff was not consumed with the potentially legacy-defining project. The group will report regularly to chief of staff Denis McDonough, senior advisers and Obama. Deese has a history of taking on projects important to the president within the White House. He was involved in leading the administration’s bailout of the U.S. auto industry, budget deals with Congress and, most recently, international climate change talks that culminated in a Paris deal to fight global warming. “The president has relied on Brian in a variety of critical situations to do important work and to take on important projects,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.  “Given Brian’s performance in his other priorities, I don’t think it’s particularly surprising he would be tapped for this responsibility too.” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said repeatedly that the Senate will not confirm an Obama nominee in this election year. McConnell and other congressional leaders are scheduled to meet with the president on Tuesday. The White House keeps an ongoing list of potential candidates for the Supreme Court for instances in which a vacancy opens up, according to a former administration official involved in the process previously. That list is now being reviewed and is open to new entrants. Candidates will be vetted and interviewed before Obama makes his final decision. ",1
10604,"Unlocking iPhone would leave millions exposed, Apple to tell Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters would leave hundreds of millions of Apple Inc (AAPL.O) device owners vulnerable to cybercriminals and other hackers, the company’s top lawyer is expected to tell U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday. In written testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee released on Monday, Apple General Counsel Bruce Sewell reiterated the tech giant’s stance that the FBI’s request to help access the phone “would set a dangerous precedent for government intrusion on the privacy and safety of its citizens.” ",1
10605,Connecticut cancels pay raises for managers as budget woes bite,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut will cancel pay raises for managers at state agencies after the latest projections suggest the state’s fiscal situation may be much worse than previously thought, top officials said on Monday. The canceled raises are an early indication of the harm done by the state’s fiscal crisis. Many more cuts are expected this year as officials struggle with a budget deficit that could be as high as $900 million in the coming fiscal year. Although high-profile, the amounts involved are largely symbolic. The cancellations will affect 1,950 employees and represent savings of $12.74 million over two years. The figure does not include pay freezes in the judicial branch.  Connecticut has had to slash its revenue forecast because the weak stock market is cutting into capital gains tax receipts, which play a large role in the budget. It also met resistance when it tried to raise taxes. General Electric moved its headquarters out of the state earlier this year.   “We have a responsibility to the taxpayers of Connecticut not to move forward with managerial raises at a time when so many state programs will see reductions and while many state jobs are likely to be eliminated,” wrote Ben Barnes, secretary of the Office of Policy and Management. The letter was co-signed by Brian Durand, chief of staff to Democratic Governor Dannel Malloy. A report last week from the non-partisan Office of Fiscal Management said the deficit could be as high as $900 million in the next fiscal year, which begins on July 1. An earlier estimate from Barnes’ office put the deficit at $570 million.    Most of the raises, which have already been postponed twice, would have been awarded on Friday. They will be suspended indefinitely. ",1
10606,Republican Cruz taps homeschool niche in battle for Texas,"(Reuters) - If Republican Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz lands a win in the nominating contest in his home state of Texas on Tuesday, part of the credit will go to support from a small and often overlooked interest group: homeschoolers. The Senator’s campaign has invested months of effort courting the well-organized network of families who educate their children at home - often to avoid constraints on religion in public school - in the hopes they can keep a big chunk of conservative voters away from his rivals, billionaire Donald Trump and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. “They were crucial to our win in Iowa and will be in Texas (as well),” said Cruz campaign spokeswoman Catherine Frazier, referring to Cruz’s only victory in a string of four contests for the party’s presidential nomination so far that have otherwise been swept by Trump.     The Cruz campaign has used its message of religious liberty and small government to draw some 6,670 members to its “Homeschoolers for Cruz” coalition in recent months - many of whom campaign on his behalf.     “One thing to understand about homeschoolers is we are all networked,” said Ken Cuccinelli, a member of Homeschoolers for Cruz and an occasional campaign surrogate.     He said the group has used email pleas, door-knocking, and old-fashioned word-of-mouth to win votes. “The real rock stars are the teenagers. They have so much energy... And work ethic. They just churn through work like us old people don’t.”      Cruz’s campaign is betting that support like that will help him secure a win in Texas - the biggest prize among the 12 states holding Republican nominating contests on Super Tuesday. Texas has 155 delegates and a big win for Cruz could potentially shift the balance of the race to decide who will be the Republican nominee at the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump currently has 82 delegates to Cruz’s 17. Only around 3.5 percent of schoolchildren in the United States are homeschooled. But the families that endorse homeschooling can have outsized political influence in some states and are often conservative.     Many proponents of homeschooling share two important traits: a bent toward religion and a tendency to carefully guard against education policy changes that could affect them personally. “(Cruz) is going to make sure that the federal government will not infringe on what we believe is our God-given right,” said Will Estrada, a Virginia-based co-chair of Homeschoolers for Cruz and a lawyer at the Home School Legal Defense Association - which does not typically endorse candidates before the general election. Homeschoolers help candidates tap into the evangelical vote, long thought to be Cruz’s firewall in Southern states, even though he has struggled to win the conservative Christian vote amid the challenge by Trump.     Cruz leads Trump in Texas, 36.2 to 26.6 percent, according to a RealClearPolitics poll average, one of few leads predicted for the Texas senator for March 1 contests.      The stakes are high for Cruz on Tuesday. At a recent presidential forum at Regent University in Virginia, also a Super Tuesday state, Cruz warned that a runaway victory for Trump could make the billionaire businessman “unstoppable.”             Marlin Bontrager, a homeschooler parent whose family gospel band tours the country by bus, said he’s supporting Cruz in part because he worries that secular education has contributed to a drop in the American intellect and the rise of Trump, as well. “Our educational system has(...) dumbed down our society. And we’re seeing the effect of that this election,” he said, referring to the broad support for Trump.               In 2008, homeschoolers in Iowa mobilized around then-Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee, helping him win the state.   (Additional reporting by Luciana Lopez; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Alistair Bell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10607,Trump naysayers push #NeverTrump on Twitter before Super Tuesday,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The use of the #NeverTrump hashtag grew on Twitter on Monday as detractors of Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump fretted over his momentum on the eve of Super Tuesday election contests. On Twitter, the top influencer, or person who received the most engagement on their #NeverTrump tweets, was Trump rival Marco Rubio, according to online research firm Hashtagify.me. The senator from Florida and real estate billionaire Trump are engaged in an increasingly personal battle of insults on social media before voters in more than a dozen states select their party’s nominee to run for the White House in November. Rubio began using the tag on Friday, tweeting: “Donald Trump is a con artist - and he cannot be our nominee. #NeverTrump.” The tweet received more than 8,000 “likes” and 5,100 retweets. He repeated the tag in three more tweets over the weekend, with each one getting several thousand likes or retweets. A spokeswoman for the Trump campaign did not immediately return calls for comment. Another major influencer on the tag was conservative commentator Glenn Beck (@glennbeck), even though he has used it just once, on Sunday. Beck supports U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the campaign.  Still, Beck’s post - “Praying for this great country. Praying for a true constitutionalist! God bless (an emblem for the American flag). #NeverTrump #CruzCrew” - proved influential, getting retweeted nearly 1,000 times and liked nearly 2,000 times. Traffic on the hashtag was dominated by users who identify as conservative or Republican, most expressing vexation with the front-runner. Many tweets focused on Trump’s CNN interview on Sunday, when he declined to repudiate an endorsement from former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Trump later said he did not hear the question properly because of a defective ear piece.  Whitney Westerfield (@KyWhitney), a Republican state senator from Kentucky, tweeted on Monday, “Wow. Trump blaming his failure to repudiate the hatred & extremism of the KKK on a #BadEarpiece. #NeverTrump.” “No, the white supremacist/David Duke/KKK question isn’t hard. Reject their support & denounce their hate. Again & again & again. #nevertrump,” said Stephen Hayes (@stephenhayes), a writer for the Weekly Standard, a weekly conservative magazine. Trump supporters have countered with their own hashtag: #AlwaysTrump. “We must continue to fight on social media, the Peoples Revolution, the strongest tool right now! #TRUMP2016 #AlwaysTrump,” wrote Trump supporter Linda Alexander (@noopdoggy). Still, the #NeverTrump hashtag was winning the trending battle, seeing roughly twice the traffic as #AlwaysTrump on Monday, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph.  (Reporting by Gina Cherelus; Editing by Dan Burns and Grant McCool) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10608,U.S. sentencing reform backers cite success at state level,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As the Senate’s top Republican mulls whether to push ahead on a criminal justice reform package, the bill’s advocates say its power to cut crime is on display in his own back yard. Mitch McConnell, the Senate’s Republican leader, represents Kentucky, one of a handful of states that have had some success with sentencing reform and reducing violent crime. Violent crime rates are down nationwide since President Barack Obama’s first term, but states such as Kentucky have seen it fall more steeply than the national rate. Kentucky’s imprisonment rate also declined after it reduced sentences for certain drug offenders and passed a policy to release some prisoners to community supervision before the end of their sentences in 2011. The policy saved the state more than $29 million over two-and-a-half years, according to the Pew Charitable Trusts, a policy research group. McConnell could move forward in the Senate with a reform measure that would lower mandatory minimum sentences for some nonviolent federal drug offenders and permit judges to rehear cases with those new sentences in mind. It is backed by the Obama administration and a bipartisan group of 30 senators. The federal measure “has been informed by success stories” in states that have passed similar laws over the past decade, U.S. Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates told Reuters.  “I’m confident that we would see similar results if Congress were to pass important reforms at the federal level,” she said. McConnell in January vowed to bring “everybody in the Republican Conference up to speed... before any decision is made about floor time” since the bill has so far been discussed mainly in the Senate Judiciary Committee. McConnell spokesman Don Stewart said he had no new announcements on the bill’s prospects for advancement. Some Republicans oppose it, such as Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton, who says parts of the proposal applying to armed drug offenders would “release thousands of violent felons.” But sponsors of the Senate package cite state-level success in arguing for the federal reforms. “While I am excited about our federal prospects, the fact is that we could not have gotten to this point if it were not for the great reforms that Utah and other ‘red’ states around the country are enacting,” Republican Utah Senator Mike Lee told Reuters, referring to states that predominantly support the Republican Party. Thirty states reduced crime and imprisonment rates simultaneously between 2009 and 2014, Pew said, with 18 of those states’ crime rates falling faster than the national rate. Utah last year lowered penalties for certain drug offenses. It also restricted prison beds to only the most serious offenders through a law the state expects to nearly flatline prison growth over the next 20 years and save $542 million. The U.S. Sentencing Commission estimates more than 12,000 prisoners - about six percent of the federal prison population - would be eligible to have their cases reheard under the Senate bill. A parallel package of bills in the House of Representatives also awaits a floor vote.  Earlier this month, Justice Action Network hired McConnell’s former chief of staff, Hunter Bates, to lobby for the bill. Bates told Reuters that McConnell is “not quite ready” to advance the bill yet, but that it is on a “short list” of bills that have a shot at becoming law in 2016. ",1
10609,Sanders supporters' courtship of Clinton superdelegates may be backfiring,"(Reuters) - Backers of Democratic presidential contender Bernie Sanders have launched a campaign to win over some of his rival Hillary Clinton’s most prized supporters - the superdelegates that can make the difference in a tight race for the party’s nomination. But some emails, phone messages, and petitions sent by the Sanders boosters have backfired, upsetting superdelegates with their aggressive tone and leading many to dig in their heels for Clinton, according to interviews conducted by Reuters. The drive to flip Clinton’s super delegates has not been sanctioned by Sanders’ campaign, his spokesman Michael Briggs said. “Bernie’s campaign is focused on reaching out to all voters and earning delegates at primaries and caucuses,” he said in a statement, stressing that the Sanders campaign was not coordinating with supporters to contact superdelegates.  However, the unofficial push could complicate the U.S. Senator from Vermont’s efforts to woo the critical bloc in the coming months.  The effort has at times taken an angry tone, some of the messages reviewed by Reuters showed, reflecting the anti-establishment tinge of the 2016 presidential race where many voters are unhappy with Washington insiders. Some 85 percent of the 4,763 delegate votes to the Democratic National Convention that will decide who will face a Republican rival in the November election are determined by the results of states’ nominating contests. But the remaining 15 percent are held by superdelegates, who get to vote however they like - meaning they could hold the key to a tight contest. Superdelegates are made up of party leaders and elected Senators, members of Congress, and governors. The Democratic party adopted the system in the early 1980s as a way of giving party leaders more control over the nominating process, though they have yet to play a decisive role in a nomination. “The idea there is that you’ve got people who have a long view ... who have, arguably, the best interests of the party at heart,” said Terri Fine, a professor of political science at the University of Central Florida.  At least one superdelegate who has backed Sanders, however, finds the system that can overturn the will of regular voters flawed. “I’m a superdelegate to fight to end superdelegates,” said Larry Cohen, a former president of the Communications Workers of America union who volunteers full-time for the Sanders campaign.  Among super delegates that have tipped their hand so far, Clinton holds 453 to 20 for Sanders, according to the New York Times delegate tracker. Among regular delegates, won through nominating contests, Clinton leads by 91 to 65 after the South Carolina primary. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1QHZCSj ) The Republican party does reserve slots for members of its national leadership, but they do not have such influence as Democratic superdelegates. Interviews with 10 of the 505 super delegates supporting Clinton Reuters has reached show that nine of them have been approached by people purporting to back Sanders, and nearly all were displeased by the tone of the outreach.  Isabel Framer of Ohio, a superdelegate for Clinton, for example, got a voice mail last week urging her to vote for Sanders “in accordance with the will of the people.”  On the voice mail, heard by Reuters, the anonymous male caller says: “I think it’s crap that you get to vote whichever way you want... I’ll be watching your vote.”  “I’m not easily frightened,” Framer told Reuters. “I’m not going to change a vote over threats.”  Akilah Ensley, a North Carolina superdelegate, said she started hearing more often from Sanders supporters after her name appeared on a Wikipedia list noting her support for Clinton. “Some of them were nice, and some were rather abrasive,” she said, adding “attacking my decisions is probably not the best way” to change her mind.  Luis Heredia, an Arizona superdelegate for Clinton, said he has received over 30 phone calls, emails and instant messages from Sanders supporters. “The majority of them are more angry, and the tone is more demanding,” Heredia said.  Lacy Johnson, an Indiana superdelegate backing Clinton, meanwhile, said he had received a mix of messages, including one that he said threatened: “we will make you pay.” Andres Ramirez, a political consultant in Las Vegas, Nevada, and a superdelegate supporting Clinton, said in the past campaigns would typically try to soft-sell their candidates rather than use pressure tactics. “The way this has gone down, in my experience, has never happened before,” said. While it is unclear who is directing some of the calls and emails to Clinton’s superdelegates, Seattle resident Justin Renquist has pushed for some of the outreach, although he stressed that such contacts needed to be civil. Renquist calls  himself part of the “Superdelegate Task Force Army” that rallies Sanders supporters to reach superdelegates via Facebook, Twitter and other means. “There are 3,000 in my group who have been slamming these guys as politely and nicely as we can...basically saying, look this system is undemocratic,” Renquist said.  On Friday, the group issued a statement saying it did not support, condone or engage in any communication with superdelegages that was “vulgar, threatening, harassing or intimidating.” Other Sanders fans, meanwhile, have gathered more than 300,000 signatures under at least two petitions on MoveOn.org, asking superdelegates to vote in line with the results of the primaries and caucuses.  A third petition, on the Democracy for America site, also asks superdelegates to follow state nominating contests. It was started by Robert Reich, who was a secretary of labor under Bill Clinton and who has endorsed Sanders. The Sanders campaign plans its own effort to win over superdelegates, possibly in April.  “That’s when we’ll make a much stronger approach to superdelegates,” said Tad Devine, a senior adviser to the Sanders campaign.  Clinton’s campaign, meanwhile, started officially courting superdelegates months ago. “We are proud to have the support of these Democratic party leaders, who have been in the trenches,” said Jesse Ferguson, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Tomasz Janowski) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10610,"Clinton sets sights on Trump, general election after huge win in South Carolina","COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - Riding high after a landslide victory in Saturday’s South Carolina primary, Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has set sights on a possible face-off in the Nov. 8 presidential election with Donald Trump, the favorite for the Republican nomination.  “Despite what you hear, we don’t need to make America great again. America has never stopped being great,” she told supporters in her victory speech in South Carolina, declining to mention Trump by name, but taking a jab at his campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.” Clinton said she was not taking anything for granted after crushing Democratic rival Bernie Sanders on Saturday by 48 percentage  points, likely setting herself up for a good “Super Tuesday” night on March 1, a key date in the nomination battle. But if Clinton and Trump win big on Tuesday as opinion polls suggest, the chance of a general election matchup between them increases, adding another twist to a presidential campaign that has defied convention as U.S. voters vent frustration over economic uncertainty, illegal immigration and national security threats. Some Clinton backers, emboldened by the heightened chance of a Trump nomination, have reaffirmed their support for the former secretary of state, saying that it is she, not Sanders, who is best equipped to take down Trump in a head-to-head showdown in November. Rosilyne Scott, 58, of Texas, cast her vote early for Clinton ahead of Texas’s upcoming Tuesday nominating contest, calling the prospect of a Trump presidency “frightening.” “I just think she has more support, and she’s been doing it a lot longer,” she said.  “If you get someone like Donald Trump in, I don’t know. ... I think he’s a joke, a bigot, a racist.” Amid Clinton’s renewed momentum against Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, donors have also found resolve. One Clinton fundraiser in California said her recent victories in Nevada and South Carolina have prompted more people to donate to her campaign and to attend Clinton events. He said he had raised $10,000 for the Clinton campaign in the past week alone.  A Trump-Clinton election would embody the outsider-versus-establishment battle in American politics. Trump has never been elected to public office, while the former first lady has been a player in Washington for decades.   South Carolina was Clinton’s third victory in the first four Democratic contests, raising more questions about whether Sanders, a democratic socialist, will be able to expand his support beyond his base of predominantly white liberals. Exit polls showed Clinton winning big in the state with almost every constituency. She won nine of every 10 black voters, as well as women, men, urban, suburban, rural, very liberal and conservative voters. Sanders was ahead among voters between ages 18 and 29, and among white men. When asked which candidate they thought “can win in November,” an overwhelming 79 percent said Clinton, with only 21 percent putting their faith in Sanders to defeat the eventual Republican nominee. Sanders, who has energized the party’s liberal wing and successfully courted many of the party’s youth, on Sunday acknowledged he had been “decimated” by Clinton in South Carolina. He set his sights on March 1, where a win in a key state is crucial to keeping his hopes alive. “I think we’re going to do well on Super Tuesday, we’re going to do well in many states after that and we look forward to those state-by-state struggles,” he said in an interview on NBC News’s “Meet the Press.” But Sanders needs to have his breakout moment sooner rather than later, warned longtime Democratic activist Phil Noble, who said that Sanders’ momentum in South Carolina “fell off the table” after Clinton’s solid victory in Nevada on Feb. 20.      “He’s got to pull off a surprise against Clinton soon or he won’t have time to recover,” he said.   (Additional reporting by: Alana Wise in Washington, Luciana Lopez in New York, Emily Stephenson in Texas; Editing by Alistair Bell, Mary Milliken and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10611,Tech CEO Whitman calls Trump 'unfit' to be U.S. president,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Meg Whitman, the head of technology firm Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE.N), said on Sunday that Donald Trump was “unfit” for the U.S. presidency, and criticized New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, whose failed presidential bid she supported, for endorsing him. But, later in the day, Trump picked up another high-profile endorsement, from U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a leading conservative. Trump’s insurgent campaign has riven the Republican Party, with party leaders openly discussing how to thwart the will of the tens of thousands of members who have voted for Trump, helping him comfortably win in three of the four states that have so far held nominating contests. Party leaders are nervous that Trump, a billionaire real-estate developer from New York City who deviates from some of the central tenets of Republican conservatism, may alienate voters if he is their candidate in the Nov. 8 general election. He has proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States and declined a journalist’s invitation on Sunday to condemn the Ku Klux Klan, the violent white-supremacist group. Christie, who scrapped his own presidential bid earlier this month, became the most prominent Republican figure to break ranks with party leadership by endorsing Trump on Friday ahead of this week’s “Super Tuesday” contests, when voters in 11 states go to the polls. Whitman, who was a co-chairwoman of the national finance committee of Christie’s campaign, said in a statement to reporters that Trump would take the country on “a dangerous journey” and that Christie was aware of this. “Chris Christie’s endorsement of Donald Trump is an astonishing display of political opportunism. Donald Trump is unfit to be president”, said the statement from Whitman, who is chief executive and president of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and chairman of HP Inc (HPQ.N). She called on Christie’s donors not to follow him to Trump, who has predominantly funded his campaign with personal loans. Representatives of Christie and Trump did not respond to requests for comment. Earlier on Sunday, Trump was asked repeatedly if he would unequivocally condemn the Klan and other support from white supremacists. “I don’t know anything about what you’re even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists,” Trump told CNN’s Jake Tapper after being asked about his endorsement by David Duke, a former Klan leader. “If you would send me a list of the groups, I will do research on them and certainly I would disavow if I thought there was something wrong.” Previously, Trump had seemed less uncertain about his views on Duke. “David Duke endorsed me?” he said in a response to a reporter. “Alright. I disavow. OK?”  His latest backer, Senator Sessions, has had to defend his own controversial comments about the Klan in the past. In 1986, he admitted during an unsuccessful confirmation hearing to become a federal judge that he had said he thought the Klan was “OK” until he came to believe that some members smoked marijuana. He explained that these remarks were a joke and has since called the Klan “destestable.”     In a separate interview on Sunday, Trump also defended posting on his Twitter account a quote sometimes attributed to Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini. He told NBC News he did not realize that the quote - “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep” - was associated Mussolini but said it did not matter because it was a good aphorism all the same. Many party leaders hope U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida will somehow overtake Trump before the party’s nominating convention in July, despite Rubio’s not having won any states and lagging behind in Trump in opinion polls.  In recent days, Rubio has taken to adopting Trump’s habit of using adolescent insults to denigrate his rival, suggesting on Friday that Trump urinated in his trousers during last week’s televised debate. Rubio and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, the only Republican to yet beat Trump in a primary election, both criticized Trump’s reticence to speak ill of the Klan on Sunday. “We cannot be a party that nominates someone who refused to condemn white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan,” Rubio told a crowd of voters in Purcellville, Virginia, MSNBC reported.  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise in Washington; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10612,Exclusive: Democratic Party slams GOP candidates on climate change,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Democratic Party released a video on Sunday slamming Republican presidential hopefuls for their opposition to action on climate change, suggesting the views clash with the reality of rising sea levels and shifting weather patterns. The video features Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his two closest rivals, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, denying man-made global warming, juxtaposed with images of U.S. flooding, wildfires, droughts and heat waves. “I’m not a believer in climate change,” Trump says during a television news interview featured in the clip. The video can be seen at bit.ly/1Qm5iB8.  “Satellite data show there’s been no warming whatsoever,” Cruz, a U.S. senator of Texas, says in another news clip. Rubio, a U.S. senator of Florida, says, “I do not believe that human activity is causing these dramatic changes to our climate the way these scientists are portraying it.”     The video aims to put the environmental issue center stage in the November race for the White House.      Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have both laid out plans to combat climate change, while all five Republican presidential contenders have argued that the problem doesn’t exist or have discounted the scope of the issue. The video also draws a link between environmental issues and the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court following the surprise death this month of Justice Antonin Scalia.  President Barack Obama has said he plans to nominate a replacement for Scalia before the November election, but Republicans in Congress have vowed to block the effort. “With so many issues at stake now, with so much potentially heading before the court on clean energy and climate change, we simply can’t afford for our nation’s highest court to be crippled,” a few Democratic members of Congress say in the video. An official for the Democratic Party said the video would be circulated on social media.  (Reporting by Luciana Lopez; Additional reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10613,Senator Jeff Sessions to endorse Trump White House bid: Drudge Report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Jeff Sessions will become the first sitting U.S. senator to endorse party front-runner Donald Trump on Sunday evening, Drudge Report said, marking another in a string of high-profile endorsements for the billionaire businessman. Sessions’ support will top the list of politicians who have thrown their backing to Trump in the last week, including Republican U.S. Representatives Chris Collins of New York and Duncan Hunter of California, as well as former rival for the nomination New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who endorsed on Friday.  (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10614,"Congresswoman quits Democratic National Committee, endorses Bernie Sanders","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic National Committee Vice Chair Tulsi Gabbard resigned from her post on Sunday to endorse Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, following months of rising tensions within the group. “I think it’s most important for us, as we look at our choices as to who our next commander in chief will be, is to recognize the necessity to have a commander in chief who has foresight, who exercises good judgment,” Gabbard, a U.S. representative for Hawaii, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” Gabbard, one of five vice chairs, and her committee colleagues have butted heads over a thin debate schedule in the months leading to Democratic voting contests for the party’s nomination, with Gabbard calling for the group to add more debates to the calendar. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is competing with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination to run for president on Nov. 8. Critics have said the scheduling of the debates has favored Clinton, who is better known than Sanders and is favored to win the nominating contest. Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz issued a statement accepting Gabbard’s resignation, calling her a friend and praising the active-duty veteran for her service in the armed forces. “Congresswoman Gabbard is a role model who embodies the American ideal that anyone can dream big and make a difference,” Wasserman said in the statement.  “She is also a colleague in Congress and a friend, and I look forward to continuing to work alongside her when our Party unites behind whoever emerges as our nominee.”  (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by David Goodman and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10615,Former Christie campaign finance chair slams Christie endorsement of Donald Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A former finance co-chair of Chris Christie’s presidential campaign on Sunday slammed Christie’s recent endorsement of Donald Trump, according to NBC, calling for the New Jersey governor’s supporters to reject the Republican front-runner.  “Chris Christie’s endorsement of Donald Trump is an astonishing display of political opportunism. Donald Trump is unfit to be president,” Meg Whitman, chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard, said in a statement reported by NBC’s “Meet the Press” program. Christie, appearing on ABC’s “This Week” program, responded by describing Whitman “a great friend” with a different political opinion. “And that’s OK. That’s what makes this country great is that people can have differences of political opinion,” he said.   Just days before the Super Tuesday nominating contests, Christie on Friday became the most prominent mainstream Republican to get behind the billionaire Republican front-runner and former reality TV star, declaring Trump to have the best chance of defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. But Whitman’s statement said the New Jersey governor made his statement despite his own public misgivings about a Trump presidency. “Trump would take America on a dangerous journey. Christie knows all that and indicated as much many times publicly,” Whitman said. Trump’s unorthodox candidacy has shaken the Republican Party and has drawn increasingly vehement criticism from his rivals. But a growing number of senior Republicans are becoming resigned to the idea he will be their candidate in November. Christie, who withdrew his own White House bid earlier this month, denied that he reversed course on Trump after promising New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper publisher Joe McQuaid that he would not endorse him after the billionaire won the state’s Feb. 9 primary election. “It’s just not true. He called me two days after the primary and said, I was just told that you’re about to endorse Donald Trump. And I said to him, that’s absolutely untrue. I’m not about to endorse anybody,” Christie told ABC.  (Reporting by Alana Wise and David Morgan; Editing by Ros Russell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10616,"Republicans Rubio, Cruz release taxes, piling pressure on Trump","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz  released tax returns for several years on Saturday in an effort to pressure billionaire front-runner Donald Trump to follow suit. Rubio, whose financial decisions earlier in his life have come under scrutiny, paid $78,917 in taxes on $335,561 in gross income in 2014, along with his wife, Jeanette. Cruz paid $389,124 in taxes on $1.2 million income in 2014 along with his wife, Heidi, who is employed by Goldman Sachs and currently on leave from the bank.  Rubio and Cruz, both first-term U.S. senators, trail Trump in national polls and are fighting to stop the political novice from locking up the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election after big wins in South Carolina and Nevada. The real estate developer has said he will not release his returns until a routine audit has been completed.  “If Donald is embarrassed about his tax returns, it’s up to the voters to assess the facts. It’s time to stop delaying and come clean with the American people,” Cruz said in a statement. Rubio released his last five years of federal returns on Saturday, while Cruz submitted four years. Rubio said Trump, who has promoted his success as a businessman as one of his key qualifications for the presidency, may not be as wealthy as he suggests. “I think part of it is he’s not as rich as he says he is,” Rubio said while campaigning in Georgia. Rubio and his wife have only one debt: the mortgage on their house, the campaign said, seeking to emphasize that the senator had moved past previous financial woes. Rubio often refers to the nearly $150,000 in student loan debt he incurred by the time he graduated from law school, paid off with proceeds made from his 2012 autobiography. He also faced questions for struggling for several months in 2008 to pay the mortgage on his $384,000 South Florida home, despite a $300,000 salary from his job at a Miami law firm. Rubio also drew scrutiny for liquidating a retirement account to cover expenses, such as home repairs and school fees. That was reflected in $68,241 of income as part of his 2014 return. During his 2010 bid for the U.S. Senate, which followed his stint as a Florida state lawmaker from 2005-2006, Rubio had to defend his use of a Republican Party-issued American Express credit card for more than $7,200 personal expenses, which he later paid back.  Trump has accused Rubio of living beyond his means. Rubio’s adjusted gross income in 2010 was $183,826 in 2010. It spiked to $929,439 in 2012, when his book “An American Son: A Memoir” was published. “There is no doubt the Rubio family has come a long way from the days when their largest monthly expense was a check to (student loan provider) Sallie Mae and checks were sent in the mail to pay bills with the hope the payment did not arrive before the next paycheck was deposited into their account,” Rubio’s campaign said. Cruz’s wealth, with $1.2 million in combined income with his wife in 2014, placed them well above the $423,000 threshold of the top 1 percent of earners in Texas, according to a 2015 Economic Policy Institute report.  (Reporting by Jeff Mason and Alana Wise; Editing by Leslie Adler and Mary Milliken) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10617,Republican Ted Cruz releases four years of tax returns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz released four years of his and wife Heidi’s tax returns on Saturday, ranging from 2011-2014, showing $389,124 taxes paid on $1.2 million in 2014. Cruz’s filings follow a similar release of returns on Saturday by rival Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida. Both campaigns called on billionaire businessman and Republican front-runner Donald Trump to make his returns public, too.  (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Mary Milliken) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10618,Two former presidents of Mexico compare Trump to Hitler,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s political rhetoric is “racist,” and evocative of Adolf Hitler, former Mexican President Felipe Calderon told reporters at an event in Mexico City on Saturday.  “This logic of praising the white supremacy is not just anti-immigration,” Calderon said. “He is acting and speaking out against immigrants that have a different skin color than he does, it is frankly racist and [he is] exploiting feelings like Hitler did in his time,” Calderon said.  Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the U.S. border and has said he will make Mexicans pay for a wall on the border. Felipe Calderon was president of Mexico from 2006-12. Former Mexican President Vicente Fox, Calderon’s predecessor, also compared Trump to Hitler in an interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN.  “He reminds me of Hitler,” Fox told Cooper on Friday.  (Reporting by Joanna Zuckerman Bernstein and Luis Rojas, editing by G Crosse) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10619,Clinton wins big in South Carolina on way to 'Super Tuesday',"COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton crushed rival Bernie Sanders at the South Carolina primary on Saturday, propelling her into next week’s crucial “Super Tuesday” voting in 11 states on a wave of momentum. The rout of Sanders solidified Clinton’s status as the strong front-runner to capture the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election in her quest to become America’s first woman president. With nearly half of the votes counted in South Carolina, Clinton led Sanders by a 50-point margin, dramatically reversing her 28-point loss in the state to President Barack Obama during their bitter 2008 primary battle. The former secretary of state’s victory decisively  established her strength among black voters, a crucial Democratic constituency who make up more than half of the party’s primary electorate in South Carolina. After the win, Clinton appeared to be looking ahead to a general-election matchup with Republican front-runner Donald Trump, the billionaire whose campaign slogan is “Make America Great Again” and has called for building a wall on the border with Mexico. “Despite what you hear, we don’t need to make America great again, America has never stopped being great,” she told cheering supporters in Columbia after the win. “Instead of building walls, we need to be tearing down barriers.” The result was Clinton’s third victory in the first four Democratic contests, and raised more questions about whether Sanders, the democratic socialist U.S. senator from Vermont, will be able to expand his support beyond his base of predominantly white liberals. “Today you sent a message,” Clinton said. “In America, when we stand together, there is no barrier too big to break.” Sanders admitted defeat early in the night. “Let me be clear on one thing tonight. This campaign is just beginning. We won a decisive victory in New Hampshire. She won a decisive victory in South Carolina. Now it’s on to Super Tuesday,” Sanders said in a statement.              The Democratic race now becomes a broader national contest. Eleven states, including six in the South with large minority populations where polls show Clinton with big leads, will vote on Super Tuesday and four more over the next weekend. “Tomorrow, this campaign goes national,” Clinton said. Clinton’s camp was hoping a big win in South Carolina, after more narrow victories in Iowa and Nevada and Sanders’ clear win in New Hampshire, will set her up for a big night on Tuesday, when about 875 delegates will be up for grabs, more than one-third of those needed to win the nomination. Sanders, who has energized the party’s liberal wing and brought young people to the polls with his message of attacking income equality and reining in Wall Street, needs a breakthrough win in a key state in the next few weeks to keep his hopes alive. “The door is closing fast for Bernie Sanders,” unaligned Democratic strategist Chris Kofinis said. “Movement candidates are about momentum and excitement, and losses sap that momentum. That’s his problem right now.”      Recognizing his steep odds in South Carolina, Sanders had spent most of the past week in states that will vote in March. As the results rolled in on Saturday, he was scheduled to hold a rally in the “Super Tuesday” state of Minnesota.  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise in Washington; Editing by Alistair Bell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10620,Buffett rails against presidential candidates who talk down economy,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Warren Buffett bemoaned the “negative drumbeat” on the U.S. economy from presidential candidates in his annual Berkshire Hathaway Inc shareholder letter on Saturday, saying they are misleading Americans into believing their children will be worse off than they are. “It’s an election year, and candidates can’t stop speaking about our country’s problems (which, of course, only they can solve),” Buffett wrote, italicizing “they” for emphasis. As a result of their dour outlook on the U.S. economy, many Americans now believe that their children will not live as prosperously as they themselves do, the 85-year-old Buffett said. “That view is dead wrong: The babies being born in America today are the luckiest crop in history,” Buffett said. Buffett did not single out any presidential candidates by name. The billionaire in December officially threw his backing behind Hillary Clinton, a Democrat. “During presidential elections where no incumbent is running, both sides who are running for president always say they are the ones to solve the nation’s problems and point out what those problems are,” said Bill Smead, who invests $2.1 billion at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who won New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’s endorsement on Friday, has offered  a bleak assessment of the U.S. economy, repeatedly saying it is in a “bubble” that he hopes will pop before he takes office. “I don’t want to inherit all this stuff,” he has said. In his letter, Buffett said “some commentators bemoan our current 2 percent per year growth” in real gross domestic product, “and, yes, we would all like to see a higher rate.” But he said America’s population is growing about 0.8 percent per year, and that 2 percent GDP growth equates to a 1.2 percent per capita growth rate. “That may not sound impressive,” Buffett said. “But in a single generation of, say, 25 years, that rate of growth leads to a gain of 34.4 percent in real GDP per capita.” Buffett, whose home in Omaha, Nebraska sits on less than an acre, said society has advanced significantly since he grew up during and after the Great Depression. “All families in my upper middle-class neighborhood regularly enjoy a living standard better than that achieved by John D. Rockefeller Sr. at the time of my birth,” he said. “His unparalleled fortune couldn’t buy what we now take for granted, whether the field is – to name just a few – transportation, entertainment, communication or medical services. Rockefeller certainly had power and fame; he could not, however, live as well as my neighbors now do.” All told, Buffett said it is not a good idea to listen to these presidential candidates’ negative outlooks.  “For 240 years it’s been a terrible mistake to bet against America, and now is no time to start,” he said. “America’s golden goose of commerce and innovation will continue to lay more and larger eggs. America’s social security promises will be honored and perhaps made more generous. And, yes, America’s kids will live far better than their parents did.”  (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan and Jonathan Stempel; Editing by Nick Zieminski) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10621,"In hard-bitten rural South Carolina, many minds made up for Clinton","DENMARK, South Carolina (Reuters) - Betty Odom-Bell, a 47-year-old entrepreneur, took a financial risk last year when she opened a restaurant in Denmark, a small town in the middle of a deeply depressed part of rural South Carolina.  So when Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton visited Denmark earlier this month promising to transform the region into a “Corridor of Opportunity,” Odom-Bell felt reassured. “It’s almost like we’re a forgotten town,” she said, describing her surprise at Clinton’s visit to the town of 3,500. “With her, there’s a connection. I don’t have that with Bernie,” she said, referring to Clinton rival Bernie Sanders. Clinton is poised to win big over the U.S. senator from Vermont in South Carolina’s primary contest on Saturday, in part because of her outsized support among the state’s rural black poor - a bloc that Sanders has struggled to impress. Interviews with residents in Bamberg and Allendale counties  show her appeal is not just about the differences in her social policies, or her widespread name recognition. It also results from her up-close campaigning style. Over the past several weeks, she has stumped in parts of the state that are off the beaten-path, reinforcing connections with audiences that stretch back decades, and peppering her speeches with the names of local leaders. Sanders in contrast, has focused his visits on South Carolina’s big cities and universities, rallying large audiences with his self-styled Democratic socialist platform, while relying heavily on surrogates to do his work elsewhere. Plans offered by Sanders to address wealth inequality and improve access to education and healthcare have attracted interest, but many complain they do not feel they know him well enough to vote for him. “Both of them are good candidates, but I’m leaning Hillary,” said Marion Roberts, a 65-year-old retiree having coffee at a fast food restaurant on Allendale’s main street, where many storefronts are shuttered.  “Sanders talks good, but I know more about her.” Allendale County’s 10,000 residents are nearly three-fourths black, and its unemployment rate, at about 9 percent, is nearly double the national average.  About a third of the county’s population lives below the poverty line, making it fertile ground for candidates shopping progressive social policies.  Clinton’s campaign has said South Carolina will act as an early “firewall” against Sanders, who beat her in New Hampshire’s primary and posted strong showings in Iowa and Nevada, but is expected to do worse as the race shifts south.  Nationwide, Sanders has built on his popularity with young and liberal voters to narrow the race to a statistical dead heat. But Clinton still holds a massive 40 percentage point advantage among black Democrats, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. Clinton’s advantage results in part from her husband Bill Clinton’s outreach to black voters during his presidency. Some voters also like that Hillary Clinton has promised to build on President Barack Obama’s agenda. Allendale City Mayor Ronnie Jackson, for example, says he is backing Clinton in part because Allendale, a town of about 3,800, depends on money under an Obama administration stimulus program for impoverished communities. He hopes Clinton would continue the support. “That’s the only way we can survive,” he said. But he also points to differences in the way she and Sanders have campaigned. Sanders supporters have contacted him repeatedly by phone, he said, but he saw Clinton in the flesh at Denmark town hall on Feb. 12, just half an hour away. Over the summer, Clinton also hosted a listening session for local leaders, many from rural areas, and she recently won the endorsement of U.S. congressman Jim Clyburn, the only South Carolina Democrat in the House of Representatives. Sanders, meanwhile, has touted his college civil rights activism, met with black civil rights leaders and hosted an event at a historically black college. Some of those efforts have shown signs of success among young blacks. But his campaigning in rural areas has been mainly by proxy - including a visit on Monday to Allendale by campaigners organized by National Nurses United. Sanders himself moved on to other states in the run up to Saturday’s primary, while Clinton continued to campaign daily there. James Fitts, an 80-year-old Allendale resident, said he likes Clinton’s approach. “She’s been in it a long time.”  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Steve Orlofsky) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10622,Trump's obsession with WW2 generals strikes sour note with historians,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Donald Trump admires the late Douglas MacArthur and George Patton, both World War Two generals. They were winners,  unpredictable, and not especially nice guys, he says in campaign speeches. But Trump’s pledge to imitate their styles sets modern-day military experts on edge.  Although unquestionably in the pantheon of U.S. military heroes, MacArthur and Patton were also controversial figures remembered by historians as flamboyant self-promoters. The commander in the Pacific, MacArthur was eventually fired by President Harry Truman for speaking out against Truman’s policies in the Korean War, which followed World War Two. Before Patton died in December 1945, he questioned the need to remove Nazis from key posts in postwar German politics and society. As Trump edges closer to the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election, he likely will face more pointed questions about the policy ideas behind his sweeping statements. His main Republican rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio have offered far more details about their foreign policy visions as has Hillary Clinton, front-runner for the Democratic nomination. Born in 1946, a year after World War Two ended, Trump often praises MacArthur and Patton for the blunt ways he says they commanded respect. “George Patton was one of the roughest guys, he would talk rough to his men,” Trump told an audience last week in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. “His men would die for him,” Trump added. “We don’t have that anymore.” He said Patton would wipe out Islamic State without hesitation were he still in command.  But military historians and retired generals say Trump has an inflated view of the two military men and especially their relevance to an era of modern warfare when armies rely more on technology and when battle successes and failures and civilian casualties are communicated far more rapidly than when MacArthur and Patton commanded troops 70 years ago. The candidate’s spokeswoman Hope Hicks said Trump made a habit of citing the two World War Two figures to “emphasize the need to strengthen the U.S. military, talk less and do more to protect America.” She declined to comment on the criticisms. She said Trump had consulted military experts, but declined to say how many, who they were or whether they were retired or active. Trump was unavailable for an interview. Interviewed by Reuters, recently retired military personnel voiced doubts about Trump’s grasp of U.S. military operations. One retired four-star general called Trump’s references to Patton and MacArthur “bumper sticker foolishness.” Another said Trump was comparing “apples to oranges” by likening America’s role in World War Two to the fight against Islamic State.  “He has no understanding of how it works, at least in my view,” said an aide to a third retired four-star general. “He makes these bold statements and one-liners, but that doesn’t     translate into understanding what it takes to be a military leader, what it takes to develop a plan.” All three criticized as inflammatory Trump’s recounting, at a Feb. 19 rally in Charleston, South Carolina, of a myth about World War One General John Pershing ordering the execution of alleged Muslim insurgents in the Philippines by shooting them with bullets dipped in pig’s blood, an extra offense to Muslims because Islamic law prohibits the consumption of pork.  Trump often says that in the spirit of MacArthur and Patton, he never wants to reveal his specific plans for military operations, since that would give the enemy a chance to prepare and counterattack. “I don’t want my generals being interviewed,” he said in Myrtle Beach.  Trump’s statement had an irony about it, given his oft-repeated comment that he knows what military experts have to say from their interviews on television. But historians said the comment also showed he has little understanding of just how often MacArthur and Patton spoke to the press.  “They were the media whores of their time,” said Daniel Drezner, a professor at International politics at the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts University who often writes on national security. He said anyone vaguely familiar with Patton by way of the 1970 George C. Scott film “Patton” would know he got into trouble for remarks that were politically controversial. ",1
10623,Trump's march stirs growing sense of dread among U.S. Republicans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republicans in Washington are coming to grips with what many of them not long ago considered an unimaginable reality: Donald Trump is likely to be their presidential nominee and standard-bearer. The prospect of Trump winning the Republican primary had been the stuff of Washington jokes, whispered hallway conversations and eye-rolls, even as he led in public opinion polls for months and dominated debate after debate. But with the brash billionaire now winning three straight contests in New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada, denial is giving way to a mostly gloomy acceptance that he may have too much momentum to be stopped, especially if wins big in key Southern primaries next week that look favorable to him. “It fills all of us with concern and dread,” said Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, who has endorsed fellow Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, considered the main hope of the Republican establishment to derail Trump’s march to the nomination. That march was given a boost on Friday when New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, a Republican presidential candidate who dropped out of the race after a dismal finish in New Hampshire, became the first major establishment Republican to endorse Trump. “There is no better fighter than Donald Trump,” Christie said at a news conference with Trump in Texas. Trump has vowed to scrap U.S. trade deals, slap a tariff on imported goods and raise taxes on hedge-fund managers, as well as retain some sort of mandate to purchase health insurance - clashing with the free-market principles that have long underpinned Republican economic policy.  Some Republicans in Congress, such as Flake and Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, said a Trump nomination would do enormous damage to the party and predicted a heavy election defeat in November to the eventual Democratic nominee. “I am like on the team that bought a ticket on the Titanic after we saw the movie,” said Graham, contending that Trump would be “slaughtered” in the general election.  In a Republican presidential debate in Houston on Thursday night, another Trump rival, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, challenged him on his electability, citing ties to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton such as a donation to the Clinton Foundation. Trump responded by ridiculing Cruz for his inability to win more than the early voting state of Iowa and taunted him for being behind the billionaire in opinion polls in Cruz’s home state of Texas. Said Trump, “If I can’t beat her, you’re really gonna get killed, aren’t you?” Another Rubio supporter, Representative Carlos Curbelo of Florida, told Reuters he would not back Trump if he were the nominee. “If the nominee is a fraud, and someone who’s offensive, and incapable of being an effective president like Donald Trump, I won’t support him,” Curbelo said.  Other Republicans tried to be more optimistic.  “I don’t think his nomination would be catastrophic,” said Senator Susan Collins of Maine. She said she did not believe, as some strategists fear, that having Trump on the ballot in November would hurt Republican chances for holding onto control of the Senate, where the party currently has a 54-46 edge. Conservative economist Arthur Laffer, an adviser to former President Ronald Reagan who has been counseling Trump on tax policy, said he was convinced the real estate mogul was open to sound advice. Laffer recalled Trump telling him: “‘Look, if you’ve got a better idea than I’ve got, tell me, and I’ll change.’” Senator John Thune of South Dakota suggested Trump’s presence could help by bringing more voters to the polls.  “There’s a lot of energy, a lot of intensity on our side,”  Thune said.  Privately, lobbyists, economists, and analysts expressed deep concern about having Trump, who has proposed building a wall along the southern U.S. border and imposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country, as the face of the party.  “There are a lot of people who are really freaked out,” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who was the chief economic policy advisor to 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain. “He seems to be winging it.”  Conservative policy-makers worry that Trump’s pitch to voters is based on his management skills rather than conservative principles.  Juleanna Glover, a prominent Republican communications consultant, told Reuters that Trump’s ascent “spells the death of the party’s sentient and cohesive governing framework.” Two Republican business lobbyists, who also asked to remain unidentified, told Reuters that they are very concerned about Trump, chiefly because they do not know what he stands for.  They said they have no sense of certainty because Trump’s positions on issues such as tax, trade, and regulation range from being only vaguely understood to completely unknown.  By vowing to make America “win” again abroad while going into little detail on his foreign policy plans, Trump is also stirring concern in Washington national security circles.  A high-ranking official at a conservative think-tank, who spoke on condition of anonymity because his job requires him to steer clear of partisan politics, said: “Every serious student of American strategy is sick to their stomach about the possibility of Trump being the Republican nominee.”  Robert Kagan, a conservative foreign relations expert at the Brookings Institution think tank, said in a column for the Washington Post on Thursday that he would vote for Clinton rather than Trump. “The party cannot be saved, but the country still can be,” he wrote. Paul Ryan, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and a leading voice on conservative economic policy, was asked Thursday whether he could work with someone like Trump if he became the nominee.  “We’ll cross these bridges when we get to it,” Ryan said. “But I do believe that we will be able to unify as a party.” Asked about the hand-wringing in the Republican establishment about Trump, his campaign manger, Corey Lewandowski, said, “Look, we’ve got relationships with those guys and we talk to them all the time.  “But I think what you find is that, you know, politics as usual in Washington, D.C., is not something that the American people want,” he said. Lewandowski added that voters “sent a very clear message” in the three early voting states where Trump won nominating contests “that they want someone who is going to make fundamental change.” Asked if Trump’s campaign would work harder to win establishment endorsements as he got closer to the nomination, Lewandowski pointed to former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, an early establishment favorite who quit the race on Saturday. “If endorsements mattered,” he said, “Jeb Bush would be the nominee.”  (Reporting by Susan Cornwell, Richard Cowan, Kevin Drawbaugh, Jason Lange, Arshad Mohammed, David Morgan, James Oliphant,  Matt Spetalnick and Emily Stephenson; Writing by James Oliphant; Editing by Stuart Grudgings and Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10624,Michigan governor's aides urged switch away from Flint River,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Quality problems prompted two of Michigan Governor Rick Snyder’s top lawyers to urge that Flint be moved back to the Detroit water system just months after a decision to draw water supply from the Flint River, according to emails released on Friday. Several critics have called for Snyder to resign over concerns about the state’s poor handling of the crisis, and the governor said Friday he felt regret every day.  Flint switched its water supply from Detroit to the Flint River in April 2014 in a bid to cut costs when the city was under a state-appointed emergency manager.  While the city switched its water source back to Detroit in October 2015, corrosive water from the river had already leached lead from city pipes, posing a serious threat to public health. Snyder’s aides discussed Flint’s water quality problems as early as autumn 2014, with one calling the situation “downright scary,” about a year before the switch back to the Detroit system was finally made. The Detroit Free Press and Detroit News earlier reported about the emails, which were released by the governor’s office. “That’s where I’m kicking myself every day,” Snyder said after signing a $30 million supplemental bill to reimburse Flint residents for their water bills. “I wish I would have asked more questions.”       Snyder, scheduled to testify to Congress on March 17, has repeatedly apologized for the state’s poor handling of the crisis.  Liberal group Progress Michigan again called for Snyder to resign, citing the emails. “There’s no reasonable person who can believe at this point that every top adviser to Rick Snyder knew that there was an issue, but Snyder knew nothing,” said executive director Lonnie Scott, who also called for Snyder’s resignation. Valerie Brader, Snyder’s senior policy adviser, addressed problems over the quality of Flint River water in an email to the governor’s chief of staff, Dennis Muchmore, and others on Oct. 14, 2014.  She argued Flint should be returned to the Detroit water system, citing bacterial contamination and reduced quality that prompted General Motors to switch away from the river due to rusted car parts. Michael Godola, then the governor’s legal counsel, responded, calling the Flint River as a water source “downright scary.” On Friday, State Representative Sheldon Neeley of Flint asked Attorney General Bill Schuette for his legal opinion on whether an official withholding information that leads to death or harm can be charged criminally.",1
10625,Clinton deflects calls to release Wall Street speech transcripts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton defended her paid speeches to Wall Street, saying in an interview that aired on Friday that they would not soften her campaign pledges for tougher regulation.  The former U.S. Senator from New York and secretary of state is under pressure from rival candidate Bernie Sanders, who has made her Wall Street ties a top campaign issue and called for her to release transcripts of her remarks. Clinton was reportedly paid millions in appearance fees after leaving the State Department. Asked whether she could assure U.S. voters that the speeches would not undermine her calls to rein in the financial industry, Clinton told MSNBC: “Absolutely.” “I’m on the public record. I told them what I’m going to do. I said I’m going to go after big banks that pose a systemic risk. I want you to hold me accountable for that because I will do that exactly,” she told the network’s “Morning Joe” program.  The New York Times, in an editorial late on Thursday, urged Clinton to release the transcripts, saying “voters have every right to know what Mrs. Clinton told these groups.” According to the paper, Clinton earned $11 million in 2014 and the first quarter of 2015 from 51 speeches to banks and other groups and industries. Clinton has said she will release copies of her remarks when other presidential candidates do the same.  On Friday, she said President Barack Obama’s fundraising from Wall Street had not prevented him from enacting Dodd-Frank financial services reforms after the 2007-2009 financial crisis.  Clinton reiterated her position that regulations must go farther, saying, “Dodd-Frank is great. It gives us a foundation. It doesn’t go far enough. We need to look at these other entities that pose systemic risks, as well.” As far as so-called unwinding of banks that pose a risk, she added: “We’re going to do in an orderly way so there will not be any surprises.”  Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is vying with Clinton for the Democratic nomination in the November presidential election. “I do not receive many millions of dollars from Wall Street or the pharmaceutical industry or other powerful, wealthy interests in this country, and have not given speeches for hundreds of thousands of dollars to Wall Street,” Sanders told a Chicago rally on Thursday, the Washington Post reported. The next Democratic nominating contest is on Saturday in South Carolina.   (Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10626,U.S. Supreme Court justice candidate list still open: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday that more candidates could be added to its list of potential nominees to fill the Supreme Court vacancy caused by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. “We are still in a position where the list is not closed at this point,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters during a briefing. “There are still people being considered for inclusion on the list of people that the president may consider for filling a Supreme Court vacancy.” The White House has not officially revealed its list of potential picks to replace Scalia. Earnest said he did not expect a nominee would be named before President Barack Obama meets with congressional leaders at the White House on Tuesday to discuss the matter. Scalia’s death left the court with four conservative and four liberal justices, meaning that Obama’s nominee could tip the balance of the court to the left for the first time in decades. Republicans, who control the Senate, have said the seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office next January so voters could have a say in the selection when they choose a new president in the Nov. 8 election. But Obama has vowed to press ahead with nominating a justice. Earnest said the White House would seek the help of former administration officials to coordinate outside activist groups in the fight over filling the vacancy. The New York Times first reported on Friday that the administration was recruiting former Obama adviser Stephanie Cutter and former White House director of legislative affairs Katie Beirne Fallon to help in its campaign. “We are going to draw on their contacts, and on the work they’re doing outside the administration to help us make the case, and organize the effort around the president’s constitutional responsibility to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court,” Earnest said.",1
10627,"Trump wins Christie backing, marches toward Super Tuesday","FORT WORTH, Texas (Reuters) - Republican candidate Donald Trump on Friday won the surprise endorsement of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the most prominent mainstream Republican to get behind the former reality TV star’s White House campaign. Christie said the billionaire front-runner has the best chance of beating Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election - although Clinton has yet to secure her party’s nomination.  The endorsement gives Trump a further lift before next week’s Super Tuesday nominating contests. It comes just a day after he took a battering from his two main rivals at a televised Republican debate.  Trump’s unorthodox candidacy has stirred controversy and shaken the Republican Party at its roots, but an increasing number of senior Republicans are becoming resigned to the idea he will be their candidate in November.      Trump is “rewriting the playbook,” said Christie, 53, who until two weeks ago was himself a rival for the Republican nomination. Christie dropped out after failing to muster much support for his candidacy.     Trump, 69, who has never held public office, has campaigned as a political outsider. He is riding a wave of voter anger at the slow economic recovery, illegal immigration and what he says is America’s diminishing role in the world.     “The best person to beat Hillary Clinton in November on that stage last night is undoubtedly Donald Trump,” Christie told a news conference on Friday, a day after the last Republican candidates’ debate before Super Tuesday. The debate marked a new, more aggressive approach for U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, 44, who has emerged as the Republican establishment’s challenger to Trump. The other main challenger at the debate was U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Trump has unsettled mainstream Republicans by winning three straight nominating contests - in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada. Polls show he is likely to win big in key primaries on Tuesday. “Since I started this whole thing I’ve been practically Number 1,” Trump said on Friday at a rally in Texas.  The 11 Republican nominating contests on Tuesday have a total of almost 600 delegates at stake, and could set Trump up to clinch the presidential nomination. Reuters/Ipsos polling data on Friday showed Trump ahead nationally in the Republican race with support at 44.2 percent, followed by Cruz at 20.7 percent and Rubio in third place at 14 percent.     On the Democratic side, former Secretary of State Clinton is battling U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Clinton and Sanders have been in a dead head over the past week, the Reuters/Ipsos data shows. Trump has vowed to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border to halt illegal immigration, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and promised to take a tough stance on trade against China.   He was combative at a rally on Friday. He mocked Rubio, referred to violent Islamist militants as “these animals” and promised to defend Americans’ constitutional right to bear arms. “We’re going to build up our military, we’re going to knock out ISIS. We’re going to knock out ISIS fast,” he said, referring to the Islamic State militant group.  Wielding a water bottle as a prop, Trump made fun of Rubio for an awkward incident in which the senator grabbed for a drink of water off camera during an important televised speech in 2013.  Rubio and Cruz ganged up on Trump at Thursday’s debate in Houston in a last-ditch bid to keep him from winning in states on Super Tuesday.      Rubio on Friday again took aim at Trump. “He’s a con man who’s taking advantage of people’s fears and anxieties about the future, portraying himself as some sort of strong guy,” Rubio told reporters in Oklahoma. “He’s not a strong guy. He’s never faced real adversity before.” PredictWise, a research project that analyzes opinion polls and betting markets, said Trump would comfortably win among Republicans in all but one of the 11 Super Tuesday states that it measured. Cruz, 45, is likely to win in his home state of Texas, PredictWise said. Rubio’s home state of Florida is not part of the Super Tuesday contests. PredictIt, based out of Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, on Friday gave Trump a 73 percent chance of winning the nomination compared with a peak 75 percent chance two days earlier.      Trump’s swipes at rival candidates and heated exchanges with journalists and others have for months bolstered his standing in nominating contests and opinion polls.  In a post on Twitter, Trump took aim at Rubio, a first-term senator, for his debate performance. “Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a chocker (sic)! Mr. Meltdown.”   Republican strategist Doug Heye said Christie may have opened the door for more mainstream Republican endorsements of a man whose chances of winning the White House were seen as next to nil a year ago.     “If you’re the Trump campaign this is obviously very good news and it gives permission for others to endorse. But it also makes it hard (for Trump) to make the outsider argument,” he said.   Glenn Hubbard, who had been an adviser to the campaign of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and was chair of the Council of Economic Advisers during the George H.W. Bush administration, said he planned to keep up steady criticism of Trump on economic issues.  “I think it is time for serious people to stand up and be counted. The next few weeks come very quickly,” said Hubbard, who published a column in the Boston Globe on Friday criticizing Trump.  Hubbard, now dean of the business school at Columbia University, told Reuters he worried Trump’s comments already hurt the country’s image abroad and would hobble his ability to govern if elected.  (Additional reporting by Steve Holland, Clarece Polke, Howard Schneider and Susan Heavey in Washington and Melissa Fares and Chris Kahn in New York; Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Howard Goller and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10628,Federal judge being considered for US Supreme Court nomination: Law Journal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ketanji Brown Jackson, a federal trial judge in Washington, is being considered to fill the vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, the National Law Journal reported on Friday, citing a lawyer who was contacted as part of the vetting process. The unidentified lawyer was contacted this week and was asked about Jackson’s tenure on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia in the context of her being a potential nominee for the Supreme Court, the Journal said. The lawyer described the conversation, which lasted less than 30 minutes, as a “preliminary inquiry,” the Journal reported. The White House did not respond immediately to a request for comment on the Journal story. President Barack Obama is expected to announce a nominee in the next several weeks to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13. Scalia’s death left the court with four liberals and four conservatives, and Republican leaders in the Senate have vowed to block anyone Obama nominates. The Senate must confirm the nominee. Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval, a moderate Republican, took himself out of consideration for appointment to the Supreme Court this week after his name surfaced as a possible nominee. If nominated and confirmed Jackson, 45, would be the first African-American woman on the Supreme Court. She was confirmed to the federal district court in Washington in March 2013. During her confirmation hearing, she received support from U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who is related to her by marriage, the Journal reported. Jackson’s husband, Patrick Jackson, is the twin brother of Ryan’s brother-in-law William Jackson. Jackson served as a federal public defender in Washington and then at a law firm. In 2010, she was appointed to the U.S. Sentencing Commission. ",1
10629,Trump and Christie laid foundation of their alliance years ago,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The political alliance sealed on Friday between Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was more than a decade in the making, the culmination of the two men’s repeatedly crossing paths. Christie, a former rival for the Republican nomination for president, endorsed Trump at a surprise news conference in Fort Worth, Texas, giving the front-runner a lift ahead of the March 1 Super Tuesday nominating contests. Christie, a former federal prosecutor, told reporters his endorsement was not part of any deal that would land him a position, such as U.S. attorney general, in a possible Trump administration. Trump, 69, and Christie, 53, have been friendly dinner companions and have operated professionally in the same state. Christie has been one of New Jersey’s top political figures since 2001 and Trump has been a major employer and real-estate developer in the state beginning in the 1980s when he began to run casinos in Atlantic City, the New Jersey seaside resort that had fallen on hard times and was being remade as a sort of Las Vegas of the East Coast. The close geographic ties differentiate Christie from politicians who operate farther from Trump’s base in New York City, said Ben Dworkin, director of the Rebovich Institute for New Jersey Politics at Rider University. “They were bound to cross paths and come to know each other,” Dworkin said. Trump sat in the front pew at a Catholic Mass celebrating Christie’s swearing-in for his first term as New Jersey’s governor in January 2010. “He’s going to be a great governor, which New Jersey could use. He will go down as the best governor there is,” Trump told reporters, according to the Press of Atlantic City. Trump’s sister, Maryanne Trump Barry, a federal appeals court judge, introduced the two in 2002, according to The Record of Bergen County. Christie was named the state’s chief federal prosecutor in 2001 by President George W. Bush. The Trumps and the Christies have often had dinner together, where Trump would do all the talking, according to “American Governor,” a Christie biography written by Matt Katz and published in January. Christie attended Trump’s 2005 wedding, to his current wife, Melania, where Christie met Bill and Hillary Clinton, according to the book. The Christie-Trump relationship, “if anything, would be socializing with big important people. They’re both collectors,” said Rutgers University senior policy fellow Marc Pfeiffer. As Christie sought to build his national profile, Trump helped. Trump gave $250,000 to the Republican Governors Association in 2014 when Christie was its head, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit that maintains a database of political donations. Representatives of Trump’s casinos lobbied Christie as early as 1996 when Christie was a little-own local officeholder in Morris County, according to the Star-Ledger. The newspaper reported at the time that the county board of freeholders was considering a highway project that would affect Trump’s casinos in Atlantic City. Trump founded Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc and ran casinos in Atlantic City beginning in the 1980s. He resigned as chairman before the company filed for bankruptcy protection in 2009, about a year before Christie became governor and took on a larger role in the city’s struggles.  Trump Entertainment Resorts emerged from Chapter 11 reorganization in July 2010, with Trump acquiring a smaller stake in the company. It now runs one Atlantic City casino, the Trump Taj Mahal. Christie’s biggest push for development in Atlantic City was to support the Revel casino project. The Revel opened in 2012, well after Trump had reduced his holdings in Atlantic City. It closed in 2014.  Trump’s presence in New Jersey could extend well beyond his career or friendship with Christie. According to media reports, he plans to be buried in the state at a private cemetery at one of his golf courses after he dies.  (Reporting by David Ingram and Hilary Russ in New York; Additional reporting by Megan Davies and Jarrett Renshaw in New York and Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10630,"Trump backing from Christie opens access to donors, mainstream advisers","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s endorsement from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie opens up a wide network of donors, advisers and prominent elected officials whom the billionaire has not yet been able to attract to his unorthodox bid for the Republican presidential nomination. As Trump tries to lock up the Republican nomination on Super Tuesday, Christie advisers and supporters told Reuters in interviews that he could bring much-needed financial and strategic backing.  Christie’s backing demonstrates that Trump will be able to bring establishment politicians into the fold, that he could raise the money necessary for a general election campaign and build a staffing operation that can rival a Democratic nominee.      The nod from Christie comes at a critical moment. On Tuesday, 11 states will vote and if Trump is able to win all or most of them, he could pull so far ahead in the competition for delegates that none of his rivals will be able to catch him. In an interview with Reuters, Christie supporter Finn Wentworth, a real estate investor and former head of the company that owns the New York Yankees, New Jersey Nets and New Jersey Devils, said he is now seriously considering backing Trump. “I am a long-time supporter of Governor Christie. In that process, I have learned to respect his opinion and his judgment,” Wentworth said. “He’s a results-oriented person, and frankly I am now looking at Donald Trump because of Governor Christie’s endorsement today.” Maine Governor Paul LePage, who had backed Christie initially, quickly followed in the New Jersey governor’s footsteps and got behind Trump - making him the second sitting governor to endorse the New York real estate mogul. Maine votes on March 5.  A senior Christie aide told Reuters he believes staff could move to the Trump campaign in the coming weeks, helping the Republican front-runner in his fledgling efforts to build a circle of advisers who could form the core of his general election campaign should he clinch the nomination. Wentworth said part of his decision-making process is that he is now convinced it is inevitable that Trump will clinch the Republican nomination. Dale Florio, a donor to Christie, said he, along with others, has a call scheduled with the New Jersey governor later on Friday. “If he says, I’d like you guys to support Donald Trump, I’ll be there for him,” Florio said. Trump has thus far avoided traditional fundraising. However, more than half of his campaign spending in 2015 was covered by money raised through the sale of his “Make America Great Again” hats and T-shirts, even though he told his supporters not to write donation checks. But as a nominee, that position may be impossible to stick to, especially if Clinton is the Democratic nominee and she is able to build a sizable arsenal. Christie’s endorsement could have the power to bring more establishment-aligned officials and donors into Trump’s camp. Christie could also serve as a surrogate fundraiser. Christie is no stranger to the nation’s top Republican donors. In 2014, he served as the head of the Republican Governors Association, a role that largely consists of traveling the nation and raising money for Republican gubernatorial candidates. Christie was one of the most successful heads the organization has ever seen. Rob Gray, a Republican strategist who had been advising Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor who dropped out of the race last Saturday, called the endorsement a “stunning surprise.”  “Christie’s endorsement is an indicator to me Trump is starting to mainstream his candidacy and that he’ll be able to attract a lot of mainstream experienced political leaders’ support if he gets the nomination,” Gray said. “I wasn’t as sure before this.” The biggest boost Christie may have offered Trump was a distraction from the coverage of Marco Rubio’s Thursday night debate performance and increased scrutiny in some of his business endeavors, like Trump University, a defunct venture that offered real estate investing seminars and which is currently the target of lawsuits. Both Rubio and Ted Cruz, Trump’s two biggest challengers, battered away at Trump in Thursday’s televised debate - the last before Super Tuesday. “I’m sure Rubio and Cruz at the very least had things that they wanted to do today to follow up from their narrative last night and this kind of sucked the air out,” said Tom Rath, who is advising the campaign of Ohio Governor John Kasich. ",1
10631,Trump being advised by ex-U.S. Lieutenant General who favors closer Russia ties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump is receiving foreign policy advice from a former U.S. military intelligence chief who wants the United States to work more closely with Russia to resolve global security issues, according to three sources. The sources, former foreign policy officials in past administrations, said retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who was chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama from 2012-2014, has been informally advising Trump.     Trump, who is leading the Republican race to be the party’s presidential candidate in November’s election, said earlier this month that he would soon release a list of his foreign policy advisers, but has yet to do so. The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment about Flynn.     Flynn declined to comment when asked by Reuters whether he is advising Trump. Asked to describe his views about ties with Russia, he referred Reuters to his public statements.     The question of who has been advising Trump on national security issues has become more pertinent as prospects that the New York real estate mogul will secure the Republican nomination, possibly within weeks, have increased. Trump won the surprise endorsement of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on Friday, the most prominent mainstream Republican to come on board.     Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who won popularity for his handling of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has also been in regular contact with Trump, said a former top aide to Giuliani.     A close associate of Flynn said that Trump was not the only presidential hopeful who had consulted the former DIA chief.  “He responds to one and all but is not working for any one,” the associate said.     Trump has struck a notably different stance on Russia from his main rivals for the nomination, calling President Vladimir Putin “highly respected” and advocating a warming of now icy bilateral ties.      Other Republican candidates have frequently taken to bashing Putin and have cited his military interventions in Ukraine and Syria as evidence that President Barack Obama has been weak in standing up to the Russian leader.         Trump has vowed to destroy Islamic State and to undertake an aggressive rebuilding of the U.S. military, but has signaled more flexibility than his rivals on some issues - for example, by not vowing to tear up the Obama administration’s nuclear deal with Iran.     Flynn resigned from his position as the head of the Pentagon’s main intelligence agency a year before his term was officially due to end.     Flynn raised eyebrows among some U.S. foreign policy veterans when he was pictured sitting at the head table with Putin at a banquet in Moscow late last year celebrating Russia Today, an international broadcasting network funded by the Russian government.     His son Michael G. Flynn, who acts as his chief of staff, declined comment on the banquet and on the reasons for his father’s departure from the Pentagon.     Flynn told Russia Today in an interview published on Dec. 10 that the United States and Russia should work together to resolve the Syrian civil war and defeat Islamic State.      The Obama administration has protested Russia’s military intervention on behalf of Syrian President Bashir al-Assad, accusing Moscow of hitting opposition forces rather than ISIS.     “Right now we have essentially the U.S. strategy and we have a Russian strategy in the region that does not appear to be in line with each other. And I think we have to step back and try to figure out how do we align those,” Flynn told Russia Today.          Flynn was also quoted this month as telling German magazine Der Spiegel that the Iraq war launched in 2003 by then-President George W. Bush was a mistake that gave rise to Islamic State. Trump has often strongly condemned the Iraq invasion.     A former U.S. intelligence official who worked with Flynn said the retired general believes in a more aggressive approach to U.S. interests around the world.     “He’s a sharp guy, he understands foreign policy and national security and really understands intelligence,” said the official. “His positions and opinions are not always in line with popular thinking.”  Giuliani’s office did not respond to a request for comment on his relationship with Trump. Randy Mastro, a New York lawyer who was a deputy mayor in Giuliani’s New York City administration, said Giuliani has  close ties to Trump. “I know that Rudy and Donald Trump have a long-standing relationship and personal friendship that goes back many years, and they do speak to each other on a regular basis,” said Mastro.  (Editing by Stuart Grudgings and Martin Howell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10632,Virginia governor signs gun law compromise measures,"(Reuters) - Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe on Friday signed compromise gun legislation that recognizes concealed-carry permits from all states while making it illegal for someone under a permanent protective order to possess a firearm. McAuliffe, a Democrat, struck the deal with the Republican-controlled legislature last month. Some lawmakers and gun rights groups had objected to Attorney General Keith Herring’s decision in December to stop honoring concealed-handgun permits from 25 states. “Virginians elect their leaders to work together to get things done, and today I am proud to say we did just that,” McAuliffe said in a statement. McAuliffe, a former Democratic National Committee chairman, called the package the biggest step forward on gun safety in more than two decades. Under the new laws, Virginia must recognize concealed-handgun permits from all other states, a rollback of Herring’s stance. Virginia can confiscate firearms from anyone who is under a permanent protective order for domestic violence offenses. The legislature had rejected such measures for years. Virginia State Police also will attend gun shows to provide voluntary background checks for private sellers. Because of the compromise, McAuliffe has come under criticism from gun control advocates, including Everytown for Gun Safety, the organization founded by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Everytown for Gun Safety had poured money last year into Virginia, the home of the National Rifle Association gun lobby, in a failed bid to have Democrats take control of the state Senate. Reacting to McAuliffe’s approval of the legislation, the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence praised the domestic abuse provision as a step in the right direction. But it said the concealed-carry law would let Virginians who are not eligible for a permit to circumvent it by getting a permit from another state and then carry a gun in Virginia. “In addition to the public safety concerns, this new approach sends a terrible message that Virginia is unwilling to enforce its own laws,” the group said. ",1
10633,"Obama, at battery plant, jabs Republicans on economic 'snake oil'","JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama used a trip to a lithium-ion battery factory on Friday to defend his economic record against arguments made by Republicans in the race to succeed him after the Nov. 8 presidential election. Obama said his policies, including the $760 billion economic stimulus he brought in when he first took office, helped the American economy bounce back from the 2007-2009 recession that he inherited much faster than European nations that adopted austerity measures. “If we don’t recognize the progress we’ve made and how that came about, then we may chase some snake oil and end up having policies that get us back in the swamp,” Obama told workers at the plant built by French company Saft with $95.5 million from the stimulus. “We knew that it’s going to take more than one year or even one president to get to where we need to go, but we can see real tangible evidence of what a new economy looks like. It looks like this facility right here.” The Saft plant, which opened in 2011, created almost 300 jobs in the region but has struggled with sluggish demand for lithium-ion batteries. The French company had to take a writedown and its chief executive has said it would probably take two to three years to become profitable. Obama acknowledged the pace of changes in the economy has been “scary sometimes.” Those economic fears have helped propel the campaign of Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman who is the front-runner in the race to be the Republican candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Florida, home to Republican presidential candidate Senator Marco Rubio, is critical to both the March 15 primary vote and the general election that follows. Obama brought Democratic U.S. Representative Patrick Murphy from Florida with him on the trip. Murphy is running for Rubio’s Senate seat. Stimulus investments to advanced battery makers were panned by Republican lawmakers after A123 Systems, a lithium-ion battery maker, went bankrupt in 2012 and was bought by Chinese auto parts maker Wanxiang. Battery maker LG Chem came under fire after a 2013 Energy Department Inspector General report found that the company used some of its funding for a Michigan battery plant to pay employees to watch movies, volunteer at non-profits and play games because there was little work for them to do. But Obama said the stimulus helped America compete in the global race to boost solar and wind power. “Taxpayers are getting their money back, and some,” he said.  (Reporting by Roberta Rampton and Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Bill Trott) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10634,IRS identifies more cyberattacks to access tax data,"(Reuters) - The Internal Revenue Service said on Friday an investigation into a hacking attack revealed in May found that cyber criminals had made attempts to gain access to about 390,000 additional taxpayer accounts. The tax agency said 295,000 taxpayer transcripts were also targeted but access was not successful. (1.usa.gov/1Lj1iRA) The agency said in May the tax return information of about 114,000 U.S. taxpayers had been illegally accessed by cyber criminals over the preceding four months, with another 111,000 unsuccessful attempts made. The IRS then revealed in August a new review had identified 220,000 additional incidents where data was breached and another 170,000 suspected failed attempts to gain access to taxpayer data. From February to May, attackers had sought to gain access to personal tax information through the agency’s “Get Transcript” online application, which calls up information from previous returns, the tax collection agency said in May. The nine-month long review, which looked into incidents dating back to the launch of the “Get Transcript” application in January 2014 through May 2015, was conducted by Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the IRS said on Friday. The “Get Transcript” web application has been offline since the incident was discovered, the agency said on Friday, adding that mailings to the affected taxpayers will start on Feb. 29. CNN reported in May that the IRS believed that the data theft originated in Russia.    ",1
10635,"Ohio mayor pleads guilty to corruption charges, remains in office","CLEVELAND (Reuters) - The mayor of Youngstown, Ohio, on Friday accepted a plea agreement on multiple political corruption charges involving a property deal made while he was a county commissioner in the area, the state’s Attorney General’s office said. Mayor John McNally, a Democrat, pleaded guilty to four misdemeanor counts including unlawful influence of a public official, said Daniel Tierney, spokesman for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine. Youngstown is a city of 67,000 people about 65 miles southeast of Cleveland. The plea allows McNally, who was elected mayor in 2014, to stay in office. The conspiracy, bribery and perjury charges stem from his nine years as Mahoning County commissioner starting in 2005 until he was elected mayor.  Under Ohio law, a felony conviction bars anyone from holding most public offices for seven years. Prosecutors said McNally was part of a scheme to inflate the cost of moving the Mahoning County jobs and family services office from a rental property to benefit a local business owner.  McNally had previously been indicted on similar charges in 2010. The charges were dismissed, but the judge ruled they could be filed again at a later date. Former Mahoning County auditor Michael Sciortino and Youngstown attorney Martin Yavorcik along with McNally were part of an 83-count indictment brought in 2014 by the Ohio Attorney General’s office alleging a pattern of corruption.  Sciortino, also a Democrat, pleaded guilty to one felony count and two misdemeanor charges including receiving or soliciting improper compensation.  Sentencing for McNally and Sciortino is scheduled for March 28 in Cuyahoga County courthouse, in downtown Cleveland. McNally faces a maximum 18 months in prison, Sciortino faces a maximum of 2-1/2 years, Tierney said. In addition to the plea in a Cuyahoga County court, Sciortino agreed to plead guilty to one felony and one misdemeanor in Mahoning County court at a later date, Tierney said.  Prosecutors said Sciortino is accused of tampering with records to inflate the cost of moving the county jobs office.  Yavorcik accepted political contributions as a candidate for prosecutor in exchange for a promise to stop investigations into wrongdoing by county officials, according to the indictment. His trial is scheduled for March 14 in Cuyahoga County. ",1
10636,Trump vows to 'open up' libel laws if elected,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump said on Friday that if elected he would “open up” libel laws to make suing the media easier. Speaking at a rally in Fort Worth, Texas, Trump said the change was necessary to combat what he described as the “dishonesty” of major American newspapers. Trump routinely criticizes the press during campaign appearances, complaining about coverage he says is unfair and at times singling out people or news outlets for special insults. He often invites audiences at his rallies to boo the journalists gathered in a special fenced-off part of the room. At a Dec. 23 appearance in Grand Rapids, Michigan, he joked about killing journalists as the crowd thundered applause. “One of the things I’m going to do if I win,” he said on Friday, “I’m going to open up our libel law so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money.” Trump mentioned the New York Times and the Washington Post specifically and added: “With me they’re not protected. We’re going to have people sue like you’ve never been sued before.” The New York businessman is leading in national polls and in most statewide polls of likely Republican voters ahead of a dozen primary contests taking place on Tuesday, a day dubbed “Super Tuesday” for its importance to the U.S. presidential primary process. Trump has sued journalists in the past and his representatives have not infrequently threatened to sue reporters seeking comment. In January, the Post published a story about Trump’s management of the Trump Taj Mahal, a casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, that went bankrupt. In an interview published in the story on Jan. 18, Trump told the Post reporter: “If you write this one, I’m suing you.”  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson and Susan Heavey, writing by Emily Flitter; Editing by Richard Chang and Steve Orlofsky) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10637,Ousted Michigan lawmakers face felony charges for affair cover-up,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Two former Michigan representatives forced out of the state legislature last fall for a scheme to cover up their extramarital affair face felony charges of misconduct and related counts, officials said on Friday. Todd Courser, who resigned from his seat in Lapeer County, was charged with three counts of misconduct while in office, each of which carries a five year prison term, as well as a perjury charge, which has a 15-year sentence, according to the Michigan attorney general’s office. Cindy Gamrat, who was removed from her Allegan County seat, faces two charges of misconduct while in office. Warrants have been served for both former lawmakers. “We are demonstrating to the citizens of Michigan that no one is above the law, not even those who walk in the hall of power,” Attorney General Bill Schuette told reporters. Schuette’s office and Michigan State Police launched an investigation into the two disgraced lawmakers last fall. Schuette said on Friday that Courser and Gamrat both lied to investigators, and that Courser asked his staff to send out false emails to cover up the extramarital affair. Courser had devised a plan to distribute an email falsely claiming he had sex with a male prostitute, according to the Detroit News. That claim, Courser said, would have blunted the political impact of an actual affair if it had come out. He was charged with perjury for allegedly lying while giving testimony to a House committee, Schuette’s office said. Both won seats in 2014 as Tea Party conservatives and devout Christians. They tried to regain their seats last year, but lost in the Republican primary. Courser and Gamrat were not immediately available for comment on Friday. ",1
10638,State Department says to complete release of Clinton emails by Monday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The State Department expects to complete the release of emails of Hillary Clinton from her time as secretary of state by Monday, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said on Friday. He told a news briefing that about 1,500 pages of emails will be made available at 6 p.m. EST (2300 GMT), and the department expects to complete the release of emails on Monday.  (Reporting by Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Tom Brown) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10639,Trumps says expects 2012 Republican nominee Romney to back Rubio,"FORT WORTH, Texas (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Friday he expects his party’s 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney, to back his rival Senator Marco Rubio, and that he would not even accept Romney’s support if offered. “If he wanted to support me, I probably would not accept his support,” Trump told a rally of supporters.  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10640,Exclusive: Super PACs backing Republican Cruz buy $2.4 million in ads in eight states,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Making a final push toward the crucial Super Tuesday vote, Super PACs backing Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz bought $2.4 million in advertising supporting him in eight states, the groups told Reuters.  The ads purchased by Keep The Promise and its various offshoots include radio, television and online and are the latest effort by supporters of Cruz, a U.S. senator of Texas, to dislodge Donald Trump from the front-runner position in Tuesday’s critical 11-state Republican nominating contests. Should Trump sweep the contests, it could make stopping his path to the Republican nomination impossible. The outside groups supporting the presidential candidates have already spent more than $5.5 million on advertising in Super Tuesday states, according to analysis by Reuters of the spending reports filed with Federal Election Commission as of Friday morning.  Super PACs are permitted to raise unlimited amounts of money from individuals and corporations, but are prohibited from coordinating with the campaigns they are supporting. Most of the Super PACs have been used to fund expensive advertising budgets, while the campaigns themselves are responsible for staff and ground organization. Cruz’s backers are hopeful the ads will pull him ahead of Trump. Cruz is locked in a tight battle in his home state of Texas, where 155 delegates to be sent to the Republican National Convention are at stake, out of almost 600 delegates total in the states voting on Super Tuesday.  “On Super Tuesday, voters can both send a message to Washington AND send a serious, proven conservative to the White House by voting for Cruz,” said Kellyanne Conway, president of Keep the Promise I, one of the groups backing Cruz. The groups spent $393,500 on radio ads in seven states. They also purchased more than $990,0000 in television ads that will run in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Arkansas and Oklahoma - the most crucial states for Cruz to narrow the margins with Trump.  The groups also spent $1 million on digital ads in eight states, including Minnesota, where so far none of the outside groups have bought advertising.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10641,Republican Rubio chips away at Trump with Super Tuesday looming,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Emboldened by a strong debate performance, U.S. Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio went after front-runner Donald Trump again on Friday, undeterred by opinion polls predicting the billionaire would win big in the crucial Super Tuesday nominating contests next week.  With Trump, 69, increasingly looking to be the party’s likely nominee for the Nov. 8 election, Rubio on Thursday night scored his most aggressive debate performance of the months-long election campaign. Trump’s swipes at rival candidates and heated exchanges with others have bolstered his standing in nominating contests and opinion polls. On Thursday night, his rivals struck back. The U.S. senator from Florida, Rubio, 44, brought up the real estate developer’s four past bankruptcies and his use of imported Polish workers to work at a Florida resort, and pointedly suggested the New Yorker would not be where he is today in the real estate business without a family inheritance.        But attacks by Rubio and fellow candidate Ted Cruz, a conservative U.S. senator from Texas, only dented Trump’s momentum, according to opinion polls and online betting markets. PredictWise, a research project that analyzes opinion polls and betting markets, said Trump would comfortably win among Republicans in all but one of 11 states that it measured in the March 1 nominating contests, known as Super Tuesday. Cruz, 45, is likely to win in Texas, his home state, PredictWise said.     PredictIt, based out of Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, on Friday gave Trump a 73 percent chance of winning the nomination compared with a peak 75 percent chance two days earlier. Rubio is his closest rival at 27 percent, up only a point from the day before. With Trump, a brash former reality TV show host, now winning three straight nominating contests in New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada, denial is giving way to a mostly gloomy acceptance among Republicans in Washington that he may have too much momentum to be stopped, especially if he wins big in the key Southern primaries next week. Rubio, the leading candidate from the Republican establishment, took a swipe at Trump again on Friday. “Guys, we have a con artist as the front-runner of the Republican Party,”  he said at a campaign event in Dallas.  Rubio described various Trump business ventures that he said had failed. “You ever heard of Trump vodka? You have? Well, it isn’t around anymore,” said Rubio, a first-term senator and foreign policy hawk.     Trump has vowed to build a wall on the U.S.- Mexican border, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and promised to take a tough stance on trade against China.      (Additional reporting by Dan Burns and Derek Caney in New York; Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Howard Goller) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10642,"Bernie Sanders action toy slouches, points and raises lots of cash ","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Orders for a Bernie Sanders action figure, complete with the U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful’s signature slouch, open mouth and accusatory pointed finger, were flooding in from fans on Thursday, months ahead of the toy’s delivery date in July. Brooklyn product design company FCTRY created a prototype for the 6-inch (15-cm) tall plastic version of the Vermont senator and started a Kickstarter campaign with a goal of raising $15,000 to fund production. Within 24 hours of the campaign’s debut on Wednesday, FCTRY  had raised about $40,000 from fans snapping up various deals, including a sold-out $20 offer for a single Bernie Sanders action figure called “The Early Bern Special #1.” The company has also sold 20,000 Hillary Clinton action figures depicting the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential hopeful in a sky blue pant suit. It previously sold 200,000 President Barack Obama action figures, said FCTRY Chief Executive Jason Feinberg. “If you buy one of our action figures, whether it’s Hillary or now Bernie, we’ll donate $1 from that sale online to their actual campaign,” Feinberg said. “The idea is to have a way where regular people can sort of easily participate in campaign donations through a small business.” A prototype of the Bernie Sanders action figure was created by Seattle pop-artist Mike Leavitt and will be mass produced overseas, Feinberg said. The figures are expected to be ready in July, the same month as the 2016 Democratic National Convention, when Clinton and Sanders face off as the party chooses its nominee for U.S. president and vice president for the November national election. The company has no plans to turn New York real estate developer Donald Trump, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida or any of the other Republican White House contenders into toys. “In 2008, we were sort of compelled to make a (Senator John) McCain and it’s something I’ve always regretted so there were no Republicans this time,” Feinberg said.  Among the pre-order deals available online is “The Full Ticket,” which includes a single Bernie Sanders action figure plus a single Hillary Clinton action figure. “We’re just sayin. Crazier things have happened,” the Kickstarter site notes. A Sanders spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped letter to company name, FCTRY, in paragraph three.) ",1
10643,"In Florida, Donald Trump has a model for success","SARASOTA, Fla. (Reuters) - The pundits said he never had a chance: He was a high-powered U.S. businessman who had never run for office. He largely financed his own campaign. He took a hard line on illegal immigration and Obamacare. His attacks on Islam were controversial. Six years ago that businessman, Rick Scott, won Florida’s Republican primary for governor. He then went on to take the general election. Now in his second term, Scott is in many ways a prototype for Donald Trump’s U.S. presidential campaign. Scott’s success in Florida is something that should give serious pause to Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from the state who hopes to use it as a springboard to unseat Trump as the leading contender for the Republican nomination to the Nov. 8 election.  Florida’s March 15 primary, to select a wealth of delegates to the Republicans’ July nominating convention, is likely the final chance for Rubio, and perhaps the Republican establishment, to halt the furious advance of Trump, a billionaire businessman with homes in New York and Florida. Trump’s two leading strategists in Florida have strong ties to Scott, rebutting the commonly held presumption among Trump’s critics that his campaign is all about the former reality TV show host’s celebrity and popular appeal and not about tactics.  “Nobody thought he had a shot. Nobody!” said Joe Gruters, a top Republican Party official in the state who was an early ally of Scott and who now co-chairs Trump’s Florida effort. “The establishment threw everything you can imagine at Rick Scott.” A first-term senator, Rubio has finished behind Trump in early-nomination contests to date. Rubio grew up in Miami, and his Cuban-American heritage could give him an edge with the state’s burgeoning Latino population.  But Rubio is still climbing uphill in the state race. While he has benefited from the withdrawal from the race of another Florida son, ex-Governor Jeb Bush, he trails Trump significantly. A Quinnipiac University survey released on Thursday showed Trump with 44 percent of the Republican vote, with Rubio far behind at 28 percent.  The good news for Rubio is that it’s the highest level of support he has had in the state, suggesting that he is moving upward when he needs it the most. But it may not be enough with many voters having cast early and absentee ballots. “When you have such a commanding lead like Trump has in all these states, you have the ability to focus on states like Florida where you know you can deliver the knockout blow,” Gruters said. While other Republicans campaigned in early-voting states, Trump served notice he was taking winning Florida seriously, methodically holding large-scale events across Florida, including one in October in Miami, home to both Rubio and Bush. When Bush and Rubio came to Florida at all, it was largely to raise money in closed-door fundraisers. “There’s a big difference between when you have 10,000 people showing up to a rally, hearing the battle cry and getting motivated,” Gruters said, “than when you are meeting people for $10,000-a-plate dinners where you exclude the rank-and-file members.” Bush’s campaign was in such poor shape near the end that when a Reuters correspondent visited his state campaign office in Tampa, it was deserted. All of the staff and volunteers had been sent to South Carolina for a primary vote in an unsuccessful last-ditch effort to rescue his presidential bid.  Gruters is vice-chairman of the state Republican Party, making him perhaps the highest-ranking party official in the country to embrace Trump. He heads Trump’s Florida effort with Susie Wiles of Jacksonville, who ran Scott’s 2010 campaign. He said he sees strong similarities between Scott and Trump.  “It’s not unusual for Florida to elect these non-establishment guys,” he said.  Scott was the former CEO of Columbia/HCA, the healthcare giant that ultimately settled a massive billing fraud case brought by the U.S. government during his tenure. When he entered the 2010 Republican primary, the assumption was that it was Attorney General Bill McCollum’s race to lose.  Financing his own campaign, Scott ran hard to McCollum’s right, supporting Arizona’s then highly controversial anti-immigration law and releasing an ad that ripped President Barack Obama for defending a possible mosque in New York near the site of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Like Trump, Scott portrayed himself as a businessman better suited to repairing the distressed economy than the Republican establishment was. “They both bring the same kind of attitude to government,” said Susan MacManus, a political science professor at the University of South Florida, “that a business person can run government better than professional politicians.”  Trump has contributed $125,000 to Scott’s political-action committee since 2012. Some have speculated Scott could serve as Trump’s vice presidential nominee. But in what may serve as another lesson for Trump, Scott remains a highly polarizing figure. His relationship with the state legislature has been prickly — and his approval ratings have never crossed 50 percent. “He entered politics with half the state’s voters liking him,” MacManus said. “He’s never gone much beyond that.” Bush’s departure from the presidential race has left Rubio flying the establishment flag. His local supporters say it already has made a huge difference, both in terms of support and money. “(Bush) was dividing votes,” Tom Rooney, a U.S. congressman from Florida who is chairing Rubio’s campaign here, told Reuters. “We don’t have that issue anymore.” The Rubio campaign, in Florida as elsewhere, is not courting Trump’s voters. It believes they are unlikely to switch. Instead, Rooney said, the idea is to woo the 60-65 percent of the party that so far has not supported Trump.  To that end, Rubio has been playing catch-up, opening new offices and securing a bevy of endorsements from local politicians. But Rooney concedes while Rubio has consoled himself with second-place finishes in places such as Iowa and South Carolina, that will not be enough in Florida, especially given that the winner gets all of the state’s 99 delegates.  “When we get into the winner-take-all states,” Rooney said, “you can’t come in second and say you’re doing well.”  (Reporting by James Oliphant; Editing by Howard Goller) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10644,Rubio keeps swinging at Trump after Republican debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio on Friday called front-runner Donald Trump a “con artist,” pledging to expose the real estate mogul and pressure him to reveal his finances. In a series of television interviews, the U.S. senator from Florida said working-class voters are being fooled by Trump’s lofty promises, despite his own string of lawsuits and the bankruptcies of Trump-related companies. “We are not going to turn over the conservative movement to a con artist who is telling people one thing but has spent 40 years sticking it to working Americans and now claims to be their champion,” he said on NBC’s “Today” program. Rubio’s comments echoed the attacks he and fellow senator and candidate Ted Cruz made on Trump during Thursday’s heated televised debate in Texas, one of 11 U.S. states set to vote in nominating contests on Tuesday. Trump, in a post on Twitter Friday morning, fired back by saying: “Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a chocker (sic)! Mr. Meltdown.” “He’s says I’m a choker?” Rubio responded in an interview on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” “He’s a con artist. It’s a fraud. We’re going to expose him.” With Trump leading in opinion polls in nearly all of the “Super Tuesday” contests, Republicans are recognizing the brash mogul and reality television star is likely to be their nominee even as Rubio and Cruz try to shake up the race ahead of the Nov. 8 election.  Rubio, who has admittedly struggled with his own personal finances such as student loans, accused Trump of withholding his tax records because they likely show “he’s not as rich as he claims to be.” Trump, who puts his fortune at $10 billion, has said he would release his tax records in coming months but said he cannot release his them now because he is being audited.  “He’s making things up,” Rubio told NBC. “We need to see those returns to see if the difference between the audited  version and what he filed if there is evidence of wrongdoing.”  Asked if his strategy to push back against Trump now comes too late, Rubio said he was fighting for the good of his party. He said he would continue to gain support on Tuesday and predicted a win in his home state of Florida on March 15.    (Reporting by Washington newsroom; Editing by Bill Trott) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10645,"Fight night: Rubio, Cruz gang up on Trump in debate ploy","HOUSTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz ganged up on front-runner Donald Trump at a raucous debate on Thursday in a last-ditch bid to keep the billionaire from winning victories next week that could set him up to clinch the presidential nomination. The CNN-hosted debate at the University of Houston was the two first-term senators’ last, best chance to try to shake up the race for the Republican nomination. The contest is dramatically shifting toward Trump, who is leading in opinion polls in nearly all 11 states set to make their choices on next Tuesday. Rubio and Cruz landed blows on Trump, took some withering fire in return and may wonder why they did not pursue such a strategy in the debates of past weeks and months when former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, now out of the race, was the lead Trump attacker. A confident-sounding Trump was unbowed and dismissed the attacks from his center-stage position. He declared Rubio a “choke artist” for a faltering debate in New Hampshire, again labeled Cruz “a liar” and urged his rivals to take their best shot. “Swing for the fences,” he said, wielding a baseball metaphor. Rubio, who got some momentum with a second-place finish to Trump in South Carolina last Saturday and has picked up some Bush supporters, gave his most aggressive performance to date. The senator from Florida wants to be the last Trump opponent standing and perhaps stretch the contest to the Republican nominating convention in July. He brought up Trump’s four past bankruptcies and his use of imported Polish workers to work at a Florida resort, and pointedly suggested the New Yorker would not be where he is today in the real estate business without a family inheritance. Without the family money, Rubio said, “You know where Donald Trump would be right now? Selling watches in Manhattan.” Significantly, Rubio sought to raise doubts about the depth of Trump’s policy knowledge, a point of attack that Trump’s critics in the Republican establishment have been urging candidates to pursue for months. Rubio pointed out that Trump’s sole plan to replace and repeal Democratic President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law is to allow insurance companies to operate across state lines. When Trump repeated the same point twice, Rubio interrupted. “Now he’s repeating himself,” said the senator, who was skewered at a debate in New Hampshire last month for robotically repeating his talking points. Trump fired back: “I watched him repeat himself five times four weeks ago, and I gotta tell you it was a meltdown. I watched him melt down on the stage like I’ve never seen anybody.” Cruz, who needs to win his home state of Texas when it votes on Tuesday, also piled on Trump, saying his rival would be a weak Republican opponent to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 general election because he had donated to the Clinton Foundation founded by her husband, former President Bill Clinton. Cruz said Hillary Clinton would say to him, “‘Gosh, Donald you gave $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation. I even went to your wedding.’ ... He can’t prosecute the case against Hillary.” Trump ridiculed Cruz for his inability to win more than the early voting state of Iowa and taunted him for being behind Trump in opinion polls in Texas. Since a second-place finish in Iowa, Trump has won New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada. “If I can’t beat her (Clinton), you’re really going to get killed aren’t you? ... I know you’re embarrassed, but keep fighting,” Trump said. The crossfire was so intense that CNN moderator Wolf Blitzer lost control of the proceedings at times.  Among the other two candidates on the stage, Ohio Governor John Kasich turned in a positive performance with an optimistic message, hoping Rubio and Cruz will falter and he will end up as the central Trump alternative. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, flagging in the polls, provided some comic relief. He said that, as president, when considering potential Supreme Court nominees he would look at “the fruit salad of their life” and asked plaintively for more time to talk: “Can someone attack me please?” Even with his bombast, Trump turned in a more measured performance than usual, defending his moderate positions on Planned Parenthood and retaining popular parts of the Obamacare law, perhaps mindful that he is closing in on a victory in the Republican race. He said he would not support a ceasefire deal about to go into effect in Syria and declared that Libya would be better off had Colonel Muammar Gaddafi not been toppled from power by a U.S.-backed uprising in 2011. Pressed on whether he would release his tax records as 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney said he should do, Trump said he would eventually do so after a “routine audit” is completed. This did not satisfy Romney, who tweeted that there was no legitimate reason for withholding them even if they were under audit. Rubio went after Trump hard on illegal immigration. He said Trump may talk tough on illegal immigration now, but previously said Romney lost his race against Obama by promoting the idea that illegal immigrants should self-deport. “A lot of these positions that he’s taken now are new to him,” Rubio said. Trump said Romney lost in 2012 because he was a terrible candidate. “Excuse me, he ran one terrible campaign,” Trump said. While Trump has scored early victories and is well ahead in national opinion polls, he has some ways to go to clinch his party’s nomination, which is decided by the number of delegates sent to the July party convention following the state-by-state nominating contests. So far Trump leads the race with 81 delegates, with Cruz and Rubio well behind at 17 apiece. To secure the nomination, a candidate needs 1,237 delegates. Super Tuesday will be critical because there are nearly 600 delegates at stake in Republican races that day.  (Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson and Valerie Volcovici in Washinton; Writing by Steve Holland; Editing by Peter Cooney, Leslie Adler and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10646,Republican Sandoval withdraws as possible Supreme Court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval, a moderate Republican, took himself out of consideration for appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday as Senate Republicans dug in on their vow not to act on any nominee by President Barack Obama. Asked if the White House was disappointed by Sandoval’s decision, Obama spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters, “He’s obviously entitled to make decisions about his own career.” Sandoval’s name surfaced as a possible nominee on Wednesday, but Senate Republicans quickly said they still would not hold hearings or vote on any Obama nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Obama’s appointee could pivot the court to the left for the first time in decades. Sandoval, a Mexican-American who was Nevada’s first Hispanic governor, did not offer a reason for his withdrawal. “Earlier today, I notified the White House that I do not wish to be considered at this time for possible nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States,” he said in a statement. “The notion of being considered for a seat on the highest court in the land is beyond humbling and I am incredibly grateful to have been mentioned.” Earlier on Thursday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton expressed concern about Sandoval, urging Obama to pick a “true progressive.” But Nancy Pelosi, the top House of Representatives Democrat, called it a “good idea” for Obama to consider Republicans as well as Democrats. The Republican-led Senate must confirm any nominee. Sandoval, 52, was appointed a judge by Republican President George W. Bush before becoming governor. He took a traditional Republican stance backing gun rights but held more moderate views on social issues, supporting abortion rights. Obama will meet next Tuesday with Senate Republican and Democratic leaders regarding a court nominee, officials said. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said they will use the meeting to reiterate the Republican stance that the Senate will not act on any Supreme Court nominee until the next president takes office in January 2017, following the Nov. 8 presidential election. Republicans hope to win back the White House then. The fight over the nomination got nastier as Grassley accused Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid of “childish tantrums” after Reid called Grassley the most obstructionist Judiciary Committee chairman ever. Reid responded: “A childish tantrum, when we’re asking him to do his job?” ",1
10647,"U.S., backed by China, proposes tough N.Korea sanctions at U.N.","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States presented a draft Security Council resolution on Thursday it negotiated with China that would dramatically tighten existing restrictions on North Korea after its Jan. 6 nuclear test and create the toughest U.N. sanctions regime in over two decades. The draft, seen by Reuters, would require U.N. member states to conduct mandatory inspections of all cargo passing through their territory to or from North Korea to look for illicit goods. Previously states were only required to do this if they had reasonable grounds to believe there was illicit cargo. The United States used the nearly two months of bilateral negotiations that at one point involved President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart, diplomats said, to win China’s support for unusually tough measures intended to persuade its ally North Korea to abandon its atomic weapons program. The proposal would close a gap in the U.N. arms embargo on Pyongyang by banning all weapons imports and exports.  There would also be an unprecedented ban on the transfer to North Korea of any item that could directly contribute to the operational capabilities of the North Korean armed forces, such as trucks that could be modified for military purposes. Other proposed measures include a ban on all supplies of aviation and rocket fuel to North Korea, a requirement for states to expel North Korean diplomats engaging in illicit activities, and blacklisting 17 North Korean individuals and 12 entities, including the National Aerospace Development Agency or ‘NADA’, the body responsible for February’s rocket launch.  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power told reporters the new measures, if approved, would be “the strongest set of sanctions imposed by the Security Council in more than two decades.” Several council diplomats predicted a Saturday meeting to adopt the draft but Russian deputy U.N. ambassador Petr Iliichev told Reuters Moscow needed time to study the draft and the earliest likely vote would be next week. The draft was the result of seven weeks of tough negotiations between the United States and China, North Korea’s neighbor and main ally. “This is a very robust resolution,” a U.S. official said on condition of anonymity. “Clearly this took a long time ... it was a difficult process.” North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 because of its multiple nuclear tests and rocket launches. China and the United States had differed on how strongly to respond to Pyongyang’s most recent test, with Washington urging harsh punitive measures and Beijing emphasizing dialogue and milder U.N. steps confined to non-proliferation. The Global Times, an influential Chinese tabloid published by the ruling Communist Party, said in an editorial that North Korea “deserves the punishment” of new sanctions, but China should “cushion Washington’s harsh sanctions to some extent.”  “China insists the sanctions should focus on striking North Korea’s ability to continue developing nuclear weapons. It is the fundamental difference between China’s policy and that of the U.S., South Korea and Japan. China holds unswerving goodwill toward North Korea, which Chinese society hopes Pyongyang can understand,” it said. Diplomats said a sharp tightening of restrictions was necessary since Pyongyang has proved its determination to flout at all costs attempts at constraining its nuclear and missile programs.  They said they hoped the latest measures would make it harder for North Korea to continue with that policy, keeping up the pressure on the country’s leadership without making the country’s impoverished population any poorer. “Pyongyang has prioritized the pursuit of these massively expensive programs over absolutely everything else,” the U.S. official said. “So is New York action going to automatically convince the regime’s leaders to cease? I think we’re realistic on that point.” However, he added that “this resolution will be felt, it will have an impact ... The DPRK (North Korea) have never been subject to the kind of pressure that is in the resolution.”  Power said the measures were aimed at the country’s leadership, and “careful not to punish the North Korean people.” In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular press briefing on Thursday: “We hope and believe this new resolution can help effectively constrain North Korea from further developing its nuclear missile program”. There will also be further restrictions aimed at making it more difficult for North Korea to press ahead with its nuclear and missile programs. Pyongyang is currently banned from importing and exporting nuclear and missile technology and is not allowed to import luxury goods. The list of banned items will be expanded. The U.S. official said one of five annexes to the resolution lists 31 ships owned by North Korean shipping firm Ocean Maritime Management Company Limited, which will be blacklisted.  Also new, countries will be required, not just encouraged, to freeze the assets of North Korean entities linked to Pyongyang’s nuclear or missile programs and to prohibit the opening of new branches or offices of North Korean banks or to engage in banking correspondence with North Korean banks. ",1
10648,U.S. needs to streamline foreign arms sales approval process - McCain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government needs to improve and accelerate its process for approving foreign arm sales, Senator John McCain said Thursday, warning that U.S. firms were losing billions of dollars of potential orders to countries like Russia. McCain, who heads the powerful Senate Armed Services Committee, said both the White House and State Department were too slow to process requests for arms sales from U.S. allies and coalition partners, noting he frequently received complaints from visiting defense ministers. “We need to streamline that process, perhaps even with legislation. It’s not working,” McCain told reporters. “These countries deserve a decision. If it’s no, it’s no. If it’s yes, it’s yes.” Any legislative changes would be led by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which oversees foreign military sales, McCain said. He said Senator Bob Corker, who heads that  committee, had also expressed frustration about arms sales delays. McCain noted that Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Qatar had recently purchased billions of dollars worth of equipment from Russia while waiting for potential U.S. arms sales to be processed. U.S. government officials say efforts to reform the arcane U.S. export control regime are starting to pay off but acknowledge that they have more work to do to cope with the current record level of U.S. foreign military sales and to improve the often sluggish approval process. McCain said it was important for the United States to continue supporting Israel, which had traditionally expressed reservations about large arms sales to Middle Eastern countries. But changing realities in the Middle East made it important to ensure that countries in the region had the equipment they needed to engage in actual fighting, he said. He said Israel was also relaxing its concerns given that it was facing the same enemy - Iran - as countries with a Sunni Muslim majority. McCain and other lawmakers have expressed particular frustration about two Boeing Co arms sales - an F-15 fighter jet sale to Qatar and an F/A-18E/F sale to Kuwait - that have stalled as the Obama administration focuses on concluding on a long-term military funding agreement with Israel. Reuters reported earlier this month that Boeing is nearing a decision to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to preserve its F/A-18 fighter jet line and start work on 28 F/A-18 fighter jets for Kuwait while it waits for the Obama administration to approve the deal.     ",1
10649,Clinton opposes recommendation to drop limits on futures contracts,"COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - A top adviser to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton urged a U.S. regulator on Thursday to not abandon a proposal to limit the number of futures contracts traders can hold on certain commodities. A committee advising the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has urged it to drop its plan to cap the futures contracts traders can hold on commodities such as oil and natural gas, The New York Times reported Wednesday. Gary Gensler, a Clinton adviser and former CFTC head, told Reuters the former secretary of state believes “these limits are a critical tool in curbing excessive speculation and protecting the integrity of markets” and should be finalized. “Congress has provided for such rules since the 1930s to ensure that no single trader has too large a share of the market and that agricultural, energy and metals markets remain fair and competitive,” Gensler said in a statement provided to Reuters. Clinton believes the rule would protect “consumers, farmers and manufacturers from excessive speculation,” Gensler added. Clinton, who is fending off a challenge from U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, is fresh off a victory in the Nevada primary and the two will face off in South Carolina on Saturday.  A major theme in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination has been how to best rein in the excesses of Wall Street. Both Clinton and Sanders have released plans about how they would curb excessive market speculation. The committee advising the CFTC on the limits rule was created by the Dodd-Frank Act and includes members from the energy trading industry, such as from the CME Group and Intercontinental Exchange. The New York Times reported that eight of nine members concluded that there was “scant evidence” the limits are needed. The lone dissenter was from a public advocacy group.  (Reporting by Amanda Becker; Editing by Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10650,Senator McCain wants hearing on possible F-16 sale to Pakistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain on Thursday urged the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to hold a hearing on the possible sale of Lockheed Martin Corp F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, as more lawmakers expressed concern about the deal. McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told reporters he was concerned about the timing of the Obama administration’s decision to approve the sale of the fighter jets to Pakistan, and the potential consequences for U.S. relations with India. “I would rather have seen it kicked over into the next administration,” McCain said. A hearing would help senators decide what to do about the proposed sale, he said, noting he was very “conflicted.” The U.S. government announced on Feb. 12 that it had approved the sale to Pakistan of up to eight additional F-16 fighter jets, as well as radars and other equipment in a deal valued at $699 million.  The deal drew immediate criticism from India. Separately, U.S. Senator Rand Paul said Thursday he had introduced a resolution of disapproval seeking to halt U.S. arms sales to Pakistan’s government. If passed, the measure would stop the F-16 sale. U.S. lawmakers have until March 12 to block the sale. Such action is rare since deals are usually well vetted before any formal notification, and it remained unclear if lawmakers would thwart the deal. State Department spokesman David McKeeby said the proposed sale of F-16s would assist Pakistan’s counterterrorism and counterinsurgency operations and was in the interests of Pakistan, the United States, NATO and the region. “Pakistan’s current F-16s have proven critical to the success of these operations to date. These operations reduce the ability of militants to use Pakistani territory as a safe haven for terrorism and a base of support for the insurgency in Afghanistan,” he said. McKeeby said the department was aware of congressional concerns and would continue to consult and engage with lawmakers. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker allowed the Obama administration to proceed with the deal, but said he would not approve using U.S. funds to pay for the planes through the foreign military financing (FMF) program.  Corker told Secretary of State John Kerry in a letter earlier this month that he was concerned about Pakistan’s ties to the Haqqani network, a militant group that U.S. officials have said is behind attacks in Afghanistan. ",1
10651,"In Flint, Sanders says water crisis should serve as wake-up call","FLINT, Mich. (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders told residents of Flint, Michigan, on Thursday their “horrific” water contamination crisis should be a wake-up call about the country’s crumbling infrastructure and required an emergency response. “If there is any silver lining out of this tragedy, it is my hope that the American people will look at Flint and say, ‘never again,’” Sanders said on his first campaign visit to the city, where a cost-saving decision to switch the water supply has led to a public health crisis from lead contamination. “We are looking at children being poisoned - if that is not an emergency, I just don’t know what an emergency is,” Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, told about 300 people jammed into a Flint church for a meeting that at times featured a freewheeling exchange with shouting residents. Sanders, who has made his call for a $1 trillion investment in U.S. infrastructure a key part of his campaign agenda, said Flint’s water crisis illustrated the need for a long-term commitment to rebuilding dilapidated water systems across the country. “While Flint may be the canary in the coal mine, there are a lot of other canaries all around the country. The truth is our infrastructure is collapsing,” Sanders said. “I hope that out of the tragedy will come fundamental changes.” Sanders’ Democratic campaign rival, Hillary Clinton, visited the predominantly black city weeks ago and frequently highlights the crisis as an example of racial inequity as the two candidates vie for African-American support. Sanders has called for the resignation of Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, a Republican, and met recently with some Flint activists during a visit to Michigan. He told the Flint crowd that hearing their stories of suffering was “horrific.” “Clearly this is part of a long-term trend of starving communities of color,” he said. The crisis was triggered when a city manager installed by Snyder switched the city’s water supply from Lake Michigan to the nearby Flint River. The change corroded Flint’s aging pipes and released lead and other toxins into the water supply. President Barack Obama declared a state of emergency in Flint in January, authorizing federal emergency management officials to coordinate relief efforts. Lawmakers in Congress have wrestled with the size of a federal funding package to replace aging pipes. Sanders and Clinton will return to Flint on March 6 for their next nationally televised debate ahead of the Michigan primary on March 8.      (Editing by Tom Brown) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10652,Biden rues 'damaging' tone against Mexico in U.S. presidential race,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday said he felt “almost obliged” to say sorry for verbal attacks on Mexico in the U.S. presidential campaign, in which Republican front-runner Donald Trump has labeled Mexican migrants rapists and drug runners. Speaking alongside Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto during a visit to Mexico City, Biden never mentioned Trump, who nonetheless loomed large over the proceedings. “There’s been a lot of damaging and incredibly inaccurate rhetoric, and I would argue, I feel almost obliged to apologize for some of what my political colleagues have said ... about Mexico, about the Mexican people,” said Biden, a Democrat. Property mogul Trump, who has built up a big early lead in the race to become Republican nominee, has vowed to make Mexico pay for a wall to seal off the United States from its southern neighbor, prompting widespread criticism in both countries. “I just want you to know, Mr. President, that the most heated rhetoric you’ve heard from some of the competitors for the nomination for president, is not who we are as the American people .... It’s the exact opposite,” Biden added. Without naming Trump, Pena Nieto also weighed in, saying “building walls is just isolating oneself.” The 2016 U.S. presidential election is on Nov. 8.     At an event earlier on Thursday, Biden had expressed concern about what the election race said about views held in the United States, calling some of the Republican campaign language “dangerous, damaging and incredibly ill-advised.”  “The message that is coming out of the United States as a consequence of the presidential campaign, about American attitudes toward Mexicans and Mexico generally, (and) the entire hemisphere and our place in the world, is disturbing,” he said. Trump, 69, has vowed to deport the 11 million migrants living illegally in the United States, a position shared by his younger Republican rival, the Texas Senator Ted Cruz. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, ""Tales from the Trail"" (here).  (Reporting by Joanna Zuckerman Bernstein; Editing by Richard Chang) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10653,Puerto Rico needs restructuring to avoid cascading defaults: Treasury,"NEW YORK/SAN JUAN (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury counselor Antonio Weiss said on Thursday that without a proper restructuring regime, Puerto Rico will default and litigation will intensify, as he pushed Congress to act with legislation to help the island fix its crisis. Weiss, speaking to the House Natural Resources Committee in a hearing about the island’s fiscal crisis, outlined the scale of the problems the U.S. territory faces. “As the cascading defaults and litigation unfold, there is real risk of another lost decade, this one more damaging than the last,” Weiss said. A legislative solution for Puerto Rico, battling with $70 billion debt, may be edging closer. Legislation to find a fix for the island is expected to be drawn up following two Congressional hearings on Thursday - one in front of the House Natural Resources Committee at which Weiss was the sole witness. House Speaker Paul Ryan has said he wants the Republican-led House to develop a response to Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis during the first quarter of 2016, and Republicans plan to bring a bill addressing the crisis to the House floor by the end of March. Puerto Rico wants access to a bankruptcy-like mechanism to reduce debt - a view backed by President Barack Obama’s administration and some Congressional Democrats. But majority Republicans have not supported efforts to extend bankruptcy protection to the island, a strategy which could be detrimental to some creditors, and are keen to put Puerto Rico under strict fiscal oversight.  Weiss, in questioning, said that Treasury’s restructuring proposal was not envisioning the Chapter 9 bankruptcy law U.S. states can access for their public agencies, but legislation “customized to the unique conditions that face Puerto Rico.”  Weiss said his team will have to work to convince island leaders of the need for an oversight board for the island. “I think the legislature doesn’t fully understand what this oversight authority would consist of,” he said.  Puerto Rico, with a 45 percent poverty rate, has been in recession for nearly a decade and is losing population to the mainland. It is suffering from a huge debt buildup and has already defaulted on some borrowings.  “There is fear of the future,” said Weiss. “Puerto Ricans are leaving and are joining us on the mainland where they find access to jobs, a future for their children, better healthcare.”  Weiss said that a failure to protect pension payments would “irreparably harm retirees” and add greater stress to Puerto Rico’s economy.  “We are deeply concerned about the pensions in Puerto Rico,” he said.  The Treasury late last year envisioned giving Puerto Rico’s pensioners stronger legal protection than holders of its constitutionally backed bonds if it went bankrupt, according to a draft of a proposed plan seen by Reuters. A separate hearing before a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services focused on the impact to investors in the $3.7 trillion municipal bond market. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said without a broad restructuring framework to include more of the debt than a Chapter 9 framework would envision, the issue would not be solved and “we will be back here again.”  Legislation for Puerto Rico could potentially be written as a stand-alone law, which carries the risk of having little momentum to approve it, or attached to a bill related to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), a congressional source previously said.  An FAA authorization bill which authorizes funding for the agency could come up for a vote in the House of Representatives as early as next month.        However, a legislative solution may be hard to achieve given the differing views and acrimonious relationship between Republicans, which control Congress, and Democrats.  Tom McClintock, a Republican of California, said instead of increasing regulation, Puerto Rico needs less red tape, less tax burden and could be turned into a “Hong Kong of the Caribbean.”     However, Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho said he appreciated that Weiss was “trying to find a solution.” “We don’t agree on every one of your solutions but I can tell that the administration is acting in good faith in finding a solution to the problem,” Labrador said.   ",1
10654,"19 retired U.S. generals, admirals back Clinton's stance on Guantanamo","(Reuters) - A group of 19 retired U.S. generals and admirals on Thursday backed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s position on the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo and torture and called for an end to the “dangerous rhetoric” from her Republican opponents. “The Republican candidates have turned this into a game to see who can seem toughest. Yet, how we combat our enemies and defeat ISIS is not a game, and these proposals would only make us weaker,” the retired officers said in a statement, using an acronym for Islamic State, the militant group active in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere. Republican candidates have opposed an Obama administration plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba. Republican front-runner and real estate mogul Donald Trump said this month he would bring back waterboarding, widely condemned as a form of torture, and would be open to even tougher measures in the fight against Islamic State. Clinton was secretary of state during President Barack Obama’s first term, when he banned the use of torture. She has supported the closing of the Guantanamo prison for terrorism suspects, which Obama says has become a recruiting tool for militant groups fighting the United States and its allies around the globe. The retired officers said expanding the use of Guantanamo “is dangerous and has real negative consequences for our national security.” Expanding the use of torture, they said, would compromise global U.S. leadership and put American troops and civilians at risk. “We applaud Hillary Clinton’s leadership on these issues and call on the immediate end to the dangerous rhetoric coming from the right,” the retired officers said.  (Reporting by Washington newsroom) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10655,Factbox: Highlights of draft U.N. North Korea sanctions resolution,"(Reuters) - The United States on Thursday proposed a draft United Nations Security Council resolution that would dramatically tighten sanctions on North Korea following Pyongyang’s recent nuclear test and missile launch. Here is an overview of the draft resolution circulated to the 15-member council:    The draft resolution targets North Korea’s conventional arms capabilities by closing a gap in the arms embargo that had allowed small arms and light weapons to be sent to North Korea. North Korea would instead be subjected to a full arms embargo on all weapons. It has an unprecedented ban on the transfer to North Korea of any item that could directly contribute to the operational capabilities of the North Korean armed forces, such as trucks that could be modified for military purposes. It bans states from hosting North Korean military and policy trainers and advisors.  The draft resolution has a new requirement that states expel North Korean diplomats who are involved in illicit activities. The draft resolution has a new requirement that states must inspect on their territory all cargo going to or coming from North Korea via land, sea or air. Previously states were only required to do this if they had reasonable grounds to believe there was illicit cargo. It calls upon states to carry out inspections in a way that minimizes impact on the transfer of humanitarian relief cargo. It would ban all flights suspected of carrying prohibited items and ban all port calls by any vessel suspected of engaging in illicit activities. All vessels belonging to Ocean Maritime Management Company Limited would be banned from entering any port.  It would require states to ban the chartering of their vessels or aircraft by North Korea, unless the state determines those services are for “livelihood purposes” and will not be used by North Korea to generate revenue. It also requires states to ban their nationals from operating North Korean vessels or using North Korean flags of convenience.  The draft resolution would ban the supply or transfer to North Korea of aviation fuel, including rocket fuel.  It would ban the export of gold, titanium ore, vanadium ore and rare earth minerals. It would also ban the export of coal, iron and iron ore unless such transactions are for “livelihood purposes” and would not be generating revenue for North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.  The draft resolution would require states to freeze the assets of any entity of the North Korean government or the ruling Workers Party of Korea that is associated with the nuclear and missile programs or other prohibited activities.  It would require states to ban North Korean banks from opening branches on their territory or engaging in correspondent relationships. It would require states to ban their financial institutions from opening new offices, subsidiaries, branches or banking accounts in North Korea.  It would require states to close existing financial activities in North Korea if there are reasonable grounds to believe those services could contribute to North Korea’s nuclear or missile programs.  It would ban all public and private financial trade support to North Korea if there are reasonable grounds to believe there is a link to proliferation. The draft resolution would require states to prevent the transfer of any item that could contribute to North Korea’s nuclear or ballistic missile programs. It would also update a list of banned chemical and biological weapons materials.  1) A list of 17 North Korean individuals to be blacklisted. A U.S. official said this includes people based outside of North Korea and involved in the country’s illicit programs, such as representatives of Korea Mining Developing Trading Corp, Pyongyang’s primary arms dealer. Also listed are leaders of key North Korean companies responsible for illicit programs. 2) A list of 12 North Korean entities, many of which are  key North Korean government agencies responsible for illicit programs, including the National Aerospace Development Administration, the Ministry of Atomic Energy Industry, a set of banks, including Korea Kwangson Banking Corp. 3) A list of 31 vessels - with names and International Maritime Organization numbers - belonging to Ocean Maritime Management Company Limited.  4) A list of additional technical items that could be used to advance North Korea’s nuclear, missile, chemical or  biological activities. 5) An illustrative lists of banned luxury items: watches, aquatic recreational vehicles, snowmobiles valued more than $2,000, lead crystal and recreational sports equipment. ",1
10656,Committee chair McCain vows to block contract for new Northrop bomber,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain on Thursday vowed to block use of a cost-plus type of contract, under which the government would be responsible for cost overruns, for a new long-range bomber to be built by Northrop Grumman Corp. McCain told reporters he would seek to block authorization of the new U.S. Air Force long-range strike bomber in its current form, arguing that cost-plus deals inevitably lead to cost overruns. “We can disapprove it ... I will not authorize a program that has a cost-plus contract,” McCain said, when asked about the contract, which the U.S. Air Force has already signed with Northrop. McCain said the military often argued that cost-plus contracts were necessary in cases involving cutting-edge technologies since unknown problems could emerge, but such practices were unheard of in Silicon Valley. The Air Force said that only the engineering and development phase of the program, valued at $21.4 billion, was structured as a cost-plus contract with incentive fees. The second part of the contract, which would cover initial production of the first five sets of new bombers, usually the most expensive planes in a new class of aircraft, would be structured with a firm, fixed-price. The Air Force has not disclosed the full projected cost of the program, although it has said that it expects to pay $511 million per plane in 2010 dollars. “The Air Force values the oversight role that Senator McCain has and looks forward to continuing to work with him and the committee on moving forward with this critical capability for the department and the nation. The Department looks forward to being able to provide the Senator a complete briefing of the program at his earliest convenience,” the aerial warfare service said. Officials were expected to brief McCain in the next couple of weeks, a spokeswoman said. Northrop declined comment. The Senate Armed Services Committee and its counterpart in the House of Representatives approve legislation that sets defense policy, while funding for the military is governed by the House and Senate appropriations committees. McCain also took issue with the high level of secrecy shrouding the bomber program, and the Air Force’s refusal thus far to divulge the names of key suppliers on the program. “If someone wants to build an engine for an airplane that requires congressional authorization, then it must be known who’s making it and under what circumstances,” he said. ",1
10657,Detroit mayor unveils budget with eye on shedding state oversight,"(Reuters) - Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan proposed a $2.6 billion fiscal 2017 budget on Thursday that he said could be the city’s ticket to removing state oversight of its finances. He said the all-funds budget, which includes $1.077 billion of general fund spending, would mark the third-straight balanced budget for the city, which exited the biggest-ever municipal bankruptcy in December 2014. A financial review commission was created under Michigan law to oversee a post-bankruptcy Detroit until it reaches certain benchmarks. “If we can finish the 2017 fiscal year with a balanced budget and we’re paying our bills and meeting some other conditions that I believe we’ll meet, we will be able to get out of the financial review commission control period,” Duggan told the city council. He added the goal is to shed state oversight by January 2018. If the city ends fiscal 2017 with a deficit, the mayor said Detroit would have to start a new three-year balanced budget cycle. Detroit Chief Financial Officer John Hill said the budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1 is based on conservative revenue estimates that could be hurt if the state cuts revenue sharing to local governments to deal with costs for the ongoing lead-tainted water crisis in Flint.  The mayor said he plans to tap $50 million in unused, voter-approved bond proceeds dating as far back as 1987 for various projects. Duggan also addressed a $490 million increase in the unfunded liability for Detroit’s two pension funds caused by the use of outdated mortality tables by the city’s bankruptcy consultants. The situation has become “pretty adversarial” with the consultants, who have been told by the city not to destroy any of the documents they took with them, according to the mayor. He cautioned the council that a malpractice lawsuit against the consultants would be difficult to win.  ",1
10658,Democratic senators raise concerns about Charter-Time Warner Cable tie-up,"(Reuters) - Five Democratic U.S. senators, including presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, told the Justice Department and Federal Communications Commission on Thursday that they had “significant concerns” about Charter Communications Inc’s (CHTR.O) planned acquisition of Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N and Bright House Networks. The senators, who also included Elizabeth Warren, Ed Markey, Ron Wyden and Al Franken, said in a letter to the agencies that are reviewing the proposal that the deal would create “a nationwide broadband duopoly,” with Charter and Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) in nearly two-thirds of U.S. high-speed broadband homes. The senators urged the government to thoroughly address all potential harm to consumers. They also raised concerns that Charter will take on significant debt that could harm its ability to honor commitments to build out its network, including in rural areas. The FCC has said U.S. broadband prices are among the world’s most expensive, according to the senators, who urged more competition.  The merger could lead to higher prices and fewer innovative services, they added. Charter said in May that it would buy Time Warner Cable in a $56 billion cash-and-stock deal that would make it the No. 2 U.S. Internet and cable company after Comcast. Shareholders of both companies and most U.S. states have approved the deal, which still awaits clearance from the federal government. On Wednesday, Charter said it had won approval from New Jersey and was only awaiting clearance from two states where it  will operate as New Charter. The company agreed to return Time Warner Cable call centers to the United States and add jobs.  “Having demonstrated that the pending transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks are squarely in the public interest, Charter remains confident they will close in a timely fashion,” the company said on Wednesday. New Charter would be the third-largest cable provider in the country, serving roughly 17.3 million customers, and the second-largest broadband provider, with 19.4 million subscribers. It would be in nearly 40 states. Charter and Time Warner Cable did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Thursday. FCC spokeswoman Kim Hart said the commission had received the letter and was reviewing it. The FCC hopes to complete its review by the end of March. In April, Comcast withdrew its $45 billion offer for Time Warner Cable after U.S. regulators raised concerns that the deal would give it an unfair advantage in the cable TV and Internet-based services market. ",1
10659,Kerry urges Congress not to rush to renew Iran sanctions measure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Secretary of State John Kerry urged Congress on Thursday not to rush to renew the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA), a broad U.S. law imposing sanctions over Iran’s nuclear and missile programs that expires at the end of the year. “I wouldn’t advise that for a number of reasons,” Kerry told the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee at a hearing on the State Department’s budget. Many lawmakers have been pushing to renew the ISA quickly, to send a message to Tehran that Congress is still taking a hard line over its nuclear program, missile development and human rights record. The effort could set up another showdown over Iran between the administration and the Republicans who control Congress. Every Republican in Congress, and several of President Barack Obama’s fellow Democrats, opposed the agreement announced in July in which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. House Republicans early this month passed legislation to restrict Obama’s ability to lift sanctions under the nuclear pact. The Senate has not taken it up and Obama has threatened a veto, and lawmakers are discussing alternatives. “If the administration isn’t supportive of this renewal (of the ISA), not only are we preventing the possibility of a snapback, but from the standpoint of myself and many of the members of this committee, we’re also giving relief on missiles,” said Representative Ed Royce, the Republican committee chairman. Iran tested ballistic missile technology in October, prompting the United States to impose new sanctions in January, but many members of Congress want a stronger response. Kerry said lawmakers should allow more time to see how Iran responds to the international nuclear agreement, which went into effect only last month. He argued that sanctions can be imposed quickly if Iran is found to violate terms of the nuclear deal or other agreements. Kerry was asked about reports that Iran will enjoy a windfall of up to $150 billion from the nuclear agreement as money frozen under the sanctions regime is released. He said the total likely would be about one-third of that level, and currently is far lower. “Our estimates are it’s somewhere in the vicinity of $50 to $55 billion at some point in time but it’s way below that right now.” Kerry said. “And in fact, they are complaining about the slowness with which there has been a process of repatriation.” ",1
10660,U.S. and China align over North Korea sanctions resolution: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday a draft sanctions resolution against North Korea that will be submitted to the U.N. Security Council is the result of “extensive diplomatic conversations” between the United States and China over Pyongyang’s latest nuclear test. “I do think it is indicative of how productive diplomacy can be,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters during a daily briefing. “It’s not easy, but it certainly is an indication that the United States and China, when our interests are aligned, can cooperate quite effectively to advance the interest of citizens in both our countries.” The U.N. Security Council aims to put the draft resolution to a vote in the coming days, council diplomats said on Wednesday. ",1
10661,Obama to meet Senate leaders over Supreme Court next week: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will convene a meeting on Tuesday with the Republican and Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate and its Judiciary Committee to discuss a Supreme Court nominee, the White House said on Thursday. The White House has contacted every member of the judiciary panel, both Republicans and Democrats, to discuss efforts to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. ",1
10662,"FBI director, Apple general counsel to testify March 1: House panel","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - FBI Director James Comey and Apple Inc (AAPL.O) Senior Vice President and General Counsel Bruce Sewell will testify at a March 1 congressional hearing on encryption issues, the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee said in a statement on Thursday. The hearing comes amid a dispute between the tech giant and the government over unlocking an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters.  ",1
10663,Michigan Governor Snyder to testify at House hearing on Flint,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder will testify at a House oversight committee hearing on March 17 on the Flint, Michigan, drinking water crisis, the panel said on Thursday. Snyder, a Republican, has publicly apologized for the crisis in which thousands of children are believed to have ingested dangerous amounts of lead from the city’s water.  Snyder has also said missteps by the federal Environmental Protection Agency helped lead to the crisis in Flint, a predominantly African-American city of 100,000 about 60 miles (100 km) northwest of Detroit.    Under direction of a state-appointed city manager in 2014, Flint changed its water supply from Detroit’s to the Flint River, and the more caustic water helped to leach lead, a neurotoxin, from old pipes into the drinking water. The former city manager, Darnell Earley, and the former Midwest EPA chief, Susan Hedman, will also testify before the committee at separate hearing on March 15.   ",1
10664,Tennessee governor endorses Rubio in Republican presidential bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam on Thursday endorsed U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida for the Republican party’s presidential nomination. “With Marco standing next to Hillary Clinton on a debate stage, the choice between the future and the past will be clear to every American. Marco has the innovative policy agenda to reclaim the American Dream for all our people, and his conservative ideas will bring the Republican Party – and America – into the future,” Haslam, a popular second-term Republican governor, said in a statement. Rubio and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas have been trailing real estate billionaire Donald Trump in most polls in the race to represent the party in the Nov. 8 presidential election.    (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Susan Heavey) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10665,Senior Republican says Obama seeking moderate Supreme Court justice,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior Republican on the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee said on Thursday that President Barack Obama was looking for someone who was “very moderate” to be his nominee to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. “He said he was going to try to find a justice who would be very moderate,” Senator Orrin Hatch told Fox News Channel. But Hatch said even if Obama were to put forward a Republican for the empty seat, the Senate should not consider it during “the throes of a very intense, and some people think horrific, presidential campaign.” Separately, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters she thought it would be a good idea for Obama to consider nominating a Republican. ",1
10666,Obama says cautious about expectations for Syria deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he was cautious about raising expectations regarding the agreement to pause hostilities in Syria. But, if some progress is made in Syria, then that will lead to a political process to end the five-year-old civil war in the country, Obama told reporters after a meeting with Jordan’s King Abdullah in the Oval Office. Obama said the United States is committed to helping Jordan deal with the refugees who have fled to its borders to escape the conflicts in Syria and Iraq. ",1
10667,Obama weighs Republican for Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is considering appointing a moderate Republican to the Supreme Court, a source close to the process said on Wednesday, but leaders in the Republican-led Senate held firm to their threat to block anyone he nominates. The source said Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval, a Republican and former federal judge, was among the possible candidates.  As governor, Sandoval has taken a traditional Republican stance in support of gun rights, but his more moderate views on social issues, such as abortion rights, could make him an attractive choice for the Democratic president. A 52-year-old Mexican-American, Sandoval was appointed a judge by Republican George W. Bush, Obama’s predecessor, before being elected governor in 2010. He abandoned his state’s legal defense of a same-sex marriage ban before the Supreme Court declared such bans unconstitutional last year. The Feb. 13 death of long-serving conservative Justice Antonin Scalia created a vacancy on the nine-seat court and ignited a political fight. Republicans are maneuvering to foil Obama’s ability to choose a replacement who could tilt the court to the left for the first time in decades. Scalia’s death left the court with four liberals and four conservatives. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced on Tuesday the Senate will not hold hearings or vote on any Supreme Court nominee until the next president takes office in January 2017, following the Nov. 8 presidential election. Republicans hope to win back the White House then. The Senate must confirm any high court nominee, but McConnell remained unswayed even with word that Obama was considering the Republican Sandoval for the job. “This nomination will be determined by whoever wins the presidency in the fall,” McConnell said. Senator Chuck Grassley, chairman of the Judiciary Committee that would hold any confirmation hearings, concurred, saying, “It’s the principle, not the person.” The White House said it was hoping for a meeting with Grassley and his committee’s top Democrat, Patrick Leahy. A McConnell aide said McConnell was trying to schedule a meeting with Obama to reiterate his opposition to any nominee. Sandoval met on Monday in the U.S. Capitol for about 30 minutes with Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada, and Reid asked him whether he would be interested in being considered for the high court job, according to the source, who asked not to be identified. “He said he was interested,” the source said of Sandoval, adding that “a number of people are being checked out” for the job. Reid is a close ally of Obama. White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined during a briefing to confirm whether Sandoval was on Obama’s list of potential nominees. White House officials are seeking a candidate they think lawmakers from both parties could support, but Obama may be unlikely to choose any Republican, even a centrist. The Democratic political base would object to such a choice, a risk Obama is unlikely to take during an election year.     Some liberal groups expressed alarm that Sandoval would be considered. Charles Chamberlain of the group Democracy for America called it “downright absurd” that Obama would risk his legacy by appointing “another anti-labor Republican” to an already pro-big business Supreme Court. Sandoval opposed Obama’s healthcare law, but opted to expand his state’s Medicaid health insurance program for the poor under the measure, breaking from a number of Republican governors who refused to do so.      He expressed support for bipartisan immigration legislation that passed the Senate in 2013 before dying in the House of Representatives amid Republican opposition. In 2013, Sandoval vetoed legislation to require background checks on all Nevada gun sales. Last year, he signed a law backed by the National Rifle Association that expanded the defenses for justifiable homicide and repealed a local ordinance that required handgun registration. Obama vowed on Wednesday to move ahead with a nominee and said Republicans would risk public ire if they blocked a qualified candidate for political motives, as well as diminishing the credibility of the high court. Obama said he expected the Senate Judiciary Committee to extend his nominee the courtesy of a confirmation hearing and then vote on whether he or she is qualified. “In the meantime, the American people are going to have the ability to gauge whether the person I’ve nominated is well within the mainstream, is a good jurist, is somebody who’s worthy to sit on the Supreme Court,” Obama told reporters in the Oval Office. “I think it will be very difficult for Mr. McConnell to explain how, if the public concludes that this person’s very well qualified, that the Senate should stand in the way simply for political reasons.” Liberals vowed to pressure Senate Republicans into considering Obama’s nominee, with several groups delivering to the Senate boxes of what they said contained 1.3 million signatures from citizens demanding that a confirmation process go forward after the president announces his pick.    ",1
10668,Exclusive: Latino coalition releases policy agenda for 2016 U.S. election,"(Reuters) - A coalition of some of the largest U.S. Latino organizations on Thursday will lay out a raft of policies that, they say, presidential candidates and other politicians must heed to earn the votes of the growing group of voters.  The National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (NHLA), which includes 40 national and regional groups, will recommend policies on everything from economic security, education and comprehensive immigration reform to the environment and health. For Latino communities and the politicians seeking their votes - including candidates in the November 2016 presidential election - the agenda is a “road map,” said Hector Sanchez, the chairman of the NHLA. “For the next four years, this is our guide for collaborating with Congress and collaborating with the White House,” he added. The agenda underscores the growing power of Latinos as a part of the electorate, as presidential candidates have sought to win over those voters on the way to the White House. Latinos are among the nation’s fastest growing ethnic groups, and, because of lower voter turnout levels in the past, represent a potential pool of previously untapped voters. The campaigns of both Democratic contenders for the presidency, for example, have recently argued over who actually won the Hispanic vote at last week’s Nevada caucus.  While former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton won the state overall, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders said that entrance polls show he won Hispanics. The Clinton campaign disputes those numbers.  The NHLA’s agenda recommends expanding job opportunities, improving retirement security and increasing support for homeownership.  Under immigration, the group wants to see comprehensive immigration reform - a hot button issue in this year’s election. The group wants a path to citizenship, protections for immigrant workers and family reunification provisions, among other items. “The NHLA also supports addressing the root causes of forced migration and opposes efforts that call into question the citizenship of persons born in the United States,” the group wrote in the 2016 Hispanic Public Policy Agenda. Billionaire businessman Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner for his party’s nomination, has repeatedly taken a hard line against illegal immigration, calling for the construction of a wall on the border with Mexico. Trump angered a number of activists, Latinos and others when, in launching his campaign last year, he suggested that Mexican immigrants were rapists and criminals. But the criticisms have done little to stop him, with Trump now having won three of the four earliest nominating contests among Republican contenders.      (Reporting by Luciana Lopez in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10669,"Trump's surge confounds rivals, makes him betting favorite","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s chances of clinching the U.S. Republican presidential nomination shot to a record high on global betting websites on Wednesday and the billionaire businessman, long viewed as a political outsider, won his first endorsement from a member of Congress. Trump easily won the Nevada caucuses on Tuesday, giving him his third win in four early nominating contests and pressuring Republican rivals to come up with a way to stop a candidate who only last year was not seen as a serious contender for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  The real estate magnate swept Nevada by a margin of 22 percentage points, winning 45.9 percent of the vote.  It was the high point so far of an unorthodox campaign  during which Trump has fought with Pope Francis, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and promised to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border to prevent illegal immigration.     Trump’s Nevada win is likely to further frustrate Republican establishment figures who, less than a month ago, were hoping his campaign as a political outsider was stalled after he lost the opening nominating contest in Iowa to Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas.  In his victory speech in Nevada, the former reality TV show host courted his base of blue-collar workers.  “I love the poorly educated,” he said, mentioning several demographic groups among whom he said he was winning. By Wednesday, that phrase was being widely discussed online, with some finding it funny and others arguing it was a welcome, nonjudgmental embrace of a constituency that other politicians might speak of only as a problem to be fixed. Trump’s nearest rivals, Cruz and Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, have frequently attacked each other, clearing a path for Trump to the Republican nomination that includes primary elections in a slew of southern states on March 1, known as Super Tuesday.  “These guys have to figure out how to turn their fire on Trump,” said Ford O’Connell, a Republican strategist in Washington. Absent that, he said: “Which one is going to get out of this field?”     Rubio said Trump was only backed by a minority of Republicans.  “The vast and overwhelming majority of Republicans do not want Trump to be the nominee,” he told NBC, citing the network’s recent opinion poll putting him 15 points ahead of Trump in a one-on-one match-up. “As long as there are four people running dividing up the non-Trump vote sooner, you’re going to get results like what you saw last night.” Rubio and Cruz have struggled to match the popularity of Trump, who is more ready than the two senators to deviate from the tenets of the Republican Party’s brand of conservatism, including free trade and supply-side economics.      Betting venues in Britain, Ireland and New Zealand show the online wagering community coalescing around Trump, once considered an interloper, attracting long-shot odds of 200/1. Odds for Trump becoming the Republican candidate for November have tightened all the way to 1/2 in some cases.     “Mr Trump has triumphed yet again, despite political analysts almost unanimously writing him off as a serious presidential contender,” said Graham Sharpe from William Hill (WMH.L), adding one customer stood to collect at least $100,000 if Trump was elected to the White House.  On Wednesday, Chris Collins, a Republican congressman from Trump’s home state of New York, became the first national lawmaker to endorse Trump, saying in a statement “it’s time to say no to professional politicians and yes to someone who has created jobs and grown a business.”  While more than 1,200 delegates are needed to secure the Republican presidential nomination, Trump has built a formidable head start over Rubio, who came in second in Nevada with 23.9 percent, and Cruz with 21.4 percent.  Opinion polls show Trump ahead in most Super Tuesday states. The primary election next Tuesday in Cruz’s home state of Texas is looming as a make-or-break moment for him after Trump’s growing success among the senator’s core base of evangelicals and other conservative supporters.   “Texans have a good ability to see through baloney, to see through a smokescreen, to see through rhetoric and to look to substance,” Cruz said at an event in Houston, the state’s largest city. “I believe that is exactly what Texans are going to do next Tuesday.”  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and Eric Walsh; Written by James Oliphant and Jonathan Allen; Editing by Alistair Bell) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10670,Factbox: The race to the U.S. presidential nominations: How delegates are selected ,"(Reuters) - The nominating contests that will determine the Democratic and Republican nominees for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election are about to enter a critical phase. On March 1, known as Super Tuesday, primaries or caucuses will be held in about a dozen states, and they could be turning points in both parties. But the key to winning the nomination for each party is ultimately not about the popular vote. It is about securing the number of delegates needed to win the nomination at each party’s convention - July 18-21 in Cleveland for the Republicans and July 25-28 in Philadelphia for the Democrats. Like so many things in politics, there are twists and turns in how the popular vote is used to ultimately select each party’s candidate. The following is a guide to the nominating process: Q: Is the delegate selection process the same for the Republican and Democratic parties? A: No. The parties set their own rules. One thing that is the same is that at each party convention, a candidate only needs to reach a simple majority of the delegate votes to win the nomination. Q: How many delegates are there? A: The Democratic convention will be attended by about 4,763 delegates, with 2,382 delegates needed to win the nomination. The Republican convention will be attended by 2,472 delegates, with 1,237 delegates needed to win. Q: I keep hearing about “superdelegates.” Are they different from other delegates? Do both the Republicans and Democrats have superdelegates? A: Superdelegates, officially known as unpledged delegates, are a sort of wild card in the nominating process, but only the Democrats have them. The category was created for the 1984 Democratic convention, and according to political scientists, they are a legacy of the 1980 convention when there was a fight for the nomination between President Jimmy Carter, who was seeking a second term in the White House, and Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts. Members of Congress were frustrated by their lack of influence, because delegates elected to support one candidate could not switch to support another. So Democratic members of the House of Representatives led an effort to win a role for themselves. That resulted in the creation of superdelegates. Unlike other delegates, superdelegates may change what candidate they are supporting right up to the convention. There is no fixed number of superdelegates because the group is defined by various categories whose members change from one election cycle to another. Here is who gets to be a superdelegate:  All Democratic members of the House of Representatives and the Senate; the Democratic governors; the Democratic president and vice president of the United States; former Democratic presidents and vice presidents; former Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate; former Democratic speakers of the House and former Democratic minority leaders. Throw in the members of the Democratic National Committee and the former chairs of the DNC and you finally have the whole pool of superdelegates. Q: What about the other delegates? Do they get to choose which candidate to support? A: Both the Democratic and Republican parties send delegates to their conventions based on the popular vote in the primary elections and caucuses held in each of the 50 states. But the parties have different rules on how delegates are allotted to a candidate. The Democratic Party applies uniform rules to all states. In each state, delegates are allocated in proportion to the percentage of the primary or caucus vote in each district. But a candidate must win at least 15 percent of the vote to be allocated any delegates. The Republican Party lets states determine their own rules, although it does dictate some things. Some states award delegates proportionate to the popular vote, although most such states have a minimum percentage that a candidate must reach to win any delegates. Some other states use the winner-take-all method, in which the candidate with the highest percentage of the popular vote is awarded all the delegates. Other states use a combination of the two methods. States that use the proportionate method may instead use the winner-take-all method if one candidate wins more than 50 percent of the popular vote.  In addition, the Republican Party requires that all states with nominating contests held between March 1 and March 14 use the proportional method, meaning that all the states holding votes on Super Tuesday will have to award delegates proportionally.  Q: What happens to delegates if a candidate drops out of the race? A: Another good question, because we have certainly seen that happen this year. For the Democratic Party, in every state, delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. For the Republican Party, it varies by state. In some states, delegates are required to stick with their original candidate at least through the first ballot at the Republican National Convention. In some other states, if a candidate drops out, his or her delegates may immediately pledge to another candidate. There is also a middle ground in which those delegates are reallocated to the remaining candidates. Donald Trump     7      10             50               14      81 Ted Cruz         8      3              0                6       17  Marco Rubio      7      3              0                7       17  John Kasich      1      4              0                1       6  Ben Carson       3      0              0                1       4 Hillary Clinton  23    9                                19      51   Bernie Sanders   21    15                               15      51 **Winner-take-all Republican National Committee: here here Democratic National Committee: here Battlopedia: here,_2016 Vote for Bernie: here www.realclearpolitics.com here here www.demconvention.com/ ",1
10671,U.S. lawmaker to introduce bill to broaden CFIUS mandate beyond security concerns,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Democratic lawmaker will introduce a bill on Thursday that seeks to broaden the powers of a U.S. government panel that reviews mergers for national security concerns, including giving it the ability to block a deal if it could cause job losses, but it faces an uphill battle in the Republican-controlled House. According to a draft copy of the proposed legislation reviewed by Reuters, the multi-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) would be able to review a deal “to determine whether such transaction is of net benefit to the United States.” If the legislation passed, CFIUS would consider a proposed deal’s effect on employment, product innovation, and public health and safety, as well as national security, according to the draft reviewed by Reuters. It would also consider factors like whether a foreign company purchasing a U.S. company abides by U.S. rules concerning disclosure and transparency. But it is unclear whether the measure, which will be introduced by Connecticut Rep. Rosa DeLauro, has support from other lawmakers in the House. A spokesman for Republicans in the House Committee on Financial Services, which considered an earlier version of the bill in 2014, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Even if the DeLauro bill passed the House, there would need to be companion legislation passed in the Senate and then it would still need to get signed into law by President Barack Obama.     There is currently no companion bill in the Senate, according to a source on Capitol Hill. DeLauro introduced her previous bill following the U.S. approval of China-based Shuanghui International Holdings Ltd’s $4.7 billion acquisition of pork producer Smithfield Foods Inc, but it never went to the full House for a vote. While the House bill does not target China specifically, it could have most implications for the country. In 2014, the last year for which data is available, CFIUS looked at more deals involving China than any other country for the third year in a row. It comes amid signs of increased concerns in Washington about a flurry of proposed takeovers of American companies by Chinese entities.     Still, such sweeping legislation could be a tall order for the administration at a time of already tense Sino-U.S. relations. Earlier this month, 46 U.S. lawmakers, most of them Republicans, urged CFIUS to take a hard look at a bid by a Chinese company, Chongqing Casin Enterprise Group, to buy the storied Chicago Stock Exchange because of fears that the deal would give China access to the data of U.S. companies who use the exchange.        In the past few weeks alone, CFIUS concerns have killed three proposed Chinese investments. On Tuesday, Western Digital Corp (WDC.O) said China’s Unisplendour Corp Ltd (000938.SZ) backed out of buying a stake in the U.S. company because CFIUS planned to probe it. ",1
10672,"U.S. looks to Facebook, private groups to battle online extremism","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government, acknowledging its limited success in combating Islamic extremist messaging, is recruiting tech companies, community organizations and educational groups to take the lead in disrupting online radicalization. The change in strategy, which took a step forward on Wednesday when the Justice Department convened a meeting with social media firms including Facebook Inc, Twitter and Alphabet Inc’s Google , comes despite what critics say is scant evidence on the effectiveness of such efforts. The meeting was “a recognition that the government is ill-positioned and ill-equipped to counter ISIS online,” Seamus Hughes, deputy director of George Washington University’s Program on Extremism, said after attending the event, using an acronym for the Islamic State group. The federal government is not best placed to counter extremist online recruitment efforts with messaging of its own, said George Selim, director of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) office that coordinates the government’s “countering violent extremism” (CVE) activities.  The goal now, he said, is to help “communities and young people to amplify their own messages.” Those messages stem from so-called “counter-narrative” programs underway at schools and community groups that have varying degrees of government support, according to government officials and private sector experts.   Past campaigns by the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama to thwart extremist propaganda globally were widely regarded as too reliant on fear-based rhetoric and graphic imagery to be effective.  But whether the new joint effort with the private sector will fare better remains unclear, say experts in countering extremism.  The Obama administration has had an uneasy relationship with Silicon Valley in recent years. Twitter and other tech firms have been reticent to appear too cozy with authorities on how they manage their content, though most have cautiously drifted toward being more compliant over the past year.   Facebook last year partnered with British research group Demos to examine the impact of “counter-messaging” against hate speech in four European countries. The study, released in October, concluded it was “extremely difficult to calculate with any degree of precision” whether such efforts have a real impact on long-term attitudes or offline behavior. “You don’t necessarily know if something is going to change the way someone thinks offline, but we can measure whether somebody shares that content or interacts with it,” Monica Bickert, Facebook’s head of global policy management, told Reuters. One of the new programs, funded partly by Facebook and multiple government agencies, underwrites “peer-to-peer” (P2P) college courses that teach students to create their own anti-militant messaging.  Facebook declined to say how much it was investing in the program, though Selim described Facebook’s overall investment in CVE initiatives as “very significant.” Fatemah Yousef, a student at Kuwait Gulf University for Science and Technology student, flew to Washington this month to join a Facebook event showcasing counter-messaging projects created by students. Yousef, 23, exhibited a blog that encourages Kuwaiti students to denounce violent extremism on social media. Another P2P finalist, a group from the University of Arkansas, produced a video showing graphic Islamic State executions set to heavy metal band Black Sabbath’s “War Pigs.” Half way through, the video switched to Bob Dylan’s “The Times They Are A-Changin’” as captions urged viewers to “raise a flag” against extremism. After viewing the video, a judge in the contest told the students that “probably about 90 to 95 percent” of the images in the video had been used in violent extremist recruitment videos. “We’ve had this problem in other places where people try to instill fear in target audiences by showing all this mayhem, but it actually does the reverse with some,” said the judge, Quintan Wiktorowicz, a former White House director for community partnerships. Another effort is underway at WORDE, a Muslim educational organization in Maryland, which last week launched a campaign that aims to refute Islamic State messages through catchy videos and live broadcasts of discussions about mainstream Islam.  WORDE plans to use software or survey questions to gauge the impact of its new counter-messaging campaign, said Hedieh Mirahmadi, the group’s president. “Everybody creates stuff but doesn’t really care about whether it’s connected to the science of evaluations,” Mirahmadi told Reuters.  Democratic New Jersey Senator Cory Booker told Reuters that he is working on two bills — one of which has already passed committee in the Senate — that would give DHS the authority to fund more college classes and research on how to best counter Islamic State’s slick propaganda campaigns. “Government messages do not prove to have that type of virality,” Booker said. The P2P program is the only private sector counter-messaging initiative that acknowledges receiving training from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, but a senior FBI official said the agency provides information to other non-governmental groups whose CVE-related work may include counter-messaging. Some efforts avoid federal funding altogether.  Mohamed Magid, a Virginia imam who has counseled several youth targeted by Islamic State recruiters, leads an Islamic foundation soliciting donations to create a 24/7 online operation that would answer each Islamic State video with peaceful messages.  “If we say this is a government thing, it might not have legitimacy,” Magid said. “We’re challenging the Muslim community to say, on this, yourself, respond to the challenge.”        ",1
10673,Texas court dismisses indictment against former governor Rick Perry,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals on Wednesday dismissed an abuse of power indictment against Rick Perry, ending a case that dragged on the former Texas governor’s unsuccessful bid for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Perry, who campaigned for the nomination in 2012 and 2016, faced a first-degree felony charge in state courts that could have brought up to 99 years in prison because of a funding veto he made in 2013 seen as being intended to force a Texas county district attorney to resign. “When the only act that is being prosecuted is a veto, then the prosecution itself violates separation of powers,” the court said. The longest serving governor in Texas history, Perry, 65, was indicted on the two charges in August 2014 by a grand jury in Travis County, a Democratic stronghold in the heavily Republican state. “The court’s decision today proves that this indictment was nothing less than a baseless political attack,” Perry told a news conference. “I have always known that the actions that I took were not only lawful and legal - they were right.” He first threatened and then vetoed $7.5 million for an integrity unit in the Travis County District Attorney’s office. Many said Perry played hardball politics to force out county District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, a Democrat, after she pleaded guilty to drunken driving. In July 2015, a Texas state appeals court threw out a lesser charge against Perry for coercion of a public official, leaving only the abuse-of-power charge. Lawyers for Perry, whose term ended at the start of 2015, have argued the governor was acting within his powers when he made the funding cut.  A prosecutor in the case said that Perry acted unlawfully to pressure Lehmberg by threatening the funding cut. Lehmberg remained in office. In September 2015, Perry, struggling to raise money and languishing near the bottom in presidential opinion polls, became the first member of the crowded Republican field to drop out of the 2016 White House race. On the campaign trail, Perry tried to rally support among Republican voters by saying the indictment was the result of a partisan attack by Democrats. Analysts noted, however, the threat of a trial during his campaign likely scared away major donors, dooming a campaign seen as a long-shot.  Perry dropped out of a gaffe-filled campaign for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination. ",1
10674,Senate confirms Dr. Robert Califf to lead FDA,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to confirm Dr. Robert Califf as head of the Food and Drug Administration, an agency that regulates everything from food and drugs to tobacco, cosmetics and dietary supplements. Califf, 64, a well-regarded cardiologist and researcher, takes the helm at the FDA when lawmakers are pressuring it to speed the approval process for drugs and medical devices and to finalize a proposed rule giving it authority to regulate e-cigarettes. He said one of his first priorities is to strengthen the workforce by reaching out to academic and other centers to attract new talent and create professional “homes” for scientists who work at the FDA. For example, he said in an interview, “we’ve been working to create a coordinated effort to have all our statisticians have an identity and support services that they need.” “For docs like me,” he added, that might mean help with administrative matters such as keeping medical licenses up to date. Another priority for Califf is improving surveillance systems to monitor for safety. “We’re not proposing to do away with the adverse event reporting system that currently exists,” he said, “but we are acutely aware that it is not enough.”  Tools to monitor the safety of medical devices also need to be modernized, he said, and though it will not happen overnight, “we have to do the hard work of making it happen.” He said he thinks medical professions also need to “step up” and be part of the process. And he said getting the authority to regulate e-cigarettes is also a priority. The FDA is also attempting to implement sweeping new regulations to improve food safety and has begun to tackle the approval process for biosimilars, which are cheaper versions of biologic drugs. The U.S. House of Representatives recently passed the 21st Century Cures Act, which would require the FDA to consider more flexible forms of clinical trials. The Senate is considering similar legislation. The rate of new drug approvals at the FDA is higher than it has been in decades. Last year it approved 45 new drugs, the most since 1996. From 2006 through 2014 it has averaged about 28 new drug approvals per year. Lawmakers and patient groups want the agency to move even faster. Califf has worked on many high-profile clinical studies, and has said he is eager to make the clinical trial process more efficient. Four senators, including Democrat Edward Markey of Massachusetts and Joe Manchin of West Virginia, opposed Califf’s nomination. They took the opportunity leading up to the vote to lambaste the FDA for what they said was a lax approach to approving potentially addictive opioid painkillers. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was also among the senators who opposed the nomination, saying Califf’s ties to the pharmaceutical industry made him unfit to regulate it impartially.  Califf joined the FDA as a deputy commissioner a year ago. Previously he held senior positions at Duke University, where he founded a large academic research center that received more than half its funding from the drug industry. He has said the funding never compromised his research. Califf’s confirmation was widely expected. He fills the position left by Dr. Margaret Hamburg, who stepped down after six years as commissioner. Dr. Stephen Ostroff has filled the post on an interim basis. ",1
10675,Detroit mayor eyes legal action over pension shortfall,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Detroit may sue some of the consultants who worked on its historic municipal bankruptcy over a $490 million pension funding shortfall that will result in bigger-than-expected city payments starting in 2024, according to Mayor Mike Duggan. In his state of the city address on Tuesday night, Duggan said he is seeking advice from the city’s legal department to review any possible claims against consultants. The mayor blamed the projected deficit on outdated mortality tables used by the consultants that assume retirees will not live as long. The consultants were hired under the city’s former emergency manager, Kevyn Orr. Orr, an attorney at law firm Jones Day, who was tapped by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder in 2013 to run Detroit, declined to comment. A representative of Milliman, the city’s actuarial consultant, could not be reached for comment. Detroit exited the biggest-ever U.S. municipal bankruptcy in December 2014, shedding about $7 billion of its $18 billion of debt and obligations. The city paid $177 million in legal and consultant fees to dozens of firms. The city’s court-approved debt adjustment plan contained money to pay for pensions over the first 10 post-bankruptcy years, according to John Naglick, Detroit finance director. The plan also projected contributions by the city starting in 2024 needed to amortize the unfunded pension liability which was understated by $490 million, he added. Detroit’s contribution to its two retirement systems is expected to total $194.4 million in 2024, which is $84.4 million more than anticipated in the debt adjustment plan, according to a Nov. 24 report by Detroit’s financial review commission. To start addressing the shortfall, Duggan said $10 million in surplus money will be tapped for pensions for this year and next. ",1
10676,House Republicans ready legal fight against Obama's Guantanamo plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the House of Representatives are preparing legal action in case President Barack Obama tries to transfer detainees at the military prison at Guantanamo Bay to the United States, House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday. Ryan told reporters it would be against the law for Obama to bring detainees from the prison in Cuba to the United States, because it would violate a ban on such transfers passed by Congress in 2015. He was speaking a day after the president, seeking to make good on a pledge he made in 2008 before he was first elected to the White House, launched a final push to persuade Congress to close the military prison for foreign terrorism suspects. The Pentagon-authored plan proposes 13 potential sites on U.S. soil to hold some 30 to 60 detainees in maximum-security prisons. Obama is also considering taking executive action to close Guantanamo, situated at a U.S. naval station in southeast Cuba, if Congress does not drop its opposition. “Our law is really clear,” Ryan told reporters after a meeting of House Republicans. “These detainees cannot come to American soil.”  “We are making legal preparations if the president tries to break the law,” Ryan said. “And what boggles my mind is that the president is contemplating directing the military to knowingly break the law.”  The speaker said that Obama is trying to extend the president’s executive authority beyond its limits of the U.S. Constitution. Ryan added that not only Republicans but also many in Obama’s own Democratic Party oppose detainee transfers to U.S. soil. Democrats accused House Republicans of wasting taxpayer dollars on litigation. In recent years the House Republican majority has spent nearly $3 million in this way, said Drew Hammill, a spokesman for House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. House Republicans have spent $189,498 since November 2014 on litigation challenging the administration’s Obamacare healthcare program, and recently agreed to spend up to $150,000 on legal advice on the possible Guantanamo litigation, Pelosi’s office said. A spokesman for Ryan, Brendan Buck, defended the spending, saying “we wouldn’t have to spend so much money if the president wasn’t overreaching.” Pelosi’s office said that under former House Speaker John Boehner, House Republicans spent $2.5 million defending a law that denied federal benefits to same-sex couples, before the language was struck down by the Supreme Court. ",1
10677,Spy agencies say Clinton emails closely matched top secret documents: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. spy agencies have told Congress that Hillary Clinton’s home computer server contained some emails that should have been treated as “top secret” because their wording matched sections of some of the government’s most highly classified documents, four sources familiar with the agency reports said.     The two reports are the first formal declarations by U.S. spy agencies detailing how they believe Clinton violated government rules when highly classified information in at least 22 email messages passed through her unsecured home server.     The State Department has already acknowledged that the emails contained top secret intelligence, though it says they were not marked that way. It has not previously been clear if the emails contained full classified documents or only some information from them.     The agencies did not find any top secret documents that passed through Clinton’s server in their full version, the sources from Congress and the government’s executive branch said.      However, the agency reports found some emails included passages that closely tracked or mirrored communications marked “top secret,” according to the sources, who all requested anonymity. In some cases, additional classification markings meant access was supposed to be limited to small groups of specially cleared officials.      Under the law and government rules, U.S. officials and contractors may not transmit any classified information - not only documents - outside secure, government-controlled channels. Such information should not be sent even through the government’s .gov email network.     The front-runner for the Democratic nomination for president and former secretary of state has insisted she broke no rules. Clinton’s lawyer, David Kendall, did not respond to a request for comment. Clinton campaign spokespeople did not respond to multiple requests for comment.      Two sources said some of the top secret material was related to the CIA’s campaign of drone strikes against Islamist militants in the Middle East and South Asia.      That campaign has been widely reported by Reuters and other media outlets, but it officially is classified as a “Top Secret/Special Access Program” (SAP), meaning only a limited number of people whose names are on a special list are allowed to learn details about it.     One source said the reports identified some information in messages on Clinton’s server that came from human sources, such as confidential CIA informants, and some from technical systems, such as spy satellites or electronic eavesdropping.     The Clinton campaign criticized the State Department’s decision last month to withhold the 22 emails containing top secret information from the public, blaming it on “bureaucratic infighting” and “over-classification run amok.”     “As we have previously made clear, we are not going to speak to the content of the emails,” a State Department official said on Wednesday when asked about the intelligence agency reports.     Clinton’s use of a private server in her New York home for her government work is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the State Department’s and spy community’s internal watchdogs and several Republican-controlled congressional committees.     Two of the sources told Reuters that one of the reports on the emails came from the CIA. Three sources said the other report came from the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (NGA), which analyzes U.S. spy satellite intelligence.     A spokesman for NGA did not immediately respond to requests for comment. CIA spokespeople declined to comment.        The two spy agencies’ reports were sent to Congress in the past few weeks by the intelligence community inspector general, an official government watchdog for multiple spy agencies.     The inspector general’s office has confirmed that it requested the reports from two intelligence agencies, but didn’t identify them.      It was unclear what the congressional committees that received the classified reports, the House and Senate intelligence and foreign relations panels, will do with them. The contents cannot be discussed publicly. The committees requested intelligence reports in connection with their efforts to ensure that government secrets are appropriately protected.  (Editing by Stuart Grudgings) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10678,Ex-California lawmaker Yee sentenced to five years in prison,"(Reuters) - Former California Democratic state Senator Leland Yee received a five-year prison sentence on Wednesday for conspiracy in a corruption case that involved bribery, weapons trafficking and money laundering, federal prosecutors said. Lee, 67, pleaded guilty to the conspiracy charge after his arrest in 2014 in a sweep that included suspected leaders of organized crime in San Francisco, the city he represented in the state legislature. Prosecutors had sought an eight-year sentence for Yee, whose guilty plea in federal court in San Francisco last July marked the end of a long political career that included two terms on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, as well as election to the California Assembly and Senate. Yee was the third California state senator charged in 2014 in separate criminal cases. All three eventually left office, costing the Democrats a key two-thirds legislative majority. ",1
10679,Senators reach deal to help state water programs after Flint,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senators unveiled legislation on Wednesday providing federal aid to help states fix water infrastructure in the wake of Flint, Michigan’s crisis over lead-tainted drinking water.  Senators James Inhofe, an Oklahoma Republican, and Debbie Stabenow, a Michigan Democrat, and others introduced the measure providing $100 million to a revolving fund states can tap if they have drinking water problems. The funding in the agreement is paid for by cuts from the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing loans for auto companies, aimed to speed development of electric cars and other technologies. Inhofe called it a “failed program” that hasn’t been used in more than a year and has only issued five loans since 2008. It was unclear whether the measure would be attached to a wide-ranging energy bill that failed to advance early this month or whether the senators would try to pass it as a separate bill.  Under the plan, states must first explain how the money would be spent, according to details of the agreement. If they do not use the aid in 18 months, it would return to the federal government.  “This is not a blank check,” according to a document explaining the deal. Thousands of children in Flint, a predominantly African-American city of 100,000, are believed to have consumed dangerous amounts of lead in drinking water after a state-appointed emergency manager directed the city to switch from Detroit’s drinking water supply to the Flint River. Lead is a neurotoxin that can harm brain development in children.  Under the deal, Flint and the states would also have access to $70 million in a credit subsidy under a federal program called the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Authority, or WIFIA. Congress conceived the WIFIA to help lower borrowing costs for municipal water projects. The federal program acts as a loan guarantee, rather than a grant, and is aimed at bringing borrowing costs in line with U.S. government bond rates. Some critics say local governments need direct federal aid, not borrowing support, to improve infrastructure. There would also be $50 million in aid available for national use for a childhood lead poisoning prevention program, a health registry and other items. Earlier this month, Michigan lawmakers had at first opposed getting funding from the advanced vehicles program, saying it would hurt auto workers. ",1
10680,U.S. senators urge NHTSA to accelerate Takata air bag recall,"DETROIT/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senators Edward Markey and Richard Blumenthal on Wednesday renewed their call for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to accelerate the recall of potentially defective Takata Corp air bags. The lawmakers cited a report on Tuesday by the Senate Commerce Committee alleging Takata “falsified data to cover up problems” with its air bags, and said the Japanese supplier might have lied to safety regulators for years. On Wednesday, NHTSA spokesman Gordon Trowbridge said the agency “has taken unprecedented efforts to address the Takata issue, including the first use of the agency’s accelerated remedy authority,” and that it will “continue to use every tool available to make sure every American vehicle has safe air bags.” Reuters reported on Monday that NHTSA continues to investigate whether the recalls of nearly 29 million defective Takata inflators in the United States should be expanded to include another 70 million to 90 million inflators with ammonium nitrate. In a statement, Markey and Blumenthal described the additional air bags as “potentially lethal” and “ticking time bombs” and said the company showed a “pernicious disregard” for the safety of U.S. drivers. NHTSA on Tuesday cited a consent order issued last November under which all Takata ammonium nitrate-based inflators must be recalled by 2019 “unless Takata can establish their long-term safety.” The agency has said that some replacement inflators “may be effective for several years, but not for the full life of your vehicle, and therefore may also have to be replaced.” On Wednesday, Takata said it has “dramatically increased” production of replacement parts and through its consent order with NHTSA is “committed to a comprehensive framework to address safety concerns with airbag inflators, including through service life testing of inflators not subject to recall.” Former managers interviewed by Reuters described “chronic” quality failures at Takata’s North American plants, an assessment reflected in dozens of company emails and documents dating to 2001. Those problems, the former managers said, make it difficult for the company and regulators to pinpoint which inflators, among tens of millions, pose a danger. When exposed to moisture, ammonium nitrate can cause the inflator to rupture with deadly force, spraying shrapnel into vehicle occupants. On Tuesday, a group of 10 automakers said the cause of Takata air bag ruptures linked to 10 deaths and more than 100 injuries is a combination of exposure to humidity, design and manufacturing issues, and use of ammonium nitrate. ",1
10681,"Obama names first African-American, woman to be Librarian of Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Baltimore library chief Carla Hayden, a defender of library users’ freedom from surveillance, was nominated by President Barack Obama on Wednesday to be Librarian of Congress, the first African-American and first woman in the post. Hayden, who since 1993 has served as chief executive of the Enoch Pratt Free Library, Baltimore’s public library system, is renowned for modernizing libraries so that users can take part in the digital culture, Obama said in a statement. “She has the proven experience, dedication and deep knowledge of our nation’s libraries to serve our country well,” Obama said in a statement. Hayden would replace Acting Librarian David Mao, who stepped in after James Billington retired in October after 28 years running the world’s largest library. If confirmed by Congress, Hayden would be the 14th Librarian of Congress. American Library Association President Sari Felman praised the nomination, saying in a statement: “The president could not have made a better choice.” As president of the American Library Association in 2003 to 2004, Hayden publicly opposed part of the Patriot Act, controversial legislation aimed at fighting extremism after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. She objected in particular to a section of the act that gave the U.S. Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation the power to access library user records. When then-Attorney General John Ashcroft said that the library association had been misled into opposing that part of the law, Hayden said the group was “deeply concerned that the attorney general should be so openly contemptuous” of librarians, the Library Journal reported. After the criticism from Hayden, Ashcroft dropped his refusal to make public any information about the use of that section and said it had not been employed to get access to library records, the journal said. Hayden is the former chief librarian of the Chicago Public Library, and was an assistant professor for library science at the University of Pittsburgh. Obama named her to the National Museum and Library Services Board in 2010. The Library of Congress is the U.S.’ oldest federal institution and has more than 158 million items. They include 36 million books and other print materials in 460 languages. Congress established the library in 1800, but British troops burned the collection in 1814. President Thomas Jefferson offered his personal library of 6,500 books as a replacement and it is the foundation of the current collection. ",1
10682,White House weighs possible Supreme Court nomination of Gov. Sandoval: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval, a Republican and a former federal judge, is being considered by President Barack Obama for a possible appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court replacing the late Justice Antonin Scalia, a source close to the process said on Wednesday. The source, who asked not to be identified, said Sandoval met on Monday in the U.S. Capitol with Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, at which time Reid asked the governor whether he would be interested in being considered for the high court job. “He said he was interested,” the source said, adding that “a number of people are being checked out” for the job. ",1
10683,Clinton picks up endorsement from Senate Minority Leader Reid: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top Senate Democrat Harry Reid said on Wednesday he would support Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for the party’s nomination in the November election. In an interview with CNN, Reid said he thought the middle class would be better served by Clinton than by her rival Bernie Sanders, an Independent Senator from Vermont. ",1
10684,Online bettors see Donald Trump as odds-on Republican nominee,"NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s chances of winning the Republican nomination for the White House shot to a record high at online betting sites around the world on Wednesday after his latest victory in voting in Nevada. Betting venues in Britain, Ireland and New Zealand show the online wagering community coalescing around Trump, once considered a rank outsider attracting long-shot odds of 200/1. Following his double-digit margin win in Nevada’s Republican caucuses on Tuesday, his third victory in the first four early nominating contests, odds have tightened all the way to 1/2 in some cases. “Mr Trump has triumphed yet again, despite political analysts almost unanimously writing him off as a serious presidential contender,” said Graham Sharpe from William Hill, adding one customer stood to collect at least $100,000 if Trump was elected to the White House on Nov. 8.  William Hill and Betway make Trump 1/2 favorite to get the Republican nod, while Ladbrokes cut his odds to 4/9, the same as those shown on Ireland’s PaddyPower. His nearest rival, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio from Florida, featured odds of 6/1 on Ladbrokes. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who has been battling with Rubio for the No. 2 spot in the early voting states, has sunk to a deep longshot. Paddy Power gives Cruz odds of 33/1, its site shows. Bettors also markedly cut the odds on Trump becoming president, although he still trails Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, who won Nevada’s Democratic caucuses on Saturday. Jessica Bridge from Ladbrokes said Trump was on a roll heading into Super Tuesday on March 1, when several U.S. states hold nominating contests. On PredictIt, a site operated by Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand, Trump’s chances of winning the Republican nod were the highest since it started tracking the race in October 2015.  A Trump bet there, on a scale of $0.00 to $1, stood at 72 cents, up 4 cents, while Rubio tumbled 7 cents to 24 cents and Cruz sank a penny to 4 cents, matching a record low.  (Reporting by Michael Holden in London and Dan Burns in New York; Editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Howard Goller) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10685,Senate confirms Dr. Robert Califf to lead FDA,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm Dr. Robert Califf as Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, an agency that regulates everything from food and drugs to tobacco, cosmetics and dietary supplements. Califf, 64, is a well-regarded cardiologist and researcher who takes the helm at the FDA at a time it is under pressure from lawmakers to speed the approval process for drugs and medical devices and finalize a proposed rule giving it authority to regulate e-cigarettes. The agency is also attempting to implement sweeping new regulations to improve food safety, and has begun to tackle the approval process for biosimilars, which are cheaper versions of biologic drugs. Califf’s nomination was opposed by the Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who said Califf’s ties to the pharmaceutical industry made him unfit to regulate the industry impartially. It was also opposed by several senators who believe the agency needs to do more to combat opioid addiction. Several senators, including Democrat Edward Markey of Massachusetts and Joe Manchin of West Virginia, took the opportunity leading up to the vote to lambaste the FDA for what they said was a lax approach to approving potentially addictive opioid painkillers. ",1
10686,Obama: Republicans risk diminishing credibility of Supreme Court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Wednesday said he expected the Senate judiciary committee to hold a hearing for his eventual Supreme Court nominee and said it would be difficult for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to block the process for political reasons. Obama, speaking to reporters in the Oval Office, said if Republicans defy their constitutional duties, it would deter the ability of any president to make judicial appointments and would diminish the credibility of the Supreme Court. ",1
10687,Trump gains first endorsement from member of Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Representative Chris Collins backed Donald Trump for his party’s presidential nomination on Wednesday, becoming the first sitting member of Congress to formally endorse the billionaire businessman. Collins of New York had previously endorsed former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who dropped out of the race on Saturday. “We need a president willing to make the tough decisions necessary to restore our country to greatness,” Collins said in a statement. “I believe Donald Trump is the man for the job, and I am proud to provide him with my support.”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella; Editing by Susan Heavey) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10688,Senator Corker: Congress won't end Cuba embargo under Obama,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Wednesday he did not expect Congress to lift the half-century-long embargo against Cuba this year but it could happen under a new president, if there are changes in Havana. President Barack Obama has been moving quickly toward more normal relations with Havana in the past 14 months but the crippling trade embargo is one of the remaining major obstacles. “It’s not going to happen this year but I think it’s something that could happen as we move into a new president(‘s administration),” Republican Senator Bob Corker told journalists at a breakfast sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor. “If Cuba were to evolve its behavior and people were able to see results from what’s happening with the executive order changes that are occurring, then I think it’s possible,” he said. Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro announced in December 2014 that they would normalize relations after decades of hostility. Those changes have been strongly opposed by many congressional Republicans, who say Cuba needs to do more to improve human rights before trade is eased. Obama, a Democrat, has used his executive powers to ease restrictions on travel and trade. His administration just announced that next month Obama would become the first U.S. president to visit Havana since 1928. But the U.S. trade embargo, imposed on the communist-ruled nation in 1960, cannot be lifted without congressional approval. Republicans control Congress and although several agree with the overwhelming majority of Democrats who want the embargo ended, the party’s congressional leaders are strongly opposed. Corker has not taken a position but has noted in the past that the embargo has not changed Cuban policy. The politics are more complicated because two Cuban-American senators vying for the Republican presidential nomination, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, are vocal opponents of Obama’s policy and party leaders are unlikely to come out against them during the campaign. Corker said things are already changing, although Havana still needs to change. “To me it appears that things are gradually moving along. We have air flights that are now going in, and it seems to me that this is going to be a year where those things take hold,” Corker said. “Obviously there’s still tremendous human rights abuses that are taking place in Cuba,” he said. ",1
10689,Pennsylvania governor Wolf has 'treatable' prostate cancer,"(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf announced on Wednesday that he has a “treatable form” of prostate cancer but said it would not interfere with his official duties. “I’m not going to be incapacitated at all by this,” Wolf told reporters at a news conference alongside his wife, Frances. “It’s eminently treatable.” The 67-year-old Democrat said he would begin a months-long regimen of treatment within the coming weeks. He would not go into details of the treatment but described it as “minor” and “routine” and said it would not include chemotherapy. Wolf, a businessman, defeated Republican incumbent Tom Corbett in 2014. Since his election, the state has been locked in a bitter budget battle. It still has only a partial spending plan for the current fiscal year, which began more than seven months ago. Illinois, the U.S. state with the country’s lowest credit rating, is the only other state without a current budget in place. Wolf and the Republican-controlled state legislature have been fighting over whether to implement a severance tax on natural gas producers, among other tax hikes, and use the revenues to increase education spending. Wolf said his doctor found some abnormalities during a routine examination in late November or early December and that further testing had confirmed the cancer. “Prostate cancer is something that older men get,” he said. “A lot of older men die with prostate cancer; not a lot die of it.” He said he hoped his announcement would reinforce the importance of getting annual checkups. Other governors have also continued to work while undergoing treatment for cancer. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, 59, a Republican, pledged in June 2015 to keep working despite chemotherapy for advanced cancer of the lymph nodes. California Governor Jerry Brown, 77, a Democrat, kept a full schedule in 2012 while receiving treatment for prostate cancer. ",1
10690,Trump loves 'the poorly educated' ... and social media clamors,"(Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump’s declaration of love for “the poorly educated” in his Nevada victory speech lit up social media on Wednesday, sparking a battle between those dumbfounded by the remark and those saying it had been taken out of context.  After winning the vote of the state’s Republicans by a wide margin on Tuesday, the real estate billionaire rattled off a list of those groups who swept him to victory: “We won with young. We won with old. We won with highly educated. We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.”  By Wednesday morning, the phrase “I LOVE THE POORLY EDUCATED” was trending heavily. On Twitter, it was tweeted roughly 15 times a minute, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph.  ""I am, by modern standards, poorly educated, and I think that Donald Trump is a threat to America,"" tweeted Aaron Camp (@AaronApolloCamp).  Another Twitter user, Kat (@VTweddingPhoto), wrote, “This is an embarrassment. For the GOP and for us as Americans. The world is once again laughing.”  Others said Trump’s remark was being taken out of context, as he also touted having won the support of “the highly educated.”  ""To be fair with Trump, he said 'I love the highly educated and the poorly educated'. Don't take it out of context,"" tweeted Super Bowl Champs (@Josh_D_Manning).  Dan Slott (@DanSlott) was not swayed. “We won the poorly educated vote. I love the poorly educated” - Trump Not a joke. Not parody. Not out of context. Trump ACTUALLY said this.”  Trump has won three of the four state-by-state Republican nominating contests, including Nevada, in the run-up to the party nominating convention in July and the Nov. 8 general election to succeed President Barack Obama.  ",1
10691,"White House names new energy, climate adviser at National Security Council","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House named a new adviser to President Barack Obama on climate and energy at the National Security Council, a spokesman said on Wednesday. The adviser, John Morton, was previously the chief operating officer at the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.  He replaces Paul Bodnar, who helped push for cooperation between the United States and China on climate and for a global agreement at climate talks in Paris last year. Morton, who began his career at the World Bank, takes the job after the Supreme Court this month put a hold on Obama’s Clean Power Plan to cut emissions from power plants, a major part of the president’s strategy to fight climate change. The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia four days later may have opened a path for the rule’s survival. But the administration’s plan could face other legal hurdles from Republicans and fossil fuel interests during Obama’s last year in office. ",1
10692,Senate Republicans rule out action on Obama high court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-led U.S. Senate on Tuesday ruled out taking  action on any nominee put forth by President Barack Obama to the Supreme Court in a political power move intended to thwart his ability to change the court’s ideological balance. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate will not hold hearings or vote on any nominee to replace long-serving conservative Justice Antonin Scalia until after the next president takes office next January. Scalia died on Feb. 13. McConnell, a Republican nemesis of Obama during the president’s seven years in office, said he even would refuse the standard courtesy of meeting with whomever Obama chooses. Under the U.S. Constitution, the Senate has the power to confirm or reject a president’s Supreme Court selection. With the U.S. presidential election looming on Nov. 8, Republicans were aiming to allow the next president to fill Scalia’s vacancy, hoping a Republican will be elected. “This nomination will be determined by whoever wins the presidency in the fall,” McConnell said, adding that the overwhelming view of Senate Republicans was that “this vacancy should not be filled by this lame-duck president.” Obama’s nominee could tip the court to the left for the first time in decades. Scalia’s death left the court with four liberal and four conservatives. Not since the contentious nominations by Republican presidents of Robert Bork in 1987 and Clarence Thomas in 1991 has there been such an intense fight over a Supreme Court vacancy - and Obama has yet to announce his pick.  The White House and Senate Democrats condemned McConnell’s stance. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid called it “obstruction on steroids,” adding: “Gone are the days of levelheadedness and compromise.” McConnell and other congressional Republicans have sought to block numerous Obama initiatives, including his signature healthcare law, the Iran nuclear deal, immigration policy and efforts to battle climate change. McConnell invoked a past statement by Obama’s vice president, Joe Biden, to help justify Supreme Court inaction. McConnell noted that Biden, as Senate Judiciary Committee chairman in 1992, argued for postponing action on Supreme Court nominees during an election year. Biden has since said he was speaking hypothetically because there was no Supreme Court vacancy at the time. McConnell made his announcement after Chairman Chuck Grassley and the other Republican members of the Judiciary Committee sent him a letter saying the panel would not hold confirmation hearings. Grassley had previously left open the possibility of convening hearings. Alluding to the Nov. 8 presidential election, Republican senators told McConnell in the letter they wanted “to ensure the American people are not deprived of the opportunity to engage in a full and robust debate over the type of jurist they wish to decide some of the most critical issues of our time.” If the Senate does not consider a nominee until after a new president takes office, it would be unlikely that the Supreme Court would have its full complement of nine justices any sooner than early 2017. That would mean the court would be shorthanded for more than a year, hampering its ability to decide cases. In cases that end in 4-4 rulings, lower-court decisions stand and no national precedent is set. Reid said the Republican strategy was driven by the Republican party’s right wing. “It’s what Donald Trump and Ted Cruz want,” Reid said, referring to two of the Republican presidential candidates. But Reid said Senate Democrats would not become “the obstruct caucus” and block legislation such as appropriations bills in retaliation for the Republican inaction. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said blocking a hearing for Obama’s nominee would be unprecedented and would “subject the Supreme Court to the kind of politics that they’ve been insulated from for more than two centuries.” “Since 1875, a president’s nominee has never been denied a hearing unless that president later withdrew that nomination,” Earnest said. In remarks on the Senate floor, McConnell said, “Presidents have a right to nominate, just as the Senate has its constitutional right to provide or withhold consent. In this case, the Senate will withhold it.” Chuck Schumer, a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, predicted that the Republican position would crumble as voters put pressure on vulnerable Republican Senate incumbents seeking re-election to consider Obama’s nominee. “It’s not just a risky strategy, it’s the wrong strategy and it’s going to fail,” Schumer said of the Senate Republicans. But Senator Orrin Hatch, a Republican Judiciary Committee member, countered, “I’m not concerned about that (public pressure). We’re standing for a principle that the next president ought to resolve this problem.” Democrats are badly outnumbered in the 100-member Senate, falling far short of the 60 votes needed to advance controversial legislation much less a Supreme Court nomination. Counting the two independents who caucus with them, Democrats control 46 seats, with the remaining 54 held by Republicans. ",1
10693,Trump's outrage finds ready audience in struggling South,"LUCEDALE, Miss (Reuters) - Mississippi’s vast flatlands, laced with the remains of a fading industrial base, are fertile ground for the incendiary populism of Donald Trump. For the insurgent presidential candidate, there’s plenty of voter outrage to tap into here and in a swathe of other southern states that could push Trump closer to securing the Republican presidential nomination in the coming weeks. Mississippi’s unemployment rate is among the highest in the nation: more than 75,000 manufacturing jobs have disappeared in the past 15 years; and white voters at the core of the state’s Republican Party fear the rise of immigrant workers. The deep economic dislocation felt by many in Mississippi, reflected in Reuters interviews with dozens of voters, explains how Trump is attracting broad-based support in southern states, including from many evangelical Christian voters prepared to overlook his past liberal positions on touchstone social issues. In South Carolina last weekend, exit polls showed Trump comfortably beat both his closest rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio among evangelical voters, despite their more consistent appeals to Christian values. “Look at immigration, look at terrorism, look at the things that really matter,” said Heather Fox, a field director for the Trump campaign in Mississippi. “If we don’t have a country, it’s not going to matter about the Bible or the Constitution because we are going to be dead and gone,” she added during a recent gathering of Republican voters in a Holiday Inn conference room in Lucedale, southern Mississippi, that began with a prayer.  Caleb Howell, a Baptist deacon, says even those with jobs often see little chance of promotion. “There are not many options,” he said, “even for preachers.” From the Mississippi coast through Alabama, Tennessee and the Appalachian coalfields of Kentucky, America’s economic recovery has been patchy if not outright elusive. The four-state region is the country’s least educated and least well paid, according to federal jobs data. Politically, the region has emerged as a bedrock of support for billionaire real estate mogul Trump, who has hammered home his pledge to return America to “winning” ways versus foreign competitors and foes. In polling conducted for Reuters by Ipsos, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee and Kentucky ranked among Trump’s top seven states nationally, with more than 40 percent of Republicans and independent poll participants backing him. (See this graphic on census data from Trump's heartland. here) Alabama and Tennessee vote on March 1 on “Super Tuesday”, along with 13 other states and territories in the heated race to select the Republican Party’s presidential candidate. Kentucky holds a Republican caucus on March 5 and Mississippians vote in their party primary on March 8. The 2007 to 2009 economic crisis fell particularly hard on Mississippi and neighboring states. The number of jobs fell faster than in much of the rest of the country, climbed back more slowly, and as of last year remained more than 200,000 short of where it was before the crisis, federal data show. Economic and cultural dislocation runs strong, whether it’s anger over Washington’s regulatory reach into industries like coal mining, the perceived threat to conservative values on issues like same-sex marriage, or the conviction that the economy no longer works for average Americans. A nation-leading 32 percent of the adult population in the four-state region has only a high school degree, a problem at a time when the fastest job and wage growth is in occupations that require a bachelor’s degree or more. Since 2000, jobs available in Mississippi for those with only a high school degree fell five percent, according to a Reuters analysis of federal occupational data.   Between 2000 and 2014, median household income fell nearly 12 percent in Mississippi, about twice as fast as the overall U.S. decline, adjusted for inflation. Income among white households fell slightly more than 12 percent, compared to a decline of less than five percent for all whites nationally. “We’re shipping out all the work and bringing in all the people that don’t want to work,” said Walter Wright, 46, who owns a real-estate company in Hurley, Mississippi. He said he supports Trump because of his tough build-a-wall approach to stopping illegal immigration and because “he is angry.” Although the region has the lowest share of foreign-born residents in the country, at fewer than four percent, and the lowest portion of Hispanic residents, whether born in the U.S. or elsewhere, the numbers have been growing. In Alabama and Mississippi, for instance, the Hispanic population more than doubled from 2000 to 2010. That’s coincided with a difficult economy. Mississippi, once a major builder of ships and furniture, has seen an exodus of thousands of jobs in both industries to China and Mexico over the past two decades. Mississippi’s manufacturers shed 75,738 jobs between 2000 and 2015, according to Manufacturers’ News Inc, a publisher and compiler of industrial directories and databases. “We have had way too many industries shut down and now they are in Brazil, they are in Mexico, they are in China,” said Fox. Trump has said he will bring back American jobs “from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places.”  He has proposed doing this by slapping tariffs on foreign goods and negotiating better trade deals. He has threatened a 35 percent tax on Ford Motor Corp vehicles made in Mexico that are brought back to the United States to be sold. Most economists doubt Trump can revive manufacturing on its former scale in Mississippi or elsewhere, especially for unskilled workers. His threats also risk a trade war that could backfire by raising costs and hurting American jobs. While trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement may have shifted some jobs abroad, the integration of global supply chains has also helped Tennessee stand out in the region with its booming auto industry, and drawn foreign companies like Airbus to Mobile, Alabama. Republican Party officials say Trump has strong support, especially in northwest Alabama where International Paper Co shut a 43-year-old plant in 2014, laying off 1,100 workers. “The day of putting on a suit and tie at 6 in the morning and getting a clean cut shave and taking your briefcase to an office somewhere, it’s gone,” said Blake Nash, 29, a Trump supporter whose mother was let go at the plant in 2006. In Nash’s town of Lexington, near the Tennessee border, red, white and blue Trump signs sprout from streets studded with Baptist churches, the only banners of any presidential candidate in the area.      Nash, who has no health insurance and calls his university degree in health sciences worthless, recently applied for a job with a company that contracts work with Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp, but was rejected because he didn’t have the right training. With good jobs at home scarce, he works on contract in other states such as Texas.     Many farmers in Lauderdale County, the location of the International Paper plant, relied on the factory for their primary income, said Charlie Thompson, a farmer who worked there for 34 years and lost his job in 2014. Thompson, 58, former president of the Lauderdale County Farmers Federation, estimates that about 15 percent of the sacked workers were farmers, further straining a county where the number of farms was already in decline. “If you can equate signs in the yard with being popular, I would say probably Trump is a front runner around here,” said Thompson. Still, a win is no sure thing.  At the Lucedale forum, Chris McDaniel, a Republican state senator in Mississippi and Cruz supporter, hammered at Trump’s inconsistency on conservative hot-button issues such as abortion. “How sure and solid has Trump been? Just a few years ago, he was pro-choice,” McDaniel said, referring to a television interview Trump gave in 1999 when he said “I’m very pro-choice” and that he would not ban partial-birth abortions.  He has since said he is against abortion. “We are kind of afraid of what he has been in the past,” said Gussie Vise, 71, a retired teacher and wife of a local preacher. She is leaning toward Cruz but says of Trump,“we like him.”  ",1
10694,Judge orders Clinton aides to be questioned under oath on emails,"(Reuters) - A federal judge ruled on Tuesday that U.S. State Department officials and aides to Hillary Clinton should be questioned under oath about whether the former secretary of state’s use of a private email system was an effort to skirt open records laws. The ruling by U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan is likely to add to the uncertainty hovering over Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination for the November U.S. presidential election, about the legal consequences of her decision to exclusively use a private email server in her New York home for her government work. The State Department and Judicial Watch, the conservative watchdog group that sought the depositions as it sues for records about the employment of a senior Clinton aide, must agree on a plan for the depositions by April, Sullivan said in his order on Tuesday, according to court documents. Sullivan, a judge in federal court in Washington, D.C., said there was at least “a reasonable suspicion” that open records laws were undermined, the Washington Post reported. Sullivan, who was appointed by Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, said he may order the department to subpoena Clinton to return all records connected to her private email server, the newspaper reported. Clinton returned about 30,000 emails to the State Department in 2014, but said she deleted thousands of others her staff deemed not to be work-related.  Judicial Watch told the court it wanted to get sworn testimony from several senior State Department officials and Clinton associates who set up or knew about the system or dealt with requests from the public for copies of Clinton’s records, according to court documents. That could include Patrick Kennedy, the department’s under secretary for management, and Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s former chief of staff at the department, among others, the group said. In a statement to the media, the group said it may later seek to have Clinton testify under oath. The State Department said it was reviewing the order but could not comment further on ongoing litigation. The department may appeal the ruling. Clinton, who apologized last year for the setup, believes at least some of the inquiries into her emails are politically motivated.  “This is one of several lawsuits filed by the same right-wing group, which will stop at nothing in pursuing the Clintons, just as they have done since the 1990s,” Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said in an email.  At least 1,700 of the emails from Clinton’s unsecured server contain classified information, according to the State Department, including closely held secrets from the country’s spy agencies. The arrangement is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the State Department’s internal watchdog and several Republican-controlled congressional committees. Clinton’s rival for the Democratic nomination, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, has declined to criticize Clinton’s email arrangement while campaigning. Republican opponents have not held back, with several urging that Clinton be prosecuted for mishandling government secrets.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Additional reporting by Arshad Mohammed in Washington; Editing by Andrew Hay and Leslie Adler) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10695,Cruz seeks dismissal of case challenging U.S. presidential eligibility,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Republican Ted Cruz asked a federal court in Houston to throw out a lawsuit questioning whether he is eligible to be president of the United States because he was born in Canada, saying the case against him “suffers from fatal deficiencies.” Lawyers for Cruz contend in the filing made on Monday that the U.S. senator from Texas meets the constitutional requirements to serve as president and that the Houston lawyer trying to have the court block his bid does not have standing to bring the case. “Senator Cruz is a ‘natural-born citizen’ eligible to serve as President of the United States,” the motion to dismiss said, adding, the “plaintiff is essentially implicating the Court in a political dispute that it lacks authority to adjudicate.” The lawsuit brought in January by Newton Schwartz, an 85-year-old self-described liberal, also cited Cruz’s stance on issues such as abortion rights, gay marriage and the Bible in a 27-page argument against the senator’s eligibility. The lawsuit filed in the Southern District of Texas is a class action, meaning others can join. It requests a ruling before the Nov. 8 presidential election. Lawyers for Cruz also argue he has yet to be the Republican Party’s nominee and it would be premature for a court to address the issue. “Nowhere does Plaintiff, who acknowledges that he is a Democrat ... explain how he is harmed by Senator Cruz’s presence on the Republican primary ballot,” the Cruz filing said. Billionaire Donald Trump, the front-runner in the race for the Republican presidential nomination, has repeatedly questioned whether Cruz is eligible and warned that his winning the nomination could throw the party into chaos and hand the election to the Democrats. Cruz was born in Calgary, Alberta in 1970. At the time, his mother was a U.S. citizen and his father was Cuban.  He has dismissed attacks on his eligibility and noted in the filing that 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and 1968 Republican candidate George Romney also were born outside the United States but were considered eligible to be president.  The U.S. Constitution says a president or vice president must be a “natural-born citizen” but does not say whether the term means the candidate must be born on U.S. soil or just be a citizen at birth. According to legal experts, any child born to an American mother or father, no matter where, is considered a U.S. citizen. The case is Schwartz v. Cruz, 4:16-cv-00106, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Texas (Houston).  (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10696,"Republican Rubio seeks boost in Nevada, but Trump dominates polls","(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio aimed to capitalize on rival Ted Cruz’s recent missteps leading up to Tuesday’s Nevada caucus, where a strong finish could bolster his position as the establishment favorite for his party’s nomination. Looming over the tight race between the two first-term Cuban-American U.S. senators is Republican front-runner Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman who has won two of the first three state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election and is expected to dominate the field in Nevada. With Trump, a blunt-spoken political outsider, commanding a double-digit lead in a handful of Nevada opinion polls, political strategists in the state said Rubio and Cruz had a more modest goal: a clear win over the other, which could propel them through the busy voting month of March. “They’re playing for second,” said Nevada political analyst Jon Ralston. A recent CNN/ORC poll put Trump ahead by 26 percentage points in Nevada, at 45 percent, followed by Rubio, from Florida, at 19 percent, and Cruz, from Texas, at 17 percent. Lagging behind were retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who  stoked controversy on Tuesday by suggesting that Barack Obama, the first African-American U.S. president, was “raised white,” and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Carson was at 7 percent and Kasich was at 5 percent. Kasich, who finished second to Trump in the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary, kept his focus on bigger states, including Michigan and Virginia.  Trump took to Twitter as polls opened on Tuesday night to encourage voters to turn out and cast ballots for him, taking a jab at Cruz, whom he has continually described as dishonest. “Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not misled by the Cruz people,” he wrote. “They are bad! BE CAREFUL.” Hoping to gain an edge in Nevada, Cruz spent time engaging rural voters and far-right conservatives. Rubio, the son of former casino workers who spent six years in Nevada as an adolescent, played up his ties to the region. “He’s not pushing it hard, like, ‘I’m really a Nevadan’,” said Eric Herzik, a political science professor at the University of Nevada-Reno. “But both he and his surrogates have highlighted he has the best understanding of Nevada because he actually lived here.” The rivalry between Rubio and Cruz, who won the first-in-the-nation Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1, has intensified as both seek a boost going into the nominating contests in a dozen states on March 1, known as Super Tuesday. Rubio beat Cruz by fewer than 1,000 votes for second place in South Carolina’s Republican primary on Saturday.  Strategists said Rubio was benefiting from the withdrawal of one-time establishment favorite Jeb Bush, some of whose donors were preparing to shift to Rubio immediately after Bush dropped out on Saturday night. Rubio has picked up endorsements from several Nevada party leaders since then, including U.S. Senator Dean Heller and Nevada Lieutenant Governor Mark Hutchison. He touted those gains at a campaign rally in Michigan on Tuesday, saying he was “proud” of supporters who had made the switch to him after Bush’s exit. The Cruz campaign, meanwhile, lost a key staffer on Monday when the candidate fired his main spokesman, Rick Tyler, for posting a video that falsely showed Rubio dismissing the Bible. The firing came amid intense criticism of the Cruz campaign for unethical behavior from both Trump and Rubio. Trump, known for his blistering attacks against his rivals, continued to focus his venom on Cruz on Tuesday, writing on Twitter that he “lies like a dog.” Cruz aimed to quiet one of Trump’s most common attacks - that he isn’t eligible to run for president because he was born in Canada - on Tuesday when he asked a federal court in Houston to throw out a class-action lawsuit questioning his eligibility.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella in Washington; Additional reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Peter Cooney, Jonathan Oatis, Leslie Adler and Paul Tait) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10697,Obama makes last attempt to persuade Congress to close Guantanamo,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama launched a final push on Tuesday to persuade Congress to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, despite strong opposition from lawmakers who do not want detainees transferred to the United States. The president, a Democrat, pressed the Republican-led legislature to give his proposal a “fair hearing” and said he did not want to pass the issue to his successor in January. The Pentagon-authored plan proposes 13 potential sites on U.S. soil to hold some 30-60 detainees in maximum-security prisons but does not identify the facilities. U.S. law bars transfers to the United States, and lawmakers are unlikely to lift those restrictions, especially in an election year. “We’ll review President Obama’s plan,” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said. “But since it includes bringing dangerous terrorists to facilities in U.S. communities, he should know that the bipartisan will of Congress has already been expressed against that proposal.” Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, said Obama had yet to convince Americans that moving the prisoners to the United States was smart or safe. Obama is considering taking executive action to close the facility, situated in a U.S. naval station in southeast Cuba, if Congress does not change its position. The White House declined to rule out a unilateral option on Tuesday. Republicans oppose any executive order, and issuing one would almost certainly generate legal challenges. The Guantanamo prisoners were rounded up overseas when the United States became embroiled in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. The facility came to symbolize aggressive detention practices that opened the United States to accusations of torture. Most detainees have been held without trial for more than a decade. “Let us go ahead and close this chapter,” Obama said at the White House. “I don’t want to pass this problem on to the next president, whoever it is. And if, as a nation, we don’t deal with this now, when will we deal with it?” Obama pledged as a presidential candidate in 2008 to close Guantanamo. Doing so would fulfill that pledge and boost his legacy during his final year in office. Pressing his case now thrust the issue into the 2016 presidential campaign. “Not only are we not going to close Guantanamo - when I am president, if we capture a terrorist alive, they are ... going to Guantanamo and we are going to find out everything they know,” said Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio. The plan would send detainees who have been cleared for transfer to their homelands or third countries and transfer remaining prisoners to U.S. soil to be held in maximum-security prisons. Congress has banned such transfers to the United States since 2011.      Though the Pentagon has previously noted some of the sites it surveyed for use as potential U.S. facilities, the administration wants to avoid fueling any political outcry in important swing states before the Nov. 8 presidential election. Republican Senator John McCain, Obama’s 2008 presidential opponent and an advocate of closing the prison, scoffed at the plan as not being focused. “Thirteen different possible sites. That’s a recommendation?” he said. The White House has sought to buttress its argument for closing the prison by focusing on its high cost. Obama said nearly $450 million was spent last year alone to keep it running. The new plan would be cheaper, officials said. The transfer and closure costs would be $290 million to $475 million, an administration official told reporters, while housing remaining detainees in the United States would be $65 million to $85 million less expensive than at the Cuba facility, meaning the transfer bill would be offset in 3 to 5 years. The administration hopes sending the plan to Congress will spur lawmakers to help choose a facility they find amenable, but the White House is well aware the plan may not move at all. “I am very clear-eyed about the hurdles to finally closing Guantanamo. The politics of this are tough,” Obama said. “Part of my message to the American people here is we’re already holding a bunch of really dangerous terrorists here in the United States ... and there have been no incidents.  We’ve managed it just fine.” The Guantanamo facility, which Obama said once held nearly 800 people, now houses 91 detainees. Some 35 prisoners will be transferred to other countries in the coming months, bringing the final number below 60, officials said. More prisoners could be transferred other countries as well, potentially lowering that number further. Obama said military commissions would continue to be used to try some of the prisoners, but he said that process also required reform. Obama noted that his predecessor, Republican President George W. Bush, transferred hundreds of prisoners out of Guantanamo and wanted it closed.  ",1
10698,U.S. lawmakers offer bills to counter Obama Guantanamo plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers introduced legislation on Tuesday to counter President Barack Obama’s bid to close the Guantanamo detention center, underscoring the difficulty he faces keeping a promise to close it before leaving office next year. Republican Representative Ed Royce, the chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, introduced a measure that would force the Obama administration to publicize plans for transfers from Guantanamo. Currently, the administration must inform Congress of plans for any transfers, but those notices are classified. Public notice of plans to move detainees would allow opponents more time to marshal opposition and potentially stop any transfers. “This legislation will bring much needed public scrutiny to the administration’s mad rush to transfer detainees out of Guantanamo Bay before President Obama leaves office,” Royce said in a statement.  Four other Republicans, Senators Richard Burr, Kelly Ayotte, Tom Cotton and Marco Rubio, a 2016 presidential hopeful, introduced a bill late on Monday that would bar Obama from returning the naval base at Guantanamo to Cuba without authorization from Congress. A similar bill was introduced in the House by Republican Representative David Jolly. “It’s clear that the threats to the United States are increasing, not decreasing, and we need every available military asset. As President Obama continues to court the Castro regime, I believe it is important that Congress makes clear that he cannot give up our base in such a strategic location,” said Burr, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee.  “President Obama’s aggressive push to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay is dangerous,” Burr said. ",1
10699,House Democrats introduce bill to curb company tax inversions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two leading House Democrats introduced legislation on Tuesday intended to curb corporate tax inversion deals by preventing companies from lowering the effective tax rates of U.S. business operations after moving their headquarters overseas. A bill, authored by the top Democrats on the House Ways and Means and Budget Committees, would limit the ability of newly inverted companies to engage in a tax strategy called “earnings stripping,” which the lawmakers said often follows an inversion deal.    Corporate inversions, an issue for anti-establishment voters in this year’s presidential and congressional election campaigns, typically occur when a U.S. company buys a foreign firm and then relocates its headquarters to the foreign company’s home country, if only on paper, in a bid to reduce overall taxes. The Obama administration has taken policy steps to discourage such deals. But only Congress can eliminate the option through tax reform, a prospect unlikely until after the Nov. 8 election. “We cannot continue to allow companies to shift their tax obligations onto American workers and families simply by changing their mailing address,” said Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee. Van Hollen introduced the “Stop Corporate Earnings Stripping Act of 2016” with Representative Sander Levin of Michigan, the senior Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee. The lawmakers said newly inverted companies have stripped their U.S. operations of taxable earnings by loading them with debt that produces tax-deductible interest payments. The payments are made to the new foreign parent or another foreign affiliate as interest income that often pays a reduced or zero tax rate. The new legislation would reduce or eliminate financial thresholds that allow companies to pursue the earnings-stripping strategy after inversion. ",1
10700,"Ben Carson says Obama was 'raised white,' sparking Twitter furor","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson’s comments that President Barack Obama was “raised white” prompted backlash on social media on Tuesday, with many users criticizing the neurosurgeon for stereotyping the experience of African-Americans. Carson, who is black and grew up poor in Detroit in the 1960s, said of Obama in a podcast posted on Politico’s website, “He was, you know, raised white.” He added, “I mean, like most Americans, I was proud that we broke the color barrier when he was elected, but … he didn’t grow up like I grew up … Many of his formative years were spent in Indonesia. So, for him to, you know, claim that, you know, he identifies with the experience of black Americans, I think, is a bit of a stretch.” Several Twitter users expressed anger over the remarks.   Keith Simmons (@Foreignstorian) said “You cannot distill the black experience into something so narrow. Being ‘poor’ or ‘rich’ does not grant authenticity.” Warren Holstein ‏(@WarrenHolstein) said, “Ben Carson says Obama was “raised white” and doesn’t understand black Americans. That fails to explain why no one understands Ben Carson.” Shaun King (@ShaunKing), civil rights activist and New York Daily News writer, said, “Please @RealBenCarson. Step away from ALL microphones...forever. Saying Obama “grew up white” is foolishness.” The comments also prompted some to contemplate Obama’s upbringing. Brahma Chellaney ‏(@Chellaney) said, “I’ve often wondered why Obama is regarded as black, not mixed race, despite a white mother and a white upbringing.” Carson did not back away from his comments in an interview with CNN on Tuesday afternoon. “Anybody who is sensible knows that the way that he was brought up is very different from the way most black people in this country are brought up,” he said, adding, “I don’t think anyone would deny that someone who was raised in Hawaii by his white grandparents and then spent formative years in Indonesia with his white mother does not have the typical black experience.” For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here).  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Chris Reese) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10701,Senate leader McConnell sees 'no action' on Obama court pick,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said the Republican-led chamber will refuse to consider anyone President Barack Obama nominates to become a Supreme Court justice. Citing “overwhelming” consensus among Senate Republicans that the next president, who will take office in January, should select a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia, McConnell told reporters there will be “no action taken” on Obama’s pick. McConnell also said he would not be “inclined” to even meet with whomever Obama picks to replace Scalia. ",1
10702,Unprecedented not to hold Senate hearing on top court pick: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Any decision not to hold a U.S. Senate hearing on President Barack Obama’s eventual Supreme Court nominee would be unprecedented, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said on Tuesday. “This would be a historic and unprecedented acceleration of politicizing a branch of government,” Earnest told reporters as top Senate Republicans vowed not to hold a hearing for any Obama choice to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia.  ",1
10703,"Senators push protections for opioid-dependent parents, infants","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Key senators said on Tuesday they are crafting a law that would allow states to use federal foster care funds to help opioid-addicted parents raise their infants. The senior Republican and Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee envision the law as part of a comprehensive effort to address the opioid crisis with increased prevention, treatment and law enforcement. “Children and families are relying on us to take this important step,” committee chairman Sen. Orin Hatch, a Republican of Utah, said during the hearing. The committee’s ranking Democrat, Ron Wyden of Oregon, cited a recent Reuters investigation, which documented 110 preventable deaths of infants sent home with opioid-addicted parents ill-prepared to care for them. One drug-dependent baby is born in the United States every 19 minutes, the series found. “A parent’s drug addiction is becoming a growing reason for removing children from their homes and placing them in foster care,” Wyden said. Hatch and Wyden described only the general scope of the bill they planned to introduce. They did not offer specifics for the “Family First Act,” but their staffers said the money would likely come from existing funds. Nancy Young, director of Children and Family Futures, which provides services to government welfare programs, testified that parental opioid use before and after birth places a profound strain on the foster care system. Shifting foster care funds to help parents cope with addiction will reduce costs, she said, in part because it will help keep mothers and infants together. “We have the knowledge – we can no longer say we don’t know what to do,” said Young, who cited statistics from the Reuters investigation to describe the scope of the crisis. Last month, responding to the report, a House committee overseeing child abuse opened an inquiry into whether the federal government is failing to enforce a federal law meant to protect thousands of babies born dependent on drugs each year. Reuters found that no more than nine states comply with a law that calls on hospitals to alert social workers whenever such a baby is born, and help them develop a “plan of safe care.” Federal health and drug officials have declined to comment and, according to a congressional staffer, have not responded to the House queries. ",1
10704,Judiciary committee senators won't consider Obama Supreme Court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans on the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee sent a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday saying they will not hold hearings on a Supreme Court nominee until the next president is sworn in next January. Committee members wrote that they wanted, “To ensure the American people are not deprived of the opportunity to engage in a full and robust debate over the type of jurist they wish to decide some of the most critical issues of our time,” according to a statement provided by the panel.      ",1
10705,N.C. city's vote to expand transgender rights draws state opposition,"(Reuters) - A top North Carolina lawmaker vowed on Tuesday to correct the “radical course” taken by leaders in Charlotte, the state’s largest city, after they voted to allow transgender people to use public bathrooms matching their gender identity. The Charlotte City Council expanded the city’s nondiscrimination ordinance late on Monday to add protections for marital and familial status, sexual orientation, gender expression and gender identity. A provision that permits bathroom choice based on gender identity drew opposition ahead of the 7-4 vote from Christian evangelist Franklin Graham and North Carolina’s Republican governor, Pat McCrory, a former mayor of Charlotte. State House of Representatives Speaker Tim Moore, a Republican, said he would consider legislation to block the measure, which some critics fear would allow sexual predators to gain access to women’s bathrooms.  “The Charlotte City Council has gone against all common sense and has created a major public safety issue by opening all bathrooms and changing rooms to the general public,” Moore said in a statement. “I join my conservative colleagues and Governor McCrory in exploring legislative intervention to correct this radical course,” he added. Civil rights groups rejected the public safety concerns as overblown. They praised the council for passing what they said was the first ordinance in the state to prohibit discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender people in public accommodations, including restaurants, hotels and taxis. Charlotte was one of the largest U.S. cities without a law explicitly protecting the LGBT community from discrimination, according to the Human Rights Campaign, a civil rights group based in Washington. The revised law takes effect on April 1.  “Charlotte has full authority to enact this ordinance, and we hope the General Assembly will respect this local government’s decision to protect its residents and visitors from discrimination,” said Sarah Preston, acting executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina.  Voters in Houston, the fourth most populous U.S. city, last fall rejected a similar measure that would have banned discrimination based on gender identity and sexual orientation and let transgender men and women use bathrooms that corresponded with their gender identity. ",1
10706,Italy summons U.S. ambassador after reports U.S. spied on Berlusconi,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy’s foreign ministry summoned the U.S. ambassador on Tuesday after media reports that American intelligence services tapped the telephones of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his aides in 2011. Newspaper La Repubblica reported the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) spied on the billionaire, four-time prime minister five years ago when his government was under pressure at the height of the euro zone debt crisis. La Repubblica said whistleblowing site WikiLeaks showed the 79-year-old media tycoon and head of Italy’s main center-right party had been in the NSA’s crosshairs between 2008 and 2011. Ambassador John Phillips met the director general of the foreign ministry, Michele Valensise, in the afternoon. Afterwards the ministry issued a statement saying that Italy had called for “specific clarifications about what emerged in relation to the events of 2011”. Phillips “assured us that he will immediately refer the question to his superiors,” the ministry said. During the meeting, Phillips also pointed out that President Barack Obama banned eavesdropping on the leaders of close friends and allies of the United States in 2014, the statement said. Obama made that decision in part to smooth over frayed relations between the United States and Germany after reports surfaced in 2013 that the NSA had monitored the cellphone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Though Berlusconi’s influence has waned since he left government, he is still a prominent figure and leads Forza Italia, the second-largest party on the fragmented right wing of Italian politics.  Jewels in the crown of his business empire include TV company Mediaset and a majority stake in football team AC Milan.  Germany’s federal prosecutor opened an investigation into the alleged tapping of Merkel’s mobile phone by the NSA but closed it after a year in June 2015, saying there was a lack of evidence that would stand up in court. Staunch Berlusconi ally and Forza Italia member Renato Brunetta said there had been a “conspiracy” to bring down Berlusconi, and warned current Prime Minister Matteo Renzi not to take the allegations too calmly.  “Let’s not forget how the ratings agencies downgraded Italy for no reason other than to push Berlusconi out,” Brunetta said on Twitter. In the past, Berlusconi has repeatedly accused European Union officials of a “plot” to force him out of government. Berlusconi resigned in November 2011 and was replaced by former European Commissioner Mario Monti. A book by former U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner released in Italy in 2014 suggested EU officials had approached the United States with a project to force Berlusconi to step down. ",1
10707,Senators say Republican consensus is no vote on Obama court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Key senators said on Tuesday that Republican lawmakers on the Senate Judiciary Committee believe the panel should have no hearings or vote on any nominee by President Barack Obama to fill the seat vacated by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. “That’s the consensus view ... No hearing, no vote,” Senator Lindsey Graham told reporters as he left a meeting of Senate Judiciary Committee Republicans in the office of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Republicans dominate the Senate panel. Senator John Cornyn, the second-ranking Republican, was discussing the “right path forward” to take on the Obama nomination. Asked whether the right path was to not have Judiciary Committee hearings, Cornyn responded, “Correct.” ",1
10708,"U.N. welcomes Obama Guantanamo plan, but calls for due process","GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official welcomed President Barack Obama’s plan announced on Tuesday to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, but stressed that no detainee should remain in indefinite custody without charge or trial. Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said the U.S. facility in Cuba had been a “serious blot on the human rights record, and reputation, of the United States for the past 14 years”. “All Guantanamo detainees should either be transferred to regular detention centers in the U.S. mainland or other countries where fair trials before civilian courts and due process guarantees can be provided in accordance with international norms and standards,” he said in a statement. “If there is insufficient evidence to charge them with any crime, they must be released to their home country, or to a third country if they risk persecution at home.” ",1
10709,"Cruz says would deport illegal immigrants, sharpens immigration stance","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz vowed to deport immigrants living illegally in the United States and build a wall to keep others out, sharpening his stance on the issue a week before presidential contests in several southern states. Cruz’s comments on the eve of Tuesday’s Nevada caucuses came hours after the public firing of his main spokesman over misleading social media postings involving rival Marco Rubio. Rubio won endorsements on Monday from prominent Republicans as he sought to become the party’s mainstream alternative to front-runner Donald Trump after Jeb Bush dropped out of the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Cruz was asked on Fox News’ “O’Reilly Factor” if he would round up the 12 million illegal aliens in the country, and how. “Listen, we should enforce the law. How do we enforce the law? Yes, we should deport them. We should build a wall. We should triple the Border Patrol,” Cruz said. “And federal law requires that anyone here illegally that’s apprehended should be deported.”  Asked if he, like real estate tycoon Trump, would go out and look for them, Cruz replied, “Of course you would. That’s what ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) exists for. We have law enforcement that looks for people who are violating the laws.”  The comments marked a shift from last month, when Cruz rejected sending authorities to find immigrants as “police state” tactics. “I don’t intend to send jackboots to knock on your door and every door in America. That’s not how we enforce the law for any crime,” Mr. Cruz told CNN in an interview on Jan. 10. Cruz has repeatedly criticized Rubio for having embraced a sweeping immigration reform bill he characterizes as amnesty.  Cruz and other Republican candidates vying to represent their party in the Nov. 8 presidential election have been under pressure to toughen their stance on immigration by Trump’s ferocious rhetoric on the issue. Trump responded to Cruz’s comments with a trademark Twitter taunt on Tuesday, referring the U.S. senator from Texas’ third-place finish in South Carolina’s primary on Saturday. “Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration,” Trump said. The New York billionaire has said he would deport all undocumented immigrants, build a wall and rescind U.S. President Barack Obama’s executive orders on immigration. ",1
10710,"Rubio gets boost from Republican endorsements, Cruz missteps","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio received boosts Monday in his drive to become the mainstream Republican alternative to front-runner Donald Trump, with a string of high-profile endorsements and missteps by rival Ted Cruz’s campaign. Rubio, who eked out a second-place finish in South Carolina’s primary by fewer than 1,000 votes over Cruz on Saturday, racked up endorsements from prominent Republicans including U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson and former presidential candidate Bob Dole. Rubio and Cruz came out of South Carolina with sharper criticism of Trump, who swept the Southern state with a comfortable margin of victory. At the same time, the two senators’ rivalry intensified - and soured. Cruz fired his main spokesman, Rick Tyler, on Monday afternoon over a video that falsely showed Rubio dismissing the Bible.  Tyler had apologized late on Sunday for posting “an inaccurate story” involving a video purporting to show Rubio referring to the Bible and saying, “Not many answers in it.” Tyler had retweeted a link to the misleading video and posted it on Facebook. Cruz fired Tyler the next day, saying his campaign did not question the faith of other candidates. “That’s why I’m asking for Rick Tyler’s resignation,” Cruz said. The first-term senators from Texas and Florida are locked in a battle to become their party’s alternative to political outsider Trump in Nevada’s caucus on Tuesday, the last Republican presidential contest before the busy voting month of March.  Tyler’s dismissal came amid intense criticism of the Cruz campaign as dishonest from both Rubio and Trump. Rubio spokesman Alex Conant called Cruz a “candidate willing to do or say anything to get elected” and urged him to apologize.  “There is a culture in the Cruz campaign, from top to bottom, that no lie is too big and no trick too dirty,” he said. Trump seized the opportunity to pile on Cruz, whom he has repeatedly characterized as a liar.  “Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!” the billionaire businessman from New York said on Twitter. “Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!,” continued Trump, who has derided Cruz for failing to live up to expectations he would get solid support from evangelical Christians in South Carolina.  Trump was the big winner in that state on Saturday, finishing ahead of Rubio by 10 percentage points.  Opinion polls show Rubio and Cruz running close in Nevada, and both candidates hope to get a boost going into the contests in a dozen states on March 1. Super Tuesday is the crown jewel in the state-by-state nominating contests to pick the Republican and Democratic candidates for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Rubio on Monday also secured the backing of three Republican leaders from Nevada: U.S. Senator Dean Heller and U.S. Representatives Cresent Hardy and Mark Amodei.   Senator Hatch said that, unlike many in the Republican establishment, he did not dislike Trump. “I just feel that Rubio is the more serious candidate. And I feel he has the background to be able to really help turn this mess around,” Hatch told Reuters.  (Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson, Megan Cassella, Susan Cornwell, Eric Beech; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10711,Kerry may visit Cuba soon for human rights dialogue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday he may be in Cuba in the next week or two to hold a dialogue on human rights. “I may be down there in the next week or two to have a human rights dialogue, specifically,” Kerry said in response to a question during annual budget testimony before the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee. ",1
10712,U.S. Senate committee chairman questions Pakistan F-16 deal ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday sharply questioned U.S. plans to sell F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan, questioning Pakistani actions he described as threatening U.S. troops as they try to stabilize Afghanistan. “They continue to support the Taliban, the Haqqani network and give safe haven to al Qaeda,” Republican Senator Bob Corker said to Secretary of State John Kerry, who was testifying to the committee about the State Department’s annual budget request. The U.S. government said on Feb. 12 it had approved the sale to Pakistan of up to eight F-16 fighter jets built by Lockheed Martin Corp, radar and other equipment in a deal valued at $699 million. Lawmakers have 30 days to block the sale and Corker has made clear he has doubts about it. Kerry responded that the issue is complicated and said Pakistan also has been an ally. “I understand your reservations about it but their military has been deeply engaged in the fight against terrorism,” he said. ",1
10713,Obama urges Congress to give plan to close Guantanamo a fair hearing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday urged Congress to give his plan to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a “fair hearing” and said he did not want to pass the issue on to the person who succeeds him in the White House. ",1
10714,Obama makes last attempt to persuade Congress to close Guantanamo,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama launched a final push on Tuesday to persuade Congress to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, despite strong opposition from lawmakers who do not want detainees transferred to the United States. The president, a Democrat, pressed the Republican-led legislature to give his proposal a “fair hearing” and said he did not want to pass the issue to his successor in January. The Pentagon-authored plan proposes 13 potential sites on U.S. soil to hold some 30-60 detainees in maximum-security prisons but does not identify the facilities. U.S. law bars transfers to the United States, and lawmakers are unlikely to lift those restrictions, especially in an election year. “We’ll review President Obama’s plan,” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said. “But since it includes bringing dangerous terrorists to facilities in U.S. communities, he should know that the bipartisan will of Congress has already been expressed against that proposal.” Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, said Obama had yet to convince Americans that moving the prisoners to the United States was smart or safe. Obama is considering taking executive action to close the facility, situated in a U.S. naval station in southeast Cuba, if Congress does not change its position. The White House declined to rule out a unilateral option on Tuesday. Republicans oppose any executive order, and issuing one would almost certainly generate legal challenges. The Guantanamo prisoners were rounded up overseas when the United States became embroiled in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. The facility came to symbolize aggressive detention practices that opened the United States to accusations of torture. Most detainees have been held without trial for more than a decade. “Let us go ahead and close this chapter,” Obama said at the White House. “I don’t want to pass this problem on to the next president, whoever it is. And if, as a nation, we don’t deal with this now, when will we deal with it?” Obama pledged as a presidential candidate in 2008 to close Guantanamo. Doing so would fulfill that pledge and boost his legacy during his final year in office. Pressing his case now thrust the issue into the 2016 presidential campaign. “Not only are we not going to close Guantanamo - when I am president, if we capture a terrorist alive, they are ... going to Guantanamo and we are going to find out everything they know,” said Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio. The plan would send detainees who have been cleared for transfer to their homelands or third countries and transfer remaining prisoners to U.S. soil to be held in maximum-security prisons. Congress has banned such transfers to the United States since 2011.      Though the Pentagon has previously noted some of the sites it surveyed for use as potential U.S. facilities, the administration wants to avoid fueling any political outcry in important swing states before the Nov. 8 presidential election. Republican Senator John McCain, Obama’s 2008 presidential opponent and an advocate of closing the prison, scoffed at the plan as not being focused. “Thirteen different possible sites. That’s a recommendation?” he said. The White House has sought to buttress its argument for closing the prison by focusing on its high cost. Obama said nearly $450 million was spent last year alone to keep it running. The new plan would be cheaper, officials said. The transfer and closure costs would be $290 million to $475 million, an administration official told reporters, while housing remaining detainees in the United States would be $65 million to $85 million less expensive than at the Cuba facility, meaning the transfer bill would be offset in 3 to 5 years. The administration hopes sending the plan to Congress will spur lawmakers to help choose a facility they find amenable, but the White House is well aware the plan may not move at all. “I am very clear-eyed about the hurdles to finally closing Guantanamo. The politics of this are tough,” Obama said. “Part of my message to the American people here is we’re already holding a bunch of really dangerous terrorists here in the United States ... and there have been no incidents.  We’ve managed it just fine.” The Guantanamo facility, which Obama said once held nearly 800 people, now houses 91 detainees. Some 35 prisoners will be transferred to other countries in the coming months, bringing the final number below 60, officials said. More prisoners could be transferred other countries as well, potentially lowering that number further. Obama said military commissions would continue to be used to try some of the prisoners, but he said that process also required reform. Obama noted that his predecessor, Republican President George W. Bush, transferred hundreds of prisoners out of Guantanamo and wanted it closed.  ",1
10715,Trump on rival Bush's exit: Don't look at me,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has for months rained withering ridicule on onetime party favorite Jeb Bush, on Sunday refused to take responsibility for the former Florida governor’s exit from the 2016 White House race. “I just don’t know what did him in,” Trump, who won South Carolina’s Republican primary election handily on Saturday, said in an interview on CNN. Trump had repeatedly made Bush the target of pointed attacks throughout his campaign for the Republican nomination to run in the Nov. 8 general election, labeling him “weak,” “low-energy” and “an embarrassment” to the Bush political dynasty. On Sunday, Trump denied any role he may have played in taking down Bush, who ended his campaign on Saturday night after a fourth-place finish in South Carolina. “Jeb fought very hard,” the billionaire businessman said. “It wasn’t his time. That’s all.” Bush, the brother of one president and the son of another, had prided himself as the only candidate to attack Trump head-on throughout the campaign and frequently accused him of lacking ideas. He appeared to take one last jab at Trump in his concession speech on Saturday, saying: “Despite what you may have heard, ideas matter. Policy matters.” Sounding less like his normally combative self, Trump on Sunday credited Bush in a pair of interviews with having fought hard in the campaign and called him “very capable.” “Those last couple of weeks he was on television so much, I was looking,  I’d say, ‘Man, I’ve never seen anything like this,’” Trump said on CNN. He did, however, chide Bush for having run “brutal” negative ads against him, saying he was “a little bit offended.” “So, you know, this is a tough business, I will tell you,” the billionaire real-estate mogul said of presidential politics. “I think real estate in Manhattan is a lot easier.”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10716,Rubio denies report on Romney White House endorsement: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Marco Rubio denied a report on Sunday that a high-profile endorsement by former Republican White House nominee Mitt Romney is on the horizon. The Huffington Post reported that Romney was scheduled to throw his backing behind the U.S. senator from Florida in the 2016 White House race, Rubio called the reports untrue and said no endorsement was forthcoming. “That report is false,” Rubio said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” “I don’t know where those reports are coming from.” Romney has previously said he would not endorse a candidate until the party’s nominee had been selected.  A source familiar with the former Massachusetts governor’s thinking told Reuters that Romney’s stance on an endorsement  remains unchanged.   (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Alison Williams) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10717,"More Californians register to vote but fewer are Republicans, state says","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - More people have registered to vote in California since the last major election in 2012, but the number of Republicans in the Democrat-dominated state continues to drop, according to state data released. Democrats hold all statewide elective offices and large majorities in both houses of the legislature in the most populous U.S. state. There were just under 4.8 million Republicans registered in the state as of Jan. 3, down from nearly 5.2 million in early January 2012, the last presidential election cycle, Secretary of State Alex Padilla said Monday. Republicans accounted for 27.62 percent of registered voters in California, down from 30.36 percent in 2012, according to the data, which was posted on Padilla’s state website. Most of that change was reflected in the number of voters registering as independents, which went up by just under 3 percent. In January 2016, the number of Californians indicating that they preferred not to state a party preference was 4.1 million, up from 3.6 million in 2012. Independents accounted for 24 percent of all registered voters in 2016, up from about 21 percent in 2012. The number of Democrats remained about the same at roughly 7.4 million. The number of people registered to vote in California rose by about 231,000 since 2012 to 17.3 million.   (Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10718,"Rubio gets boost from Republican endorsements, Cruz missteps","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio received boosts Monday in his drive to become the mainstream Republican alternative to front-runner Donald Trump, with a string of high-profile endorsements and missteps by rival Ted Cruz’s campaign. Rubio, who eked out a second-place finish in South Carolina’s primary by fewer than 1,000 votes over Cruz on Saturday, racked up endorsements from prominent Republicans including U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson and former presidential candidate Bob Dole. Rubio and Cruz came out of South Carolina with sharper criticism of Trump, who swept the Southern state with a comfortable margin of victory. At the same time, the two senators’ rivalry intensified - and soured. Cruz fired his main spokesman, Rick Tyler, on Monday afternoon over a video that falsely showed Rubio dismissing the Bible.  Tyler had apologized late on Sunday for posting “an inaccurate story” involving a video purporting to show Rubio referring to the Bible and saying, “Not many answers in it.” Tyler had retweeted a link to the misleading video and posted it on Facebook. Cruz fired Tyler the next day, saying his campaign did not question the faith of other candidates. “That’s why I’m asking for Rick Tyler’s resignation,” Cruz said. The first-term senators from Texas and Florida are locked in a battle to become their party’s alternative to political outsider Trump in Nevada’s caucus on Tuesday, the last Republican presidential contest before the busy voting month of March.  Tyler’s dismissal came amid intense criticism of the Cruz campaign as dishonest from both Rubio and Trump. Rubio spokesman Alex Conant called Cruz a “candidate willing to do or say anything to get elected” and urged him to apologize.  “There is a culture in the Cruz campaign, from top to bottom, that no lie is too big and no trick too dirty,” he said. Trump seized the opportunity to pile on Cruz, whom he has repeatedly characterized as a liar.  “Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!” the billionaire businessman from New York said on Twitter. “Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!,” continued Trump, who has derided Cruz for failing to live up to expectations he would get solid support from evangelical Christians in South Carolina.  Trump was the big winner in that state on Saturday, finishing ahead of Rubio by 10 percentage points.  Opinion polls show Rubio and Cruz running close in Nevada, and both candidates hope to get a boost going into the contests in a dozen states on March 1. Super Tuesday is the crown jewel in the state-by-state nominating contests to pick the Republican and Democratic candidates for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Rubio on Monday also secured the backing of three Republican leaders from Nevada: U.S. Senator Dean Heller and U.S. Representatives Cresent Hardy and Mark Amodei.   Senator Hatch said that, unlike many in the Republican establishment, he did not dislike Trump. “I just feel that Rubio is the more serious candidate. And I feel he has the background to be able to really help turn this mess around,” Hatch told Reuters.  (Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson, Megan Cassella, Susan Cornwell, Eric Beech; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10719,Republican Kirk breaks with U.S. Senate leaders on high court seat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Mark Kirk, facing a tough re-election fight in Illinois, said on Monday the Senate should vote on whomever President Barack Obama nominates to the U.S. Supreme Court, breaking with his party’s leadership. In another defection among Republicans, Senator Susan Collins of Maine called for hearings on the eventual nominee.  A political fight has erupted over filling the court’s vacancy left by the Feb. 13 death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, with many top Republicans threatening to block any nominee put forth by the Democratic president. Obama’s nominee could shift the court to the left for the first time in decades. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office in January so voters can have a say on the selection when they cast ballots in the November presidential election. Kirk wrote in a Chicago Sun-Times opinion piece that he recognized the right of any president to choose a Supreme Court nominee and he looked forward to Obama picking one for the Senate to consider for confirmation. “I also recognize my duty as a senator to either vote in support or opposition to that nominee following a fair and thorough hearing along with a complete and transparent release of all requested information,” Kirk added. Kirk, who holds Obama’s old Senate seat, said he hoped the president would pick a nominee “who can bridge differences, a nominee who finds common ground and a nominee who does not speak or act in the extreme.” Kirk’s stance illustrates that McConnell may have trouble keeping Senate Republicans fully united over filling Scalia’s seat. Some senators like Kirk are seeking re-election this year in states where Democrats are competitive. Collins, who is not facing re-election until 2020, said on Monday the Senate had an obligation to hold public hearings on Obama’s nominee. “The kind of thorough process that a hearing allows is the best way to evaluate a nominee,” Collins told reporters, according to the Hill newspaper. But it appeared unlikely that enough Republicans would peel away from McConnell to allow a vote on the Senate floor.     Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah said on Monday it was up to McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley to decide whether to hold confirmation hearings. “I feel like we ought to put it off and get it out of this harsh atmosphere,” Hatch told reporters. ",1
10720,Pentagon to submit plan to Congress for closing Guantanamo prison,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon is expected to submit to Congress on Tuesday President Barack Obama’s long-awaited plan for closing the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, setting up a battle with lawmakers who oppose his efforts. Obama, whose pledge to shut the facility at the U.S. naval base in Cuba dates back to the start of his presidency in 2009, is seeking to make good on his promise before he leaves office next January. Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said the administration intended to meet Tuesday’s deadline to present its detailed proposal for closing the facility. There are still 91 prisoners detained there. “We understand the deadline is tomorrow and it’s our intent to meet it,” Davis told reporters. U.S. officials have said the plan would call for sending to their homelands or third countries detainees who have been cleared for transfer, now numbering 35, and bringing remaining prisoners, possibly several dozen, to U.S. soil to be held in maximum-security prisons. Congress has banned such transfers to the United States since 2011. Another option that will be cited in the administration’s blueprint will be the possibility of sending some prisoners overseas for prosecution and trial, one U.S. official said. The closure plan could also serve as a template for how to deal with future terrorism suspects captured in the fight against the Islamic State militant group. However, the document will not name the alternative U.S. prisons under consideration for housing detainees, U.S. officials said. The administration wants to avoid fueling any political outcry over specific sites during a U.S. presidential election year. Still, Pentagon officials have already surveyed a federal prison in Florence, Colorado, a military jail at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and the Navy brig at Charleston, South Carolina. An effort will also be made to speed up parole-style reviews to determine whether more prisoners can be added to the group cleared for release, officials said. The plan will include costs for upgrading U.S. facilities and housing the inmates there, according to a source familiar with the matter. The White House last year rejected one Pentagon proposal as too expensive, sending it back for revisions. Republicans and some Democrats in Congress largely oppose proposals to move any of the prisoners to the United States. Republican Senator Kelly Ayotte said on Monday the Obama administration refused to “level with the American people regarding the terrorist activities and affiliations of the detainees who remain at Guantanamo.” White House spokesman Josh Earnest reiterated Obama’s view of Guantanamo as a terrorist “recruiting tool” and urged lawmakers to look at the plan “with an open mind,” although he expressed doubt about whether they would do so. The White House has left open the possibility that Obama might resort to executive powers to close the facility. The prison was opened in 2002 by former Republican President George W. Bush to house foreign terrorism suspects rounded up after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. The United States quickly drew criticism from human rights activists and foreign governments over Guantanamo, where most prisoners have been held for more than a decade without trial. ",1
10721,California lawmaker aims to reduce eating disorders among fashion models,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - Fashion models who want to work in California would need a doctor to attest that they are of healthy weight and not suffering from an eating disorder under a proposal announced by a state lawmaker on Monday. The bill proposed by California state Assembly member Marc Levine follows efforts in several countries to fight anorexia nervosa and other eating disorders among models, who are relentlessly pressured to lose weight or lose work. “The evidence of eating disorders in the modeling industry is alarming,” Levine, a Democrat who represents the Marin County suburbs of San Francisco, said in a statement on Monday. Under his bill, which was introduced Feb. 19, modeling agencies would have to be licensed by the California Labor Commissioner, and could be fined if they hire models who do not have a physician certifying that they are healthy. The bill, if passed, directs the state’s Department of Public Health and the Occupational Safety and Health Standards Board to adopt rules for the health of fashion models that would include periodic health checkups, nutrition consultations and medical testing. Levine said the measure, which must pass numerous committees, both houses of the legislature and be signed by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown before it could take effect, would also help girls and women, who see impossibly thin models in magazines and aim to be like them. “As a former fashion model and an eating disorder survivor, I know that this legislation is critically needed,” Nikki DuBose, a former model turned advocate, said in a statement. Last spring, France banned excessive thinness in models, partly in response to the death in 2010 of Isabelle Caro, a 28-year-old former French fashion model who died from anorexia after posing for a photographic campaign to raise awareness about the illness. Israel enacted a similar measure in 2013, while other countries, like Italy and Spain, rely on voluntary codes of conduct to protect models. As many as 40 percent of fashion models may suffer from eating disorders, Levine said. These include anorexia nervosa, which leads sufferers to starve themselves; bulimia nervosa, which involves binge-eating followed by purges such as forced vomiting, consumption of laxatives or excessive exercise; and binge-eating disorder.    ",1
10722,Republican candidate Kasich's 'kitchen' comment draws scorn,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate John Kasich drew scorn on Monday after a video emerged in which he told a crowd that early in his career, he gleaned support from women who “left their kitchens” to campaign.  The comments were made in reference to his 1978 run for Ohio’s state Senate, according to a spokesman, and not his current presidential campaign, in which he is running fifth nationally for the Republican nomination, Reuters-Ipsos polling shows.  “We just got an army of people who, and many women, who left their kitchens to go out and go door-to-door and to put yard signs up,” Kasich says in footage of Monday’s event in Virginia.  Kasich, 63, added his first campaign took place in an era in which “things were different.”  “Now you call homes and everybody’s out working,” Kasich said.  He apologized for the remark later on Monday.  “Of course, I’m more than happy to say I’m sorry if I offended somebody out there but it wasn’t intended to be offensive and if you hear the whole thing, you’ll understand the context of it,” Kasich told CNN.  In the video, an unseen audience member seems to criticize the Ohio governor for his comment.  “I want to say, your comment earlier, about the women came out of the kitchen to support you: I’ll come to support you but I won’t be coming out of the kitchen.”  The response on social media was swift and negative, with many Twitter (TWTR.N) users decrying Kasich’s anecdote as sexist.  “It’s 2016. A woman’s place is...wherever she wants it to be,” wrote Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) on Monday, in a quotation retweet that refers to Kasich’s comments about his first campaign.  Kasich press secretary Rob Nichols told Reuters the governor’s political campaigns “have always been homegrown affairs.”  “Many of his early campaign teams were made up of stay-at-home moms who believed deeply in the changes he wanted to bring,” Nichols said. “He’s proud of that authentic support. To try and twist his comments into anything else is just desperate politics.”  Some social media users compared Kasich’s comment to former Republican candidate Mitt Romney’s “binders full of women” moment from the 2012 presidential campaign, when he described receiving many resumes from women. The comment struck many at the time as tone deaf.  “Mitt had binders full of women, and Kasich has kitchens full of women,” tweeted Chicago Jesus (@Patriot_Musket).     (Reporting by Amy Tennery in New York; Additional reporting by Eric Beech in Washington; Editing by Andrew Hay and Peter Cooney)  This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10723,Senate moves closer to confirming Califf to lead FDA,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate on Monday moved closer to confirming Dr. Robert Califf to lead the Food and Drug Administration, overriding opposition from several senators who had sought to block a vote on the issue. In a procedural move designed to prevent the opponents from blocking the confirmation indefinitely, the Senate voted 80 to 6 in favor of limiting further debate on the matter to no more than 30 hours, meaning a confirmation vote could take place as early as Tuesday. Democrats Edward Markey of Massachusetts and Joe Manchin of West Virginia among others had sought to block the confirmation vote citing disagreements with the FDA’s process for approving opioid painkillers.  Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders also placed a hold on the nomination, saying he objected to Califf’s close ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Under pressure, the FDA recently agreed to a number of changes to its opioid approval process, and said it would convene an advisory panel meeting before approving new opioid painkillers that do not include an abuse-deterrent feature. The opponents said the measures do not go far enough and that advisory panels should be called before any opioid is approved.  “The FDA has to be the cop on the beat,” Markey said. Before the vote opponents, including Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, took to the floor to berate the FDA for approving opioid products such as Zohydro over the objections of its advisory committee. The FDA, Manchin added, “must break its cozy relationship with the pharmaceutical industry.” He said more people die of legal prescription drug abuse in West Virginia than any other cause. ",1
10724,Illinois governor eyes blocking Chicago school debt,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner said on Monday the state has the power to block any debt offerings by financially distressed school districts, including the cash-strapped Chicago Public Schools (CPS), which has been dependent on borrowing to fund operations.  The Republican governor last week launched a financial probe of the nation’s third-largest public school system through the Illinois State Board of Education. Rauner, who has called for a state takeover of the school district, said the board has the legal authority to block borrowings by districts found to be in financial duress.   “The state board has never chosen to do that for the city of Chicago. I hope that never becomes necessary. But we’ve got to be ready to take action,” Rauner told reporters. Rauner’s office pointed to a provision of the school code that it says applies to CPS. The provision prohibits the sale of bonds, notes or other debt by a district certified to be in financial difficulty until a financial plan is approved by the state board of education. CPS Chief Executive Forrest Claypool contended that the authority Rauner seeks to exercise does not apply to CPS, according to a school district spokeswoman. CPS is struggling with a $1.1 billion structural budget deficit, caused largely by escalating annual pension payments that will reach $676 million this fiscal year. The district’s efforts to gain an additional $480 million in state dollars to pay its pension bill have become entangled in an ongoing impasse between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature. To keep operating in anticipation of $1 billion in property tax revenue next month, CPS turned to short-term borrowing and a $725 million bond sale earlier this month for cash flow. The district said it plans to seek additional short-term borrowing authority from its governing board in the future. Rauner said accusations by Chicago officials that he attempted to derail the Feb. 3 bond sale by pushing for a state takeover or possible bankruptcy for CPS were “completely false.” Skittish investors demanded hefty yields for the “junk”-rated bonds, which will cost the district nearly $1.9 billion to pay off by 2044. ",1
10725,Republican Senator Kirk says he wants Senate to vote on Supreme Court nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois said on Monday he wants the Senate to vote on President Barack Obama’s eventual U.S. Supreme Court nominee, in a break with the Republican leader of the Senate. In an opinion piece in the Chicago Sun-Times, Kirk wrote: “I recognize the right of the president, be it Republican or Democrat, to place before the Senate a nominee for the Supreme Court and I fully expect and look forward to President Barack Obama advancing a nominee for the Senate to consider.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the seat on the nation’s highest court should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office in January so voters can have a say on the selection when they cast ballots in the Nov. 8 presidential election. ",1
10726,Top tech official at hacked U.S. personnel agency retires under pressure,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top technology official at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management announced her retirement on Monday amid calls for her ouster by some Republican lawmakers. Donna Seymour, chief information officer, said in an email to her colleagues that was seen by Reuters that leaving was a “very tough decision.” She added that she felt it was in the “agency’s best interest that my presence does not distract from the great work this team does every single day.” House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz had repeatedly called for Seymour’s resignation, lodging complaints that her mistakes helped lead to the OPM data breach disclosed last year that exposed the personal information of 22 million individuals. In response to the sudden announcement, Chaffetz’s panel canceled a hearing scheduled for Wednesday to examine the breach. In a statement, Chaffetz called the retirement “good news” but said he was disappointed she would no longer testify. “On her watch, whether through negligence or incompetence, millions of Americans lost their privacy and personal data,” Chaffetz said. Representative Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the oversight panel, countered that Republican efforts to blame Seymour for the hack were “unfair and inaccurate” and would discourage qualified technical professionals from pursuing public service. Seymour is the second high-ranking official to leave OPM since the breach was disclosed. Katherine Archuleta, the agency’s director, resigned in July. Earlier this month, Chaffetz subpoenaed OPM for documents related to the hack, which intelligence officials have privately blamed on China.  The Utah Republican has accused the agency of not acting in good faith with the committee because it has only provided partially redacted versions of the files, which were described by Seymour as “outdated security documents” in testimony she gave in June 2015. Chaffetz has expressed concern that the manuals could be used to launch another cyber attack. Beth Cobert, the acting head of OPM, praised Seymour’s 37-year career in federal government in a statement and lauded her for helping to modernize the agency’s information technology over the past year. ",1
10727,Senator McCaskill to be absent for three weeks for cancer treatment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Claire McCaskill will be absent from Congress for the next three weeks as she undergoes treatment for breast cancer, the Missouri Democrat wrote in a blog post on Monday. McCaskill, who leads the Senate Special Committee on Aging, said she will post online how she would have voted on any matters that come up during her absence and will submit questions in writing for any missed hearings. “It’s a little scary, but my prognosis is good and I expect a full recovery,” McCaskill wrote. ",1
10728,"Clinton, Sanders race takes on angrier tone after Nevada","(Reuters) - The race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders for the U.S. Democratic presidential nomination - once a civil affair - has taken a sour turn, with mud-slinging from both camps over the former secretary of state’s win in the Nevada caucuses.  Sanders’ supporters are alleging that foul play by casino managers helped Clinton out in Saturday’s contest, while Clinton’s camp has blasted - in at times vulgar terms - the Vermont senator’s assertion he took the state’s Latino vote. The tensions reflect the tight battle between the two heading into next Saturday’s South Carolina primary. Sanders, who had surged in recent months to challenge front-runner Clinton, is trying to maintain momentum against her in a part of the United States where she wields an advantage among minority voters.     The angrier tone also marks a turn from what has been a mostly civil race on the Democratic side, in contrast with the noisy insult-hurling that has characterized much of the Republican race. . While Sanders and the former first lady have publicly clashed on their approaches to healthcare and regulating Wall Street, they have frequently emphasized their common ground on social issues. Sanders has also refused so far to join in Republican attacks on Clinton’s record as secretary of state. “Let’s talk about the real issues facing America,” he said during one televised debate. The tone soured after Nevada. Officials with National Nurses United, which endorsed Sanders, have said there were irregularities at casino caucus sites - such as casino managers wearing Clinton paraphernalia - which they said amounted to intimidation of casino employee voters. “From what nurses observed in Nevada Sanders campaign should call for UN observers to protect democracy,” the union said in one Twitter post on Sunday. Neither Clinton nor Sanders’ campaigns immediately responded to requests for comment on the allegations. Meanwhile, both campaigns have argued about what the polling from the Nevada caucuses show. One set of entrance and exit poll results conducted by CBS News showed Sanders took 53 percent of Latino votes in the state. This is a critical group for Sanders as he seeks to broaden his support base after his early results - a very narrow loss and a decisive win - in Iowa and New Hampshire, which have overwhelmingly white voter populations. “I don’t typically like to swear on Twitter, but by all accounts so far this is complete and utter bullshit,” Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill wrote on Twitter, referring to a Sanders’ campaign press release asserting he took the Latino bloc in Nevada. Clinton has been expected to find easier territory as  contests move into the south in the state-by-state battles to pick a party presidential nominee for the November general election. Her backers say minority voters are her “firewall” against Sanders’ popularity among young voters who dislike establishment politics and are attracted by his vows to take on Wall Street excesses and high college fees. She won Nevada, which is nearly a quarter Latino, by just over 5 points. Sanders’ camp, meanwhile, has disputed Clinton camp assertions that she drew the lion’s share of the union votes in the Nevada contest, accusing her campaign of inventing figures.  “They do have a tendency to make stuff up,” Sanders’ spokesman Michael Briggs said in an email. The American Federation of Teachers issued a press release on Monday listing 23 unions that back Clinton.   (Writing by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Frances Kerry) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10729,Republican Rubio scores more endorsements for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio racked up a number of endorsements from party leaders on Monday, giving weight to his message that he can become the establishment favorite behind whom Republicans can unite. Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson, U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah and former Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole said they would back the U.S. senator from Florida for the party’s nomination to run for president in the Nov. 8 election. Three Republican leaders from Nevada - U.S. Senator Dean Heller and U.S. Representatives Cresent Hardy and Mark Amodei - also announced their support for Rubio leading up the state’s caucuses on Tuesday. “I’m delighted to support @marcorubio because he is best choice to keep our country safe,” Hutchinson posted on Twitter. “Will you join me and help Marco win Arkansas?” The Arkansas primary comes after Nevada in the state-by-state nominating contest on March 1. Twelve other states and American Samoa will also be holding primaries or caucuses on that date, known as Super Tuesday. The endorsements came as Rubio tries to seize on the exit of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush on Saturday to win the support of more mainstream members of their party. Bush dropped out after a poor showing in South Carolina’s Republican primary. Hatch, who said he had initially supported Bush because he had more experience, called Rubio the “more serious candidate” compared with front-runner Donald Trump.  “I feel he has the background to be able to really help turn this mess around,” Hatch told reporters. Dole, a former U.S. senator from Kansas who lost to then-President Bill Clinton in 1996, said he switched his support to Rubio after Bush left the campaign trail because he was young, hard-working and a “better candidate” than rival Ohio Governor John Kasich. “He wants to grow the party as opposed to (U.S. Senator Ted) Cruz,” Dole said in an interview on ABC’s “Political Powerhouse” podcast, referring to another Republican candidate. “I don’t know what he wants to grow.”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella; Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Eric Walsh and Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10730,Activist Mckesson releases platform in Baltimore mayoral race,"(Reuters) - U.S. civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson released his full platform in the race for Baltimore mayor on Monday, proposals that include a $15-an-hour minimum wage and reforming the police department. Mckesson, who was instrumental in the growth of the Black Lives Matter movement, was the last candidate to file paperwork before the campaign deadline this month. “It’s a plan to change Baltimore, to make Baltimore a place that works for people,” the 30-year-old activist said in announcing the plan on the Periscope video site. Baltimore, a majority African-American city, was torn by rioting after a black man, Freddie Gray, died from an injury in police custody in April. Six officers are facing trial in the case.     Mckesson, the son of two now-recovered drug addicts, had released police reform proposals this month that included banning arrest and citation quotas. He also backs ending civil asset forfeiture and “rough rides” and chokeholds by police.     The Teach for America alumnus and former school administrator called for free WiFi and broadband access for all residents. He backed reviving a proposed light-rail system scuttled by Maryland Governor Larry Hogan last year. Mckesson, who rose to prominence during the 2014 protests in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police killing of an unarmed black teenager, said he would hire more inspectors to reduce sources of lead poisoning in children and would expand opportunities for artists in Baltimore. Mckesson has called for a city minimum wage of $15 an hour, which would be among the highest in the United States. He backs a public bank and more requirements for companies to hire locally. Mckesson also is in favor of expanded pre-kindergarten classes. He advocates changing state funding formulas so that tax breaks for developers do not cut into  school funding. His distinctive blue Patagonia vest has been seen everywhere from street demonstrations to the television show “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.” Twenty-nine candidates, including 13 Democrats, are running to replace Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, who is not seeking re-election. Primary voting for candidates will be held on April 26, with the actual mayoral vote being held on Nov. 8 alongside the presidential election.  Baltimore has not elected a Republican mayor in more than 50 years.  ",1
10731,Puerto Rico may issue delayed audited 2014 statements in April,"NEW YORK/SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s much-delayed audited financial statements for 2014 are expected to be finished and issued by April, the U.S. territory’s governor said in a letter to U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Monday. The delay in completing the statements is due to the “complexities posed by our current financial crisis,” Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said in the letter, emailed by a representative for the commonwealth.  However, he added that there may be additional issues that arise that require an “adjustment to such timetable.” A draft of the financials, which cited “substantial doubt” about the government’s ability to continue as a going concern, was released last week, but did not include data from some agencies and has not been approved by auditors at KPMG.  The letter follows criticism from Republicans in Congress over the delay and a perceived lack of financial transparency from Puerto Rico. The island’s leaders are hoping for legislative help from Congress in tackling its $70 billion in debt, 45 percent poverty rate and dwindling population as locals flock to the mainland United States. Ryan has called on the Republican-led House to propose legislation by the end of March aimed at addressing Puerto Rico.  In Monday’s letter, Garcia Padilla gave a sense of what it might look like on the island if the government or its agencies failed to survive as going concerns — that is, became unable to meet financial obligations long term.  Entities subject to going concern assessments, Garcia Padilla wrote, include not only the government itself, but PREPA, the island’s sole power utility; HTA, which operates the island’s major roads; the Metropolitan Bus Authority, which transports thousands in the San Juan area; the Puerto Rico Medical Services Administration, the island’s main hospital and trauma center; and PRIHA, which oversees Medicaid benefits for 1.6 million poor residents.  Garcia Padilla also stressed that the Government Development Bank, Puerto Rico’s primary fiscal agent, may not be able to make debt payments in the last quarter of fiscal year 2016, and that the island may have to pass emergency legislation imposing a moratorium on GDB debt payments.  ",1
10732,Senate banking panel Democrats seek action on Obama nominees,"(Reuters) - Senate Banking Committee Democrats on Monday asked the panel’s Republican chairman in a letter to “clear the backlog” of 16 nominations by President Barack Obama to posts related to financial oversight, national security and other areas. The committee, led by Republican Senator Richard Shelby, has “failed to carry out one of its basic duties” for more than a year, the 10 Democratic banking committee senators wrote in the Feb. 22 letter. It is the only Senate committee that did not act on any nominees last year, the Democrats wrote. Of the 16 nominations pending before the committee, four have been waiting for action for more than a year while others have been “in limbo” for more than nine months, the Democratic senators wrote. Shelby must “stop obstructing” the nominations, they wrote in a separate statement. All 10 Democrats on the committee signed the letter, including Senators Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, and Charles Schumer of New York.  A spokeswoman for Shelby did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Shelby has said he is concerned that Obama has not nominated anyone as the U.S. Federal Reserve’s vice chair for supervision, a post created by the Dodd Frank financial reform law, but which has never been filled. “We are aware of your concern that the Administration has not nominated anyone to serve as Vice Chair for Supervision at the Federal Reserve, but the response to one vacancy should not be the creation of 16 more,” the Democratic banking committee senators wrote. It was unclear why President Obama has not appointed a nominee for the Fed post. A White House spokesperson was not immediately available for comment. The Senate Banking Committee backlog includes Lisa Fairfax and Hester Peirce, Obama’s two nominees to the Securities and Exchange Commission and Adam Szubin, nominated as the Treasury Department’s under secretary for terrorism and financial crimes. ",1
10733,Atlantic City mayor terms N.J. takeover plan 'fascist dictatorship',"ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (Reuters) - Atlantic City’s mayor has called a state plan to cede control of the fiscally distressed gambling hub a “fascist dictatorship,” a sharp reversal of his previous position on the proposed takeover. Details of the proposed legislation, released last week, would deny residents their civil rights by stripping municipal powers from locally elected officials, Mayor Don Guardian said on Monday, echoing previous concerns from community activists. “The final piece of legislation that the state presented to us was far from a partnership,” Guardian said, addressing hundreds of residents and city workers at an outdoor news conference next to City Hall. “It was much worse. It was absolutely a fascist dictatorship.” The plan calls for the state to appoint an official who would have the power to make unilateral decisions about canceling collective bargaining agreements, selling city-owned assets, entering contracts, terminating employees and vetoing city council minutes, Guardian said. The mayor’s comments marked a fiery change of tone from just one month ago, when Guardian stood next to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and state Senate President Steve Sweeney in support of the intervention. However, that was before the bills had taken shape. City officials previously threatened to file for a municipal bankruptcy. But such a move would likely not be approved by the state, which already oversees the city’s budget. Nevertheless, officials raised the subject again on Monday, saying they might petition the state for a bankruptcy declaration if they cannot negotiate a settlement with the Borgata Casino Hotel & Spa.  Atlantic City owes the Borgata, its most profitable casino, at least $160 million of property tax appeals. The city missed a recent deadline to pay a $62.5 million portion of that, prompting the Borgata to skip its $7.5 million tax payment for the first quarter of 2016.  The parties are in 45-day court-ordered negotiations, Guardian said, but if there is no settlement the city could try to seek out bankruptcy. Atlantic City is on track to run out of money within two months. The latest legislative package would also include a less divisive bill that allows casinos to make fixed payments in lieu of taxes. That bill is aimed at stabilizing the city’s property tax base, which has shrunk dramatically because of gambling competition from neighboring states. Four of the city’s 12 casinos that shut in 2014 remain closed.    ",1
10734,Obama: China knows it cannot sustain export-driven growth model,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday said China recognized it could not sustain an export-driven growth model indefinitely but that it would take time to change. Speaking to state governors at the White House, Obama urged them to press the U.S. Congress to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact to boost U.S. exports in a region where China is “the 800-pound gorilla.” Obama said it was tempting for China to try to solve its short-term problems by dumping state-subsidized goods into the U.S. market but said his administration had made clear to China that would not work, Obama said. “They recognize that they can’t forever sustain an export-driven growth model, but it’s going to take some time and it’s tempting for them to solve short-term problems by just dumping a bunch of state-subsidized goods into the U.S. market,” Obama said in response to a question raising concerns about China’s exports of iron ore. “We’ve been very clear with them about the fact that that’s not going to work, and we’re going to put in place tools to make sure it doesn’t work,” he said. Obama also said the United States had made clear China needed to have an orderly market-based currency system that did not advantage its companies over their U.S. counterparts. “Right now, frankly, their intervention is to prop up their currency rather than to devalue it, because a lot of people have been nervous about the Chinese economy,” he said. Obama told the governors he was “cautiously optimistic” that Congress ultimately will back the 12-nation TPP trade pact, which labor unions oppose because of what Obama called “emotions” about job losses from past trade deals. “Our concern there was that China was the 800-pound gorilla. And if we allowed them to set trade rules out there, American businesses and American workers were going to be cut out,” he said.  Obama said he would have to rely on votes from “a set of strong pro-trade Democrats” in Congress as well as Republicans. But Obama acknowledged that Republicans have also “some concerns along the margins” of the TPP, such as provisions affecting tobacco, and said the campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election has “roiled” the debate in both parties. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, has said he has “some problems” with the TPP and does not think it should be pursued before the election. ",1
10735,U.S. to push for greater fiscal spending at G20: Treasury official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will call on G20 countries this week to use fiscal policy in order to boost global demand, a senior U.S. Treasury official said on Monday. “We will urge greater use of policy space, including fiscal space, to bolster global demand. That would lead to strengthened confidence and I would expect reduce volatility,” the Treasury official said in a preview call with reporters ahead of a G20 meeting later this week in Shanghai, China. G20 finance ministers, including U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, and central bank governors will meet on Feb. 26-27, with sagging global growth, divergent monetary policies and currency devaluations set to dominate the agenda. While there, the United States will also urge all members to refrain from manipulating exchange rates for competitive purposes, in line with existing G20 commitments, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “I see those commitments as being a strong indication from G20 members that they will manage their currencies in ways that are globally consistent. I think that those commitments are very, very important,” the official said. Lew has repeatedly called on China to more clearly communicate its currency policies and actions amid uncertainty over Beijing’s transition to a market-determined exchange rate. Recent Chinese efforts to improve its communications have been constructive, the official said. China’s economic slowdown has also skittered financial markets as it seeks to rebalance its economy toward consumption-led growth.  The senior Treasury official said that supply-side reforms in China were “crucial” as it pivots to a stronger services sector, and praised the country’s ongoing efforts to reduce excess capacity. Lew is scheduled to travel to Beijing for two days immediately following the G20 gathering, where he will meet with senior Chinese government officials, Treasury said in a statement.  In those meetings he will urge China to “follow through” on its commitment to market-based economic reforms, the senior Treasury official said.  On Friday, IMF chief Christine Lagarde called on G20 officials to focus on global economic spillovers from their policy decisions. An increasing number of central banks, including the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan, have turned to negative interest rates over the past year in order to avoid deflation and promote economic growth. ",1
10736,Rubio picks outgoing Devon executive to oversee energy policy issues,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio has picked Devon Energy Corp co-founder Larry Nichols to help oversee his campaign’s stance on energy issues, Rubio spokesman Jahan Wilcox said on Monday.     Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida, made the choice as his campaign efforts move toward the next round of primary voting states, including Nevada on Tuesday and then Oklahoma and Texas on March 1, “Super Tuesday.”      Nichols, who stepped down as Devon’s CEO in 2012 after more than 30 years but stayed on executive chairman, is set to fully retire this year from the Oklahoma-based oil producer. Like other powerful voices in the oil and gas industry, Nichols last year echoed calls to lift a 40-year-old federal ban on crude oil exports. Nichols is set to host a Feb. 26 fundraiser for Rubio in Oklahoma, a key U.S. energy state and home to significant horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, and in December donated $50,000 to the super PAC supporting Rubio, according to Bloomberg News. Nichols, 73, is active in several industry groups, including America’s Natural Gas Alliance, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Business Industry Political Action Committee, and the American Petroleum Institute, according to Devon’s website. He also previously led the American Exploration & Production Council. Before his work in the energy sector, Nichols worked as a special assistant in the U.S. Department of Justice, the company’s website said. Rubio is battling to be the Republican nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election alongside front-runner and real estate tycoon Donald Trump and fellow U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a key oil state. Ohio Governor John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson are also seeking the Republican nomination.    (Reporting by Emily Stephenson) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10737,Obama says cautiously optimistic of getting TPP trade deal passed,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Monday he was “cautiously optimistic” that the U.S. Congress would support the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact his administration made with Asian countries. Speaking to state governors at the White House, Obama said he would have to rely on votes from pro-trade Democrats and Republicans since labor leaders opposed the deal. Obama noted that Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan had largely been supportive of the pact.  Passing the deal would be a legacy-defining achievement during Obama’s final year in office. ",1
10738,Republican Marco Rubio winning Wall Street fundraising race,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican Marco Rubio’s presidential run has drawn more money from Wall Street donors than any other candidate, according to a Reuters review of campaign finance disclosures, shoring up his position as his party’s establishment alternative to front-runner Donald Trump. The U.S. senator from Florida has received more than $4 million from the employees of banks and investment firms like Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) since launching his bid for the presidency last year, according to the analysis of individual donations totaling more than $200 each. (Click here for a graphic: reut.rs/1Q4ZisK) Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who dropped out of the race on Saturday after poor finishes in the early nominating contests of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, came in second in Wall Street donations, accumulating $2.45 million in contributions, while Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton took third place with $723,361, according to the review. The amounts include contributions to the candidates’ respective Super PACs, fundraising groups that are not directly connected to their campaigns but which spend on their behalf. More money could be on the way for Rubio as the Republican field narrows. Within minutes of Bush leaving the race, for example, some of his donors told Reuters they were preparing to throw their financial support behind Rubio. Wall Street donations, however, can hurt as well as help a candidate, especially with voters who blame bankers for the 2008 financial crisis and the ensuing Great Recession. “The idea of raising cash from Wall Street is a tricky one,” said University of Iowa professor Tim Hagle. “Even on the Republican side, there’s a certain mistrust among the base for that sector.”  But Hagle added that the financial support could help Rubio as he seeks to become the Republican party’s anti-Trump candidate. “The advantages of having the additional funding at this critical time seem to be worth the extra criticism that might come his way as a result,” the professor said.U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who won Iowa’s caucuses but trailed Rubio slightly in South Carolina’s primary, where he had hoped to win second place, has drawn just under $85,000 from Wall Street employees, according to the review. The support for Rubio was largely driven by donations to his allied Super PAC, Conservative Solutions. Billionaire investor Paul Singer endorsed Rubio in October and contributed $2.5 million to the Super PAC, according to the filings. In January, Rubio raised $9,792, the third-highest total for the month in the presidential field behind Clinton, with $51,000, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, with $26,000. Christie has also dropped out of the race. Bush raised just $5,513 from the sector in January. Democrat Bernie Sanders and Republican Donald Trump have received some of the smallest totals from Wall Street. Sanders, who has blamed the financial crisis on Wall Street and has promised to break up big banks, raised $26,650 from bank employees since launching his bid, a tiny fraction of the $96 million he has raised from all sources. Trump, a billionaire businessman who is self-funding his campaign, raised only $1,566 from employees of banks. Most of Trump’s fundraising has come in the form of selling merchandise on his website. ",1
10739,Romney to endorse Rubio in 2016 Republican White House race: report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. Republican presidential nominee will endorse Marco Rubio in the race for the party’s presidential nomination, Huffington Post reported on Sunday.  The endorsement came on the heels of Rubio’s second-place finish in Saturday night’s primary in South Carolina, where he edged out rival Ted Cruz for the No. 2 slot, the website reported, citing unidentified Republican sources. Romney will join a list of so-called establishment endorsements to back the first-term U.S. senator from Florida, including South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, who endorsed Rubio days before the state’s primary.  (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Doina Chiacu) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10740,"After Nevada, Sanders faces struggle to broaden appeal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders’ high-flying Democratic presidential campaign fell back to Earth on Saturday in Nevada.  If the Vermont senator cannot quickly find a way to broaden his appeal to minorities and union members, last week’s 22-point rout of Clinton in New Hampshire could prove to be his campaign highlight. The race moves next week to South Carolina, where blacks make up more than half of the Democratic electorate, and on March 1 to a string of southern states with big blocs of African-Americans, who strongly support Clinton and have been slow to warm to Sanders. The rush of March contests in big, diverse states — Democrats in nearly two dozen states will vote between March 1 and March 15 — could leave Sanders grasping for political life. “This was a bad day for Sanders,” said David Woodard, a political scientist at Clemson University in South Carolina. “He needs to find a way to cut into Clinton’s base, and I don’t think he is going to find it here.” Although Clinton’s 5-point win was relatively narrow, it was enough to blunt Sanders’ momentum. Recent voter surveys had shown a tight race in Nevada, raising the prospect of another damaging setback for Clinton.      Entrance polls in Nevada showed Clinton trounced Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, by 3-to-1 among black voters, and also beat him in union households by 11 percentage points. The enthusiasm of younger and liberal voters who rallied around Sanders’ calls for reining in Wall Street and reducing income equality was not enough in Nevada to counter Clinton’s union and organizational clout, allowing her to reclaim front-runner status as the race shifts to more friendly turf. After the New Hampshire setback, Clinton’s campaign was banking that Sanders would be unable to breach a so-called “firewall” of Hispanic and African-American support for the former Secretary of State in southern and western states.  Nevada’s result appeared to support that view. “He’s running a strong campaign, but being close is overrated if you can’t make the sale,” said Mo Elleithee, a Clinton aide in her 2008 campaign and now the executive director of the Georgetown Institute of Politics and Public Service. The Sanders campaign said it was heartened in Nevada by entrance polls showing he beat Clinton among Hispanics by about eight points. “What we learned today is Hillary Clinton’s firewall with Latino voters is a myth,” Arturo Carmona, deputy political director for Bernie 2016, said in a statement. But the Clinton campaign questioned those numbers, saying that at one point she had won 60 percent of the delegates in 22 Latino-majority precincts.  Clinton’s convincing showing in Nevada could reduce the chances of a late run by an independent candidate such as former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, who would likely scoop up moderate voters turned off by a socialist nominee. In a sense, Sanders was a victim in Nevada of his own success. His ability to close the gap on Clinton in Iowa and rout her in New Hampshire, nearly all-white states, raised expectations that he could ride to another upset in Nevada. “Nevada put out the Bern,” said Ken Tietjen, a Clinton supporter who stood outside her Las Vegas victory rally at Caesar’s Palace. “Hillary has all the momentum going forward.” But Sanders’ strong showings in the first three contests, along with his formidable fundraising, suggest staying power. That could help extend the Democratic race beyond the cluster of early March contests and into April and May, when a string of contests in whiter and more liberal states could help him. Sanders has money for the long haul, although Clinton had more on hand at the end of January. Federal election reports filed as the Nevada results were announced showed Sanders had raised $21.3 million in January and had $14.7 million on hand. In January, Hillary raised $13.2 million from individual donors and had $32.9 million on hand. Some black voters said on Saturday they did not see a reason to switch their loyalty away from Clinton, a fondness that dates back to her husband Bill Clinton’s presidency but which was strained by her bitter primary battle with Barack Obama in 2008. Asked who he was backing, Thomas Anderson, an African-American in Columbia, South Carolina, said on Saturday: “Hillary, of course.” “She’s got more experience. She knows what the country needs,” he said, adding “Bernie’s a cool guy. I’m down with Bernie too.” Clinton’s embrace of Obama’s presidential legacy, and her argument that Sanders would begin to unravel some of Obama’s policies on healthcare and other issues, also has made an impression. Darien Gambrell, 23, said she heard Clinton planned to continue a number of Obama’s policies. “I think that’s a good thing. I liked some of his ideas, even the ones that didn’t seem to work at first,” she said, adding she would not want a candidate who would reverse Obama’s work.      (Additional reporting by Luciana Lopez and Jane Ross in Nevada, Emily Flitter and Steve Holland in South Carolina, Michelle Conlin in New York, Amanda Becker in Washington; Editing by Stuart Grudgings) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10741,Republican candidates offer stark contrast in visions as field thins,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - As the presidential field winnows after Donald Trump’s commanding victory in South Carolina’s nominating contest, U.S. Republican voters face a choice that grows starker by the day. Do they back the rage-infused, turn-back-the-clock tone of Trump, or perhaps his conservative, evangelical rival, Ted Cruz? Or do they favor the sunnier, more inclusive appeals of emerging establishment favorite Marco Rubio or Ohio Governor John Kasich. Not only will the answer decide the Republican nominee, it may well change what it means to be a Republican. The party is enduring a schism between those who want to work within the system and those want to tear it down. “The GOP is broken [and] may not be salvageable,” said Juleanna Glover, a Republican consultant in Washington who had supported Jeb Bush, who dropped out of the race on Saturday after a poor showing in South Carolina. Trump’s support, she said, shows that one-third of the party’s voters “want out.”  Bush, the former Florida governor, had been part of that camp of Republican establishment optimists. Ben Carson, the right-wing retired neurosurgeon, was never a factor in South Carolina and could be the next to exit. That leaves a Final Four, of sorts, as the campaign maintains a southern focus for a string of contests on March 1 that include Georgia, Texas, and Virginia. Trump and Cruz will be the favorites in many of them, with Rubio, a senator from Florida, and Kasich seen struggling until the primary schedule shifts to more hospitable regions, including their home states.  Rubio finished in a near tie for second in South Carolina with Cruz, rebounding strongly from his stumble in New Hampshire, where he finished fifth and was criticized for being overly scripted. He stands to benefit the most from Bush’s departure as the perceived establishment standard-bearer. Kasich trailed well behind, managing fewer votes than Bush. Billionaire real estate developer Trump has racked up wins in two of the three early-voting states by channeling the disillusionment many Americans, especially the white working-class, feel with stagnant wages, globalization, the influence of corporate money in politics, and a gridlocked government. Cruz, a senator from Texas, has courted libertarian and religious voters who believe their values are under assault.  Both strike a tone of alarm, largely about the porous U.S. southwest border and the threat of Islamic State. And both often offer a paean to the past, asking voters to envision a time when the country appeared to be more prosperous and homogenous.  Some Republicans fear that the appeal of either candidate will simply be too narrow.  “It’s a dangerous direction for us to go in,” said Chip Felkel, a Republican strategist in Greenville, South Carolina. “I’ll argue with anyone that a Cruz nominee or Trump nominee is someone who can expand this party and help us beat the Democrats.” Alternatively, Rubio and Kasich bill themselves as healers of America’s fractured politics. On the stump, Rubio speaks of uniting the quarrelsome factions of the Republican Party, and has embraced diversity in a way that his competitors have not.  After the South Carolina results rolled in, Rubio, a Cuban-American, stood with South Carolina governor Nikki Haley, the daughter of Indian Sikh immigrants, and Tim Scott, an African-American Republican senator from the state.  “This country is now ready for a new generation of conservatives to lead us into the 21st century,” Rubio said.  Rubio has vowed to grow and unite the party and broaden its appeal among younger Americans. At a rally on Friday in North Charleston, Adam Mandel, 57, was approving of Rubio. “He seems to be a little bit more willing not to go to extremes,” Mandel said.  The contrast between Rubio’s events Friday and those of Trump and Cruz was vivid. Trump, just a day after getting into public spat with Pope Francis, told an apocryphal story about a general who executed Muslims using bullets dipped in pig blood. Cruz‘s rally featured Phil Robertson, star of the reality show “Duck Dynasty” who has condemned homosexuality as sinful.  But some Republican voters worry that Rubio, who, like Cruz, is a first-term senator, and Kasich, who has labeled himself “the prince of light and hope”, aren’t tough of enough to usher in the radical change they crave. “I think Rubio is too easily influenced by the establishment,” James Vinson, 70, a Cruz supporter from Charleston said. “I think he’ll be their guy.”  (Reporting by James Oliphant; Editing by Caren Bohan and Stuart Grudgings) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10742,"Trump wins decisively in South Carolina, Clinton clinches Nevada","LAS VEGAS/COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rolled to victory on Saturday in South Carolina in a contest that saw former Florida Governor Jeb Bush drop out, while Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton beat back a strong challenge from Bernie Sanders in Nevada. The victories by Trump, who is running as an anti-establishment outsider, and Clinton, a preeminent political insider, solidified their positions as the front-runners to win their parties’ respective nominations ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. The night’s most prominent casualty, Bush suffered a distant fourth place finish in the Republican contest and announced he had suspended his campaign, ending his dream of becoming a third Bush president after his father and brother. “The people of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina have spoken, and I really respect their decision,” an emotional Bush said in Columbia. He finished far out of the running in each of the first three states. By winning both South Carolina and New Hampshire and holding leads in 13 states that hold Republican contests on March 1, Trump was arguably on track to win the nomination, an outcome that seemed astounding to contemplate when he entered the race last summer. “It’s going to be very difficult for him to be derailed at this point,” said Hogan Gidley, who was a senior adviser to former Republican candidate Mike Huckabee.    The 69-year-old real estate billionaire and reality TV star was declared the winner in South Carolina about an hour after polls closed, and launched into a feisty victory speech.  “Let’s put this thing away,” Trump told cheering supporters in Spartanburg. He denounced TV pundits for saying there could be enough anti-Trump votes to beat him when the race thins further. “These geniuses,” he said. “They don’t understand that as people drop out, I’m going to get a lot of those votes also. You don’t just add them together.” Trump easily defeated Florida Senator Marco Rubio and Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who were in a close fight for second place and the right to declare themselves the anti-Trump alternative. With 99 percent of South Carolina precincts reporting, Trump had 32.5 percent, followed by Rubio with 22.5 percent and Cruz with 22.3 percent.  Cruz’s inability to distinguish himself from Rubio in the state was a blow to his campaign, which had invested heavily there to rally support among South Carolina’s large population of evangelical voters. Trump’s victory won him at least 44 of the state’s 50 delegates, bringing his delegate count to 61, compared to 11 for Cruz and 10 for Rubio, according to a tally by Real Clear Politics. Republicans need 1,237 delegates to win the party nomination. It was Trump’s second victory in a row, an outcome that frightens establishment Republicans but thrills the “throw-the-bums-out” conservative base of the party that has long been fed up with Washington.         The bellicose New York billionaire had created some last-minute drama in South Carolina after Pope Francis said on Thursday his views on U.S. immigration were “not Christian.” Trump, who has also advocated a ban on Muslim immigrants to counter domestic terror threats, stirred fresh controversy on Friday when he told a crowd about a U.S. general who was said to have dipped bullets in pigs’ blood to kill Muslim prisoners a century ago. Former Secretary of State Clinton’s victory in the Nevada Democratic caucuses, meanwhile, could help calm worries among the Democratic establishment about the strength of her campaign. Her result denied Sanders the breakthrough win he had sought in a state with a heavy minority population, but his ability to close a one-time double-digit polling lead for Clinton suggests the Democratic nominating race will be long and hard fought. With 90 percent of precincts reporting, the former first lady was leading with 52.6 percent of the vote to Sanders’ 47.4 percent.  Clinton’s victory gave her fresh momentum as she heads into the next contest in South Carolina on Feb. 27, where polls show her with a double-digit lead largely as a result of heavy support from black voters. “Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other,” she told cheering supporters at a victory rally in Las Vegas. “This is your campaign.”     Sanders vowed to fight on and set his sights on the 11 states that vote on “Super Tuesday,” March 1. He predicted that when Democrats gather for their nominating convention in Philadelphia in July, “We are going to see the results of one of the great political upsets in the history of the United States.” “The wind is at our backs,” the Vermont senator said. “We have the momentum.” After routing Clinton in New Hampshire and finishing a strong second in Iowa, states with nearly all-white populations, Sanders had hoped to prove in Nevada that he could win over black and Hispanic voters and compete nationally as the race moves to states with more diverse populations. But entrance polling in Nevada showed he badly lost among black voters, by 76 percent to 22 percent, a bad omen for South Carolina and other southern states with big black populations. He did win among Hispanics by 53 percent to 45 percent. Clinton’s campaign has argued she would assert control of the Democratic race once it moved to more diverse states with black and Hispanic populations who have traditionally backed Clinton and have been slow to warm to Sanders.  (Reporting by Luciana Lopez and Steve Holland; Writing by John Whitesides, Steve Holland and Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Andrew Hay and Mary Milliken) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10743,Rubio sharpens attacks after latest Trump win in White House race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Marco Rubio emerged from a razor-thin second-place finish in South Carolina’s presidential primary on Sunday with the Republican field narrowed and his target clear: Donald Trump. Rubio squeaked by rival and U.S. Senate colleague Ted Cruz in a vote on Saturday that cemented the appeal of firebrand outsider Trump as well as the failure of a candidate from one of America’s political dynasties: Jeb Bush. The five remaining Republican candidates are now scrambling for voters in 12 states that hold nominating contests on March 1, also known as Super Tuesday, the next milestone on the road to the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Rubio, a first-term senator from Florida who himself has come under attack for lacking governing experience, turned that criticism on Trump, a billionaire businessman and former reality TV star who has never held elective office. Trump is long on rhetoric but short on specifics, Rubio said on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” challenging the front-runner, who finished 10 points ahead in South Carolina, to provide them. “If you’re running to be president of the United States, you can’t just tell people you’re going to make America great again - I think you need to begin to explain exactly how you’re going to do it, policy-wise,” Rubio said, referring to the Trump campaign slogan “Make America Great Again!”  Rubio criticized Trump on healthcare policy and said he found his view of Russian leader Vladimir Putin troubling. “I don’t think he fundamentally understands exactly who Vladimir Putin is and or exactly what he’s trying to do,” Rubio said, quickly adding, “This is not an attack or anything of that nature.” In several television appearances, Rubio stressed his intention was not to “go after” Trump but to discuss issues. Rubio has reason to be skittish. A hallmark of Trump’s campaign has been consistent and highly personal savaging of his political rivals - or anyone else he perceives has attacked him, including a milder rebuke of Pope Francis. His most notable target was Bush, whom he began characterizing early on as a “low-energy” loser. In television appearances on Sunday, Trump appeared uncharacteristically modest and took pains to lower expectations that his path to the Republican nomination was now clear. He responded to Rubio’s criticism without attacking Rubio himself, saying on CBS that he had “great knowledge” of foreign policy. Cruz, who had expected his appeal to conservative and evangelical voters to give him an edge in South Carolina, said he was the only candidate who has beaten and could beat Trump. Cruz told NBC’s “Meet the Press” he expects conservatives to rally behind him in his home state of Texas and other contests on Super Tuesday, which include Virginia, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Arkansas and Oklahoma. The next Republican contest is on Tuesday in Nevada, where Trump is the runaway favorite. Cruz said Trump has embraced liberal ideas, including abortion rights and requiring healthcare coverage, as well as liberal politicians, including Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton. “Republicans want a real conservative,” Cruz said on ABC’s “This Week.”  Cruz and Rubio tried to draw voters away from Trump, a political outsider who has bucked the Republican Party establishment and caught its leaders off guard. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus struggled to explain Trump’s appeal when asked on ABC’s “This Week,” if the South Carolina result was a rebuke to the party. “No, I don’t think so,” Preibus replied, saying he believed voters are sick and tired of politics in general. “But who the nominee is going to be is not my choice and - and obviously, uh, we’re going to support whoever that is.” Trump on Sunday looked to just that possibility. He said he believed Clinton, who is competing with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, would be the eventual Democratic nominee and said he was the only Republican who could win states like New York and Michigan, which lean Democratic. “I will win states that aren’t in play. I will win states that the Republicans don’t even think of,” he said on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Those sweeping predictions aside, Trump tried to contain expectations in several television appearances. He called both Rubio and Cruz talented men who could conceivably beat him for the nomination, along with the remaining Republican candidates: Ohio Governor John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. He then quipped, “You know, crazy things happen in the world of politics.”  (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Additional reporting by Megan Cassella; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10744,Many U.S. Catholics unfazed by pope's clash with Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Catholics voiced support for Pope Francis on Sunday after he criticized Donald Trump’s immigration stance as “not Christian,” but many interviewed by Reuters said the controversy would not necessarily sour them on the Republican presidential contender. The pontiff injected himself into the U.S. campaign during a conversation with reporters on his flight home from Mexico on Thursday. In his comments, Francis disparaged Trump’s vow to build a wall along the southern U.S. border to keep out illegal immigrants. A sampling of opinion from people before and after Sunday Mass suggested that many Catholics saw the pope’s comments as well-intentioned and grounded in a moral worldview. Many said Francis, who has become a champion of inclusion in his three-year tenure as head of the Roman Catholic Church, was right to insist on the humane treatment of all immigrants.  Even so, most of those interviewed in Boston and New York would not rule out voting for Trump based on what Francis said. About 21 percent of the U.S. population identifies as Catholic. “I agree with the pope as far as being a true Christian, you accept everybody,” said Paul Nappi, 65, outside Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Brooklyn, New York. “I happen to like Trump but I don’t know if he’s literally about building walls or that’s just a figure of speech.” Many churchgoers said the media unfairly whipped up the controversy to goad the pope and Trump into a fight days before Saturday’s South Carolina Republican primary. Trump’s victory there made the billionaire real estate mogul the clear front-runner for his party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. “It’s very treacherous for the media to ask those questions to the pope because they were questions inspired by the media itself,” said Catalina Carmona, 31, a lawyer visiting New York from Colombia. “He was put in a difficult situation and he said what a leader in his position would be able to say.” Francis never directly criticized Trump or mentioned him by name when he told reporters: “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.” Carol Menkiti, 76, of Somerville, Massachusetts, said of the pope’s remarks: “I felt he was using an analogy that’s often used. I love the pope.”  “I don’t think he comments on politics, but he talks about the human condition,” she said after attending Mass at St. Paul’s Church in Cambridge, Massachusetts. A spokesman for Francis sought on Friday to tone down the controversy, insisting the pontiff was not making a personal attack on Trump or any statement about the U.S. election. After initially saying it was “disgraceful” for the pope to judge another’s faith in God, the blunt-spoken Trump said Francis was “a nice man” who was probably misinterpreted by the media. But from the pulpit of St. Paul’s, the Rev. James Flavin did not shy away from the issue. In his Sunday sermon, he linked the pope’s remarks about “walls” to many of the social justice themes he has sounded since his papacy began in March 2013. “The pope denounced a world divided by walls,” Flavin said. “He’s challenging us to change the world through our imitation of Christ.” How much the pope’s views will influence U.S. Catholics in the voting booth is an open question, but parishioners suggested a muted impact at best. While most of those interviewed said they respected the pope’s moral authority, Joe Ruggiero, 70, thought Francis sometimes “gets a little carried away” with what he characterized as a “basically socialist” point of view. “Catholics believe the pope is infallible in issues of faith, not issues of politics,” Ruggiero said outside the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston. Nappi said the pope’s influence over Catholics would not necessarily be the sole determining factor in how Catholics vote.  “I think anytime the pope says something, of course it’ll have an affect on Catholic voters,” he said. “Me personally, I like to weigh all the issues before I make a definitive opinion one way or another.”  (Additional reporting by Scott Malone in Boston; Writing by Frank McGurty; Editing by Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10745,How Egypt's changing culture led one emigre to Trump," (In this February 20 story, corrects in second paragraph that Ibrahim came to the U.S. in 1981, corrects the reason for Ibrahim’s protest in paragraph 9.) By Emily Flitter MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. (Reuters) - Elhamy Ibrahim, 62, is a Muslim who does not like very many other Muslims these days, but loves Donald Trump. The Egyptian-born businessman who came to the United States in 1981 and became a citizen two decades later said in an interview on Friday that he was alarmed by changes in Egypt, where, in his view, high unemployment and poverty have driven many young Egyptians to religious extremism. He strongly backs Trump’s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. until authorities can determine if they pose a threat, even though such a ban could bring hassles for him if he traveled abroad. That is one reason why Ibrahim, who says he does not attend a mosque regularly, approached the real estate mogul after a rally in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and called out “I’m a Muslim and I love you!”  NBC News published a video of the exchange, which took place the evening before Saturday’s Republican primary in South Carolina. Ibrahim proudly posted the video to his Facebook page. Trump has stirred outrage not just in the U.S. but around the world for comments that his critics say are anti-Muslim. But Trump’s fans, including Ibrahim, say Trump’s rhetoric, rather than being insensitive and exclusionary, addresses their fears of the violence they see occurring halfway across the globe. “If he stopped me coming into the U.S., I’d say ‘fine’,” Ibrahim said. “If he said he wanted a loyalty test, I’d be the first to sign it.” SELF-IMPOSED EXILE  As a university student, Ibrahim was jailed twice by the security services of the late President Anwar Sadat, then drafted to fight in Egypt’s 1973 war against Israel, where he was wounded by an explosion that left him blind in one eye.  He said Egyptian security officials ripped his toenails out with pliers because he had protested over Sadat not going to war with Israel. After finishing his degree, he went to Yemen and became friends with the U.S. Consul General in Sana’a, who persuaded him to come to the United States. He lived first in New York, then Baltimore, where he began buying real estate, and eventually moved to Myrtle Beach. Despite the torture he suffered, Ibrahim is comfortable with Trump’s call to “bring back waterboarding and much worse” when interrogating terror suspects. “Torture is being used all over the world, today, tomorrow and yesterday,” Ibrahim said. “At least he’s saying it in public.” His favorite thing about Trump is his business background. “He’ll bring America back - I want to see America that I used to know, not the one that (President Barack) Obama and (former President) George W. Bush destroyed.” He also wants a president who sees Muslims the way he does. His mother and sister, who grew up wearing high heels and mid-length skirts, began to wear head scarves in the early 1990s to avoid harassment on the streets of Cairo. Egypt became a more conservative place. “The media there, they make America seem evil,” he said. “They destroy the spirit of the younger generation, they make them stuck in religion like a bunch of sheep in a flock.”  (Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Caren Bohan and Marguerita Choy) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10746,Wealthy donors drawn to Rubio White House bid after Bush drops out,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Within minutes of Jeb Bush dropping out of the presidential race Saturday night, some of his donors were preparing to throw their financial support behind Marco Rubio, who has emerged as the strongest candidate among the establishment wing of the party. “Jeb’s network is already naturally migrating to Marco,” said Gaylord Hughey, a top Bush fundraiser from Texas, echoing what four other top donors told Reuters. “It’s the clear path.” “It’s a stampede,” added another donor, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he wanted to give Bush some time after dropping out before he went public with his support of Rubio, the U.S. senator from Florida. Three other Bush donors, who declined to be named, also said they now planned to support Rubio.   Although he has failed to win any of the first three nominating contests, Rubio is considered by many political strategists as the best positioned to challenge frontrunner Donald Trump, a billionaire political outsider, and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who has campaigned on an anti-Washington message. The likelihood that some of Bush’s deep-pocketed donors will back Rubio comes at an opportune time for his candidacy, as he heads into a series of contests in March that will be crucial for building momentum. Brian Ballard, who raised money for Bush last year but switched allegiances last summer to Rubio, said: “It’s flooding tonight. Ninety-five percent of Jeb’s money is going to end up with Marco.”  Rubio had only $5 million in cash on hand at the end of January, federal campaign finance reports released Saturday night show, a slim buffer by modern campaign standards.  Conservative Solutions, a political spending group that supports his campaign, had $5.6 million on hand at the end of January, but spent an additional $9.3 million on advertising in the first 19 days of February.  By contrast, Right to Rise, Bush’s political spending group,  had $24.5 million on hand at the end of January but spent $6.6 million of that in February on ads. And his network of donors have proven their financial might, helping Bush at one point to amass a war chest of $150 million. Even before Bush dropped out, some donors privately complained about the missteps of the campaign, expressing concern about the strength of Trump’s candidacy and Bush’s lackluster debate performances.  In January, a dozen top Bush donors interviewed by Reuters said they were angry that Bush was using their money to lob attack ads at Rubio, damaging the candidate they thought had the best chance to win.  They also said they had privately signaled to the Rubio campaign that they would support him once Bush dropped out. But they wouldn’t go public at the time because they feared displeasing the Bush dynasty.       In addition to the Bush money, Rubio is expected to reap the support of the billionaire industrialist Koch brothers and their donor network, which is expected to spend $400 million in the presidential race, according to several network donors and Koch political organization officials.  The Koch brothers are also in the midst of planning efforts to undercut Trump’s candidacy, network officials and members said at a recent private retreat in California. Their focus group research has shown that when voters learn more about how Trump’s past business behavior has hurt ordinary people, they sour on him, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.   (Reporting By Michelle Conlin; Editing by Paul Thomasch and Mary Milliken) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10747,Unforced errors and miscalculations end Bush's White House hopes,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Before Donald Trump’s put-downs and the stumbles in presidential debates, and before the profound frustration of voters became so unmistakably apparent, Jeb Bush appeared to be best positioned to win back the White House for Republicans in 2016. He amassed a $150 million war chest in 2015, surrounded himself with some of the best minds in the party, had a famous last name and attracted the support of the party establishment. And yet, after a dismal finish in South Carolina, Bush  dropped out of the race on Saturday with an emotional speech. “I firmly believe the American people must entrust this office to someone who understands that whoever holds it is the servant, not the master, someone who will commit to that service with honor and decency,” he said.     How Bush found himself out of the race after just the third nominating contest of 2016 is a cautionary tale of political miscalculation and strategic errors, according to interviews with a dozen Republican operatives, many with close ties to the Bush campaign and others who worked for the last two Republican presidential nominees, conducted during the last days of his campaign. From the start, they said, Bush appeared to misjudge the mood of the Republican base. In December 2014, for instance, Bush gathered his senior aides and a small group of national political operatives for a meeting in Miami to talk about his coming candidacy. A survey to gauge the national mood of the party was dismissed by Bush and his aides as unnecessary. Such polling, a participant said, would have made clear to Bush the rebellious sentiment of the conservative base of the party.     “They missed the boat,” the participant said. The polling may have also helped the campaign spot the threat of Trump, a billionaire and political outsider who tapped into that anti-establishment anger and stormed to the top of the polls. The Bush campaign disputed the charge as inaccurate. “He has shared the frustration of voters from the outset and he has not strayed from that,” said spokeswoman Kristy Campbell. “He has presented a hopeful, optimistic message that is based on the belief that he has the leadership skills to get the job done.” Viewing Trump as a summer fad who would fade given his outrageous comments, the campaign was slow to respond to the billionaire when he first blasted Bush last August as “low-energy.” Bush maintained his above-the-fray strategy and focused on his policy proposals instead of mixing it up with Trump. Trump relentlessly and bluntly attacked Bush in speeches and on Twitter, portraying him as tired, weak and out of touch with the party. Trump has mentioned Bush on Twitter hundreds of times, far more than any other Republican candidate.      “There was a decision made that he was not a serious person and would fade away,” said one Republican strategist close to the Bush camp, who asked to remain anonymous. “You don’t want to dignify somebody who wasn’t a serious candidate. It wasn’t just Jeb. Nobody thought he was.”     When the “low energy” attacks on Bush started to take hold and his poll numbers began dropping, he went out of his way to insist he had plenty of energy to be president, talking of working 16-hour days, putting in feistier appearances on the stump and hitting back at Trump hard.     Behind the scenes, though, donors said they fretted that too much time had gone by before he took the problem seriously.     Some confidants of the former Florida governor seethed for weeks at Trump’s taunts and urged the campaign to shift to a more aggressive posture.     “They made a horrendous miscalculation in not understanding the intent of the low-energy attack, which was designed to emasculate Bush, to make him look weak,” said Steve Schmidt, who was campaign manager to 2008 Republican nominee John McCain.     “Defining him as weak denied him the ability to make the argument that by resume, competence and experience he was the most fit to command,” said Schmidt.     When Bush launched his campaign in June, he was the clear frontrunner among Republicans, polling at nearly 18 percent in a crowded field. Roughly six weeks later Trump had taken a commanding lead with 26 percent and Bush had dropped to around 12 percent, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. Today Trump stands at 38 percent.  But Trump was hardly Bush’s only obstacle. Perhaps his biggest misstep was one of his own making, when he spent days trying to explain whether he would have launched the Iraq war begun by his brother, former President George W. Bush.     Even George W. Bush has admitted mistakes were made in the 2003 conflict. But for a week last May, Jeb Bush was flummoxed by the question. The trouble began when he told Fox News that “I would have” launched the invasion even knowing what is now known - that Iraq did not possess weapons of mass destruction. While Bush said he did not understand the question, his response began days of controversy that fed a narrative pushed by Democrats that he was little different from his brother when it came to Iraq.     Some of Bush’s foreign policy advisers were surprised that Bush did not have an answer prepared for the inevitable question.     There was a disagreement among his advisers on how best to respond, “a genuine amount of confusion and upsetness about the whole thing,” said one outside adviser to the campaign, who asked to be anonymous.     Not wanting to be disloyal to his brother, Bush spent days trying to articulate a position until he finally disavowed the statement and declared he would not have ordered the war.     “The fact that we went through this anguished process of several days and several kinds of answers was quite astonishing,” the adviser said.     Finally, George W. Bush told his brother he did not need to defend decisions made back in 2003.  Jeb Bush had an on-again, off-again strategy to embrace the family name, but finally took full advantage of his family in New Hampshire and especially in South Carolina, where the Bush family name remains a valuable brand. For the first time in the campaign former President George W. Bush hit the campaign trail in South Carolina for his brother, addressing thousands of Republicans at a rally.  “I know campaigns are stressful and taxing,” he said. “But they should be. Because the job of the president is much harder than the campaign.” The challenges of the campaign were driven home two days later when Jeb Bush learned that South Carolina’s governor, Nikki Haley, would endorse Rubio.  It was a double blow for Bush: not only did he fail to secure the backing of a popular governor, it went instead to Rubio, his one-time political protégé who has been the target of stinging attacks from Bush. His allied Super PAC, Right to Rise USA, spent at least $12.5 million on advertising opposing Rubio, according to Federal Election Commission data. Bush learned about the endorsement at a town hall meeting in Summerville, South Carolina, where some members of the audience gave him advice on how to run his campaign. He summed up the news briskly. “Disappointed,” he said. By Saturday night, less than two hours after the polls had closed, Bush had called it quits.   (Additional reporting by Grant Smith, Melissa Fares and Chris Kahn; Editing by Paul Thomasch and Ross Colvin) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10748,Republican Jeb Bush ends 2016 presidential campaign,"COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush said on Saturday he was suspending his campaign after a disappointing finish in the South Carolina primary.  Bush, who also fared poorly in earlier contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, said the race had been “hard fought” but that voters of those three states had spoken. In what appeared to be a jab at Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, whom Bush has accused of lacking ideas, the former Florida Governor said, “ideas matter, policy matters.”  Bush, the son of former President George H.W. Bush and brother to former President George W. Bush, entered the 2016 campaign as the favorite, but was unable to convert a sizable fundraising advantage into success at the polls. ",1
10749,Illinois judge to decide jurisdiction over Cruz eligibility complaint,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - An Illinois judge on Friday said she would decide next month whether she had jurisdiction over a voter’s complaint that Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz should not be on the state’s primary ballot because he was born in Canada. Lawrence Joyce, a lawyer and pharmacist, filed a complaint in January with the Illinois State Board of Elections saying that under the U.S. Constitution, the Texas senator cannot run for president since he is not a “natural born” citizen. Cruz was born in Calgary, Alberta of a Cuban father and an American mother. The Board rejected Joyce’s complaint - saying Cruz became a natural-born citizen at the moment of his birth because of his mother’s citizenship - so he petitioned the Cook County Circuit Court to review that decision. Circuit Court Judge Maureen Ward Kirby said she was not sure she had jurisdiction, and set a March 1 hearing for arguments on whether to dismiss the complaint. The complaint comes in the wake of repeated attacks on Cruz about his eligibility by New York businessman and presidential rival Donald Trump. Children born abroad to American citizens can immediately be registered as U.S. citizens through a consular report of birth abroad, but Joyce said that process is a form of naturalization. A Reuters/Ipsos poll in January found that one quarter of Republicans did not think Cruz was qualified to be president because of his birthplace.  Cruz and Trump are locked in a battle to win the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election. Cruz won the first nominating contest in Iowa while Trump prevailed in New Hampshire. “A potential nightmare scenario may be developing if Ted Cruz becomes the nominee and is then forced to resign the nomination,” Joyce told reporters. He backs Republican candidate Ben Carson but said no candidate was involved in his lawsuit. Voters in New York and in Alabama have also filed legal challenges to Cruz’s eligibility. “It is widely assumed and believed that no court is going to invalidate a presidential candidate on this issue,” said Gerald Rosenberg, a professor at the University of Chicago Law School. Lawyers for both Cruz and the Illinois State Board of Elections said they would present motions to dismiss the case based on jurisdiction and because they said Lawrence did not properly serve notice of his complaint. The Illinois primary is March 15 but early voting has already begun. ",1
10750,"Vatican to Trump: It's not 'personal,' it's religion","MYRTLE BEACH, South Carolina (Reuters) - The Vatican on Friday tried to tamp down a firestorm ignited by Pope Francis’ comments assailing Donald Trump’s views on U.S. immigration as “not Christian”, assuring the Republican presidential front-runner that it was not a personal attack or attempt to influence the U.S. campaign. Francis told reporters during a conversation on his flight home from Mexico on Thursday, “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.” Trump has said if elected president, he would build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to keep immigrants from illegally entering the United States.  Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi told Vatican Radio the pope’s comments, in response to a reporter’s question on Trump, were an affirmation of his longstanding belief that migrants should be helped and not shut out. He said the pope believed people “should build bridges, not walls”. “In no way was this a personal attack, nor an indication of how to vote,” Lombardi said.  Trump, who leads Republican candidates in opinion polls, lashed out on Thursday, dismissing the pope’s remarks as “disgraceful” for questioning his faith. “If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS (Islamic State), which as everyone knows is ISIS’ ultimate trophy, I can promise you that the pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president,” Trump said. Later, during a television appearance, he rowed back, calling Francis “a wonderful guy.” The extraordinary exchange between the billionaire real estate developer and leader of the world’s 1.25 billion Roman Catholics, which occurred days before Saturday’s Republican nominating contest in South Carolina, was headline news around the world. On Friday, New York’s Daily News gave it the front page. Against a backdrop of an image of Trump, a headline blared: Anti Christ! The New York Post ran a front page photo of Trump and the pope wearing boxing gloves with the headline: Trump & pope: Bible belters.      It was unclear what, if any, effect the tussle might have on the vote in South Carolina, a conservative state that is home to many evangelical Protestant Christians. Patrick Hornbeck, chairman of the department of theology at Fordham University in New York, said on Thursday that Francis’ words were not surprising given the poverty he had just seen in Mexico. “There is very little common ground between Pope Francis and Donald Trump,” Hornbeck said. He predicted the pope’s words on electoral politics would have little effect on any U.S. Catholics who liked Trump as a candidate. At a CNN town hall in Columbia, South Carolina, on Thursday night, Trump said he had “a lot of respect” for Francis but that the pope had been influenced by hearing only Mexico’s side of the border issue. The pope’s statement also had been exaggerated by the media, he said. “I think he said something much softer than it was originally reported by the media,” Trump said.  Earlier on Thursday, Thomas Groome, director of the Boston College Center on the Church in the 21st Century, said Francis’ comments were entirely in keeping with his focus on mercy. “The pope is commissioned to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. That’s his job,” Groome said. “So when he was asked a direct question, he gave Trump the benefit of the doubt, he said we have to be sure he said this, but if he said this, it is not Christian.”  (Reporting by Emily Flitter; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Toni Reinhold) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10751,"At Scalia funeral, led by son, U.S. court battle in recess","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s memorial service on Saturday provided a brief respite for official Washington from the fierce battle over his succession, with political and legal leaders and many others in attendance. At the blue-domed Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception, the nation’s largest Catholic church, dozens of priests took part in the funeral mass, led by one of the justice’s nine children, Reverend Paul Scalia. More than 3,000 people looked on, including other family members, the court’s remaining eight justices, lawmakers, Vice President Joseph Biden and former Vice President Dick Cheney. “God blessed Dad with a deep Catholic faith,” the younger Scalia told the gathering inside the cathedral. “He loved the clarity and coherence of the church’s teachings.” He fondly remembered an outburst one day after his father realized he was waiting for confession at church in a line that would have led him to his son. The justice jumped out of the line. “‘Like heck if I’m confessing to you,’” the father said later to the son, who remarked: “The feeling was mutual.” A staunch conservative and the court’s longest-serving member, Justice Scalia died last Saturday at age 79 at a Texas hunting resort, sparking a political struggle that promises to reshape the 2016 election campaigns. Presidential candidate Ted Cruz, a Republican senator from Texas, was among those at the service. Like other Republicans, he has said that President Barack Obama, a Democrat, should not choose Scalia’s replacement. Rather, Republicans are saying no one should be named until after the presidential election in November, hoping that one of their own will be elected and get to choose the next justice.  Under law, the U.S. president is responsible for nominating Supreme Court justices to their lifetime appointments, subject to Senate review and confirmation. Appointing a justice to the court is one of the biggest decisions a U.S. president can make. Obama has vowed to select a successor to Scalia. If he does so, Senate Republicans have threatened to block any nominee put forward by Obama, a stance likely to become an issue in the presidential race and in election year contests for seats in the Senate and the House of Representatives. According to a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll, a majority of Americans believe it should be up to Obama to nominate the next  justice, with opinion divided along ideological party lines. This year the normally nine-justice court is set to decide its first major abortion case in nearly a decade, as well as cases on voting rights, affirmative action and immigration. The new justice’s politics could tilt the court’s balance. After Scalia’s death, it has four conservative and four liberal members. Appointed by Republican President Ronald Reagan in 1986, Scalia became known as a brilliant jurist in an era of conservative court dominance. He opposed abortion and same-sex marriage and supported the death penalty and gun rights. ",1
10752,"Republican Trump backed Iraq war in 2002 interview, says views changed","(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, who frequently touts his opposition to the Iraq war, appeared to support the idea in a newly unearthed 2002 interview, but said on Thursday he became an opponent by the time the invasion occurred. In the interview before the war began, which was republished by Buzzfeed on Thursday, radio personality Howard Stern asked Trump if he supported invading Iraq. “Yeah I guess so,” Trump said, according to the audio clip. During a town hall event in South Carolina on Thursday, Trump said the interview was not relevant because his views changed before the invasion. “By the time the war started, I was against it, and shortly after, I was really against it,” he said.    The billionaire businessman and former reality TV star, who leads the field seeking the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama, has cited his opposition to the 2003 invasion of Iraq as evidence of his foreign policy credentials. But his criticism of former Republican President George W. Bush’s actions has aggravated some in his party, including in South Carolina, which holds its Republican primary on Saturday. Trump’s comments on Thursday came after a participant at the CNN event said he was “stung” when the real estate mogul in a recent Republican debate accused Bush of lying about the reasons to go to war. He was referring to allegations, later proven false, that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.  Trump walked back that criticism, saying the reasons for going to war were unclear. But he said the invasion was not justified and contributed to the destabilization of the Middle East. “Going into Iraq, it may have been the worst decision anybody has made, any president has made, in the history of this country. That’s how bad it is,” Trump said.  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson in Washington and Emily Flitter in South Carolina; Editing by Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10753,Key South Carolina Democrat Clyburn endorses Clinton for president,"(Reuters) - U.S. Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina backed Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination on Friday, giving her campaign a vital boost from the state’s most influential black politician ahead of next week’s primary. Clyburn’s endorsement comes as Clinton battles rival Bernie Sanders for the support of blacks in the South Carolina contest on Feb. 27, when more than half of the voters are likely to be black. Polls show Clinton with a solid double-digit lead in South Carolina, fueled by strong African-American support. Clyburn’s backing could help solidify that lead. “Campaigns are and should be about the future, and I believe that the future of the Democratic Party and the United States of America will be best served with the experience and know-how of Hillary Clinton as our 45th president,” Clyburn said at a news conference in South Carolina. Clyburn, the No. 3 ranked Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives and the only Democrat in Congress from South Carolina, stayed neutral in the bitter 2008 race between Clinton and Barack Obama. But he said he decided to get involved this time because Clinton was well positioned to tackle many of the challenges facing minorities and the country. “Hillary Clinton is a fighter, and that’s what we need for our next president,” Clyburn said. Clinton and Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, have been courting support from black civil rights leaders and voters as the Democratic race has moved on from mostly white Iowa, where Clinton narrowly won, and New Hampshire, where Sanders routed Clinton. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here).  (Reporting by John Whitesides and Megan Cassella; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10754,"Oil industry bet big on Jeb Bush for president, Reuters review shows. Now what?","(Reuters) - U.S. oil and gas executives bet big on 2016 Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush - they donated more to his White House run than to all of his rivals combined, according to a Reuters review of campaign disclosures. But that was last year. Now Bush faces what party strategists and donors view as a make or break moment on Saturday in South Carolina’s Republican primary, or early nominating contest. Polls show him trailing in the single digits. If he fails to do well, there will be pressure on him to quit, strategists say, and the oil money will be looking for a new home. The main beneficiaries in the Republican race would likely be Ted Cruz, a U.S. Senator from Texas, and Marco Rubio, a U.S. Senator from Florida. After Bush, the two candidates received the most contributions from the oil and gas industry, according to the Reuters review. When Bush entered the White House race last year, the petroleum sector saw him as their natural choice: he was the son and brother of former presidents and he came from a West Texas family with historically close ties to the oil industry. “Bush is part of a family that is a friendly face to the oil industry,” said Sarah Emerson, director of Energy Security Analysis Inc. in Boston. He drew more than $2 million from the chief executive officers of companies like Exxon Mobil (XOM.N), Halliburton (HAL.N), Kinder Morgan (KMI.N), and Chief Oil & Gas in 2015, making up about 56 percent of all the industry’s contributions to the race so far, according to the review. The review covered contributions from 75 oil and gas companies, their employees, and their political action committees to presidential candidates’ campaigns and allied Super PACs. When counting donations only to Republican candidates’ campaigns, employees favored Cruz among the Republicans, with Bush in second place and Rubio in third. (Click here for a graphic on oil and gas money in the U.S. presidential race: tmsnrt.rs/24cW28e ) Several of Bush’s biggest oil CEO donors have links to his family. Richard Kinder of Kinder Morgan, for example, campaigned for George H.W. Bush’s run for the White House in 1992, and for George W. Bush’s run in 2004. Halliburton’s CEO, David Lesar, meanwhile, succeeded Dick Cheney after George W. Bush nominated him vice president in 2000. “Some of those people may be thinking support can get them a place in Bush-world,” said one Washington D.C.-based oil industry lobbyist, who asked not to be named. “The question is, where does that money go if Bush bleeds out?” Bush is now running in fifth place among seven Republicans in a national Reuters/Ipsos poll. He has just 8 percent support leading into Saturday’s primary, compared with front-runner Donald Trump’s 40 percent. Cruz and Rubio came second and third in the poll with 17 percent and 11 percent, respectively. Donations directly from oil companies and their political action committees or PACs have been practically nil – suggesting that millions of dollars remain on the sidelines of the race that could be deployed once the field of candidates narrows. This year’s election is particularly important to oil and gas executives because of a steep slump in energy prices that has slashed profits and worries that another Democratic president could strengthen curbs on drilling and carbon emissions introduced by President Barack Obama. “There is a pronounced partisan agenda on energy,” said Robert McNally, founder and president of the Washington-based global energy consultancy The Rapidan Group, explaining the two parties have moved farther apart on energy policy. “There’s no middle of the road anymore,” he said. As a group, oil and gas company CEOs have doled out nearly $3.2 million in support of presidential candidates so far – more than three times more than all oil company employees did in the equivalent period of the 2012 race. One million dollars of that went to Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who dropped out in September. The CEOs are not alone in giving big. Some families that made their cash in the oil industry have also been major donors,  like the Wilks brothers of Texas, who have given Cruz’s Super PAC $15 million. The biggest oil company CEO donations to current candidates have come from the heads of Kinder Morgan and Chief Oil and Gas, at more than $1 million each to Bush’s campaign and his allied Right To Rise USA Super PAC, according to the filings to the Federal Election Commission.  Rubio, meanwhile, took some $38,000 from chief executives at Devon Energy (DVN.N), AGL (AGL.AX), and Atmos (ATO.N). Cruz received no money from energy company CEOs. Individual donations from oil company employees who were not CEOs appeared to favor Democratic hopeful Hillary Clinton, who took in more than $110,000. Cruz was next with nearly $105,000.  (Editing by Ross Colvin) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10755,Pressure grows on Hillary Clinton to release Goldman Sachs speeches,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton continued to resist calls to release her transcripts of paid speeches she gave to Goldman Sachs and other banks, saying she would hold onto them until Bernie Sanders and other rivals for the U.S. presidency released theirs. Sanders, her populist rival for the Democratic presidential nomination who has surged in polls with his furious rebukes of Wall Street and its role in the 2008 recession, said on Friday he had none to release because he does not give paid speeches to banks.  Clinton’s reluctance to reveal what she privately told banks and other organizations has become an increasingly heated issue ahead of the election this November as she fights suggestions by Sanders and others from their party’s more liberal wing that she is too cozy with the U.S. financial industry. “I am happy to release anything I have whenever everybody else does the same, because everybody in this race, including Senator Sanders, has given speeches to private groups,” she said on Thursday night in a televised ‘town hall’ event with voters in Nevada. Nevada is the third state to vote for the Democratic Party’s nominee in caucuses to be held on Saturday.  Clinton has earned more than $20 million for 92 paid speeches since leaving her job as U.S. secretary of state in 2013, according to records disclosed by her campaign, including $675,000 for three closed-door speeches to New York-based investment bank Goldman Sachs. Her husband, Bill Clinton, has earned even more since he stepped down as president in 2001. She says this income has no influence on her policies and that she would increase Wall Street regulation. Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, last gave a paid speech in 2004, according to his Senate financial disclosures, when he spoke about social activism at the California Institute of Technology in an event that was open to the public. He earned $2,000, according to his disclosures. On Friday, Sanders’ spokesman said the senator “accepts Clinton’s challenge.” “He will release all of the transcripts of all of his Wall Street speeches,” Michael Briggs said in a statement. “That’s easy. The fact is, there weren’t any.”  Briggs said he hoped this was sufficient for Clinton to release her transcripts. Clinton’s standard speaker’s contract stipulated that the speech’s host make a transcript that would then remain in Clinton’s control. Spokesmen for Clinton and Goldman Sachs did not respond to questions.  It remained unclear if Clinton’s Republican rivals would meet her demands.   (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Andrew Hay) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10756,"Republican White House hopefuls Rubio, Bush battle it out in South Carolina","CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush are locked in a bare-knuckled fight for third place in a South Carolina primary vote on Saturday, afraid that anything less could blunt their White House hopes. With front-runner Donald Trump fighting to hold off U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and win his second straight early nominating contest, Rubio and Bush are battling to become the main anti-Trump alternative from among establishment Republicans seeking the party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election. An NBC News-Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released on Friday showed Trump in the lead with support from 28 percent of likely Republican primary voters, followed by Cruz at 23 percent. Rubio led Bush narrowly, 15 percent to 13 percent. The Bush-Rubio competition is layered with home-state drama: Bush, 63, is the elder statesman of Florida politics having served as governor. Rubio, 44, is the upstart understudy, a first-term U.S. senator who served in Florida’s legislature. Rubio supporters were offended by the millions of dollars in attack ads spent by Bush’s Super PAC, Right to Rise, believing that the money would have been better spent attacking Trump rather than trying to undermine a like-minded Republican. “People are going to do whatever they think they need to do to win. But it’s notable they spent far more money attacking Marco than they have the front-runner Donald Trump,” said Rubio spokesman Alex Conant. The Bush team dismissed the complaints. “I don’t think there’s anything personal about it from Jeb’s side,” said Jim Dyke, Bush’s campaign chief in South Carolina. “Jeb for good reason feels like he’s much more qualified to be president of the United States. That’s what this is all about.” Bush has a key backer in South Carolina’s Republican U.S. senator, Lindsey Graham, but Rubio upped the ante by winning the support of popular Governor Nikki Haley. Her endorsement gave Rubio momentum at just the right time and the two have campaigned together around the state. Rubio is treading carefully around whether Bush should exit the race if he performs poorly in South Carolina, saying Bush has worked hard and “has a right to be in this race as long as he wants to be.” “I mean, he’s spent $50 million attacking me. If there are differences in policy we’ll talk about it. What I’ve said about Governor Bush is he doesn’t have any foreign policy experience, which is true. But I don’t view that as an attack. I view that as a fact,” Rubio told reporters on Wednesday. Bush has bristled at the charge, telling supporters he has visited 89 countries and seen his brother and father develop foreign policy as U.S. presidents. His team has made much of Rubio’s having missed many  hearings and votes as a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “It’s hard for me to be lectured to by a gifted young guy who thinks going to committee hearings means you know something about the world,” Bush said. Rubio forces had wanted to knock Bush out of the race in New Hampshire, the last nominating contest held on Feb. 9, but a bad Rubio debate performance and a strong campaign trail performance by Bush thwarted those hopes with Bush edging his rival for a fourth-place finish. ",1
10757,Bush hires Ohio political veteran as national adviser,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign has added an Ohio political veteran to his team as a national political adviser. A Bush aide said on Wednesday that Bob Paduchik, who was the Ohio campaign manager for the 2000 and 2004 presidential campaigns of Jeb’s brother George W. Bush, is joining the Bush campaign. Paduchik also managed Ohio Republican Senator Rob Portman’s campaign for the Senate in 2010, among other political jobs in the state. In addition, the Bush team said that Bush, fighting for a strong showing in the South Carolina Republican primary on Saturday, had secured the help of long-time Virginia Republican fundraiser Bobbie Kilberg. Kilberg had been helping the presidential campaign of Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who dropped out of the race after finishing far back in the pack in the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary.  (Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Richard Pullin) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10758,"Obama to meet Raul Castro, dissidents on historic trip to Cuba","WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet dissidents and President Raul Castro in Cuba next month, the White House said on Thursday, announcing a historic trip that will be another major step toward ending decades of animosity between former Cold War foes. In the first visit by a U.S. president to the Caribbean nation since 1928, Obama will meet entrepreneurs and people from different walks of life during the trip on March 21 and 22, but he is unlikely to see Fidel Castro, the former president and revolutionary leader, U.S. officials said. The White House hopes Obama’s trip will help accelerate change on the Communist-run island and cement progress made under his watch, but Republicans at home complained that it would give legitimacy to Cuba’s oppressive government. “Next month, I’ll travel to Cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the Cuban people,” Obama wrote on Twitter. After decades of hostility following Cuba’s 1959 revolution, the two countries agreed in 2014 to move to reopen ties, but the U.S. embargo on Cuba remains and Washington frequently criticizes Havana’s human rights record.     The opening to Cuba was a diplomatic feat that is likely to form part of Obama’s foreign policy legacy along with the nuclear deal he struck with another long-time U.S. foe, Iran. Officials decided that traveling to Cuba now rather than at the end of Obama’s term would give them more leverage to make progress on expanding Internet access and opening up business opportunities for Cubans and Americans. Obama regularly meets with civil society groups when he travels abroad, and officials said this trip would be no different. “He’ll be meeting with dissidents, with members of civil society, including those who certainly oppose the Cuban government’s policies,” Obama’s deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, told reporters.     Josefina Vidal, the director of U.S. affairs for the Cuban Foreign Ministry, said the Cuban government is willing to talk with the United States about its concerns. “Cuba is open to speak to the U.S. government about any topic, including human rights,” Vidal told reporters. She said the Cuban government wants Guantanamo Bay returned to Cuba and the embargo lifted before relations can be normalized. Cuban dissidents gave a cautious welcome to the trip. “He should take advantage of this opportunity to send a loud, clear message,” prominent opposition blogger Yoani Sanchez wrote on her website. “The material and moral poverty that surrounds us is not the responsibility of the United States.” The United States has upheld a strict economic embargo on Cuba for more than 50 years, providing the Cuban government with a strong propaganda tool against Washington. Obama’s visit is likely to spark debate in the campaign for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, particularly in the swing voting state of Florida, where many anti-Castro Cuban-Americans live. Two Republican candidates, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, are conservative sons of Cuban immigrants and foreign policy hawks.         Rubio urged Obama to reconsider his trip, citing political arrests in the past year. “You will send the message to the oppressed Cuban people that you stand with their oppressors,” he said in a letter on Thursday.         First lady Michelle Obama will accompany her husband on the trip to Cuba and also to Argentina. Obama’s Havana visit carries huge symbolic value as his administration takes steps to expand commerce with Cuba, only 90 miles (145 km) from Florida. The last sitting U.S. president to visit Cuba was Calvin Coolidge. Tourism has surged recently. Airbnb, an online home-rental site, says U.S. rentals of homes in Cuba are booming. The countries have agreed to restore airline flights, and companies ranging from tractor manufacturers to telecommunications firms are assessing the market.      Cuba and Major League Baseball are discussing holding an exhibition game between the Cuban national team and Tampa Bay Rays in Havana on March 22, raising the possibility that Obama could throw the ceremonial first pitch. Obama still seeks to pressure U.S. lawmakers to remove the decades-old embargo on Cuba but Republicans control Congress and are unlikely to act soon. A persistent congressional critic of the thaw in relations with Cuba, Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, said the trip would be a reward that the Cuban government did not deserve. “Pitiful that Obama rewards Castros with visit to Cuba while conditions for the Cuban people are getting worse,” said      Ros-Lehtinen, a Cuban-American Republican from south Florida. Rhodes said he expected Cuban officials would bring up the status of the U.S. military base at Guantanamo Bay during the trip, but the administration opposes returning the area to the Communist government.  The White House did not provide details about which groups Obama would seek to meet, and said the United States would like to see more freedom of assembly and speech in Cuba. Cuba says it has no political prisoners but the Cuban Commission of Human Rights and National Reconciliation, a dissident group, counts about 80 political prisoners in detention.  Fifty-three were released around the time of the 2014 agreement to normalize relations with the United States, but others were arrested last year, the group said. ",1
10759,Supreme Court denies stay request in North Carolina redistricting case,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday refused to stay a ruling that two North Carolina congressional districts be redrawn over racial gerrymandering in a 2011 redistricting, forcing congressional primaries to be rescheduled for June 7. A lower court panel of federal judges this month barred elections in the majority black districts, the 1st and the 12th, until new maps are approved, calling the current maps unconstitutional.  The Supreme Court gave no explanation for its decision in a one-sentence order issued late on Friday night. The ruling said race had been the main factor when the Republican-controlled legislature redrew the boundaries and state lawmakers were not justified in using that benchmark. Three voters filed suit in 2013 to invalidate the districts. Both are represented by Democrats, with G.K. Butterfield in the 1st, and Alma Adams in the 12th. The primaries for the state’s 13 U.S. House seats will be held on June 7 rather than March 15 after North Carolina lawmakers agreed to move the date on Thursday if the Supreme Court rejected the stay request. The state’s presidential and gubernatorial primaries will still be held on March 15.   Broadcaster WRAL reported that while state lawmakers hoped for a stay, legislators in the state’s House on Friday moved ahead and gave final approval to newly-drafted congressional maps ahead of the Court’s decision to reject the stay request. Politico reported that Justice Antonin Scalia had been expected to vote in favor of staying the ruling before his death last Saturday, though it was not immediately clear how his death affected the court’s decision. ",1
10760,Obama digs into research on potential Supreme Court picks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will review briefing documents from his staff this weekend on potential Supreme Court nominees, the White House said on Friday, as a tough political fight loomed with Senate Republicans over filling the pivotal vacancy. The White House arranged for photographers to snap pictures of Obama carrying a thick binder filled with papers during his walk from the Oval Office to his residence on Friday night as he ponders who to pick to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13. Earlier in the day, the president and first lady Michelle Obama paid respects to Scalia as the late justice’s body lay in repose in the Supreme Court’s Great Hall. “The president’s team, over the course of this week, has spent a lot of time preparing materials for the president’s review, and I would expect, over the weekend, that the president will begin to dig into the materials that have been prepared for him,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. Earnest gave no clues about who Obama might pick but said the lengthy briefing materials included information about “some potential nominees” including career accomplishments and experience. The court’s ideological balance of power is at stake, and Obama’s nominee could tip it to the left for the first time in decades. Scalia’s death left the court with four conservative and four liberal justices. Obama phoned Senate leaders, including Republicans who have threatened to block any nominee made by the Democratic president to replace Scalia. Obama made it clear in his calls with two key Senate Republicans, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, that he will nominate someone for the job, Earnest told reporters. McConnell has said the seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office next January so voters can have a say in the selection when they choose a new president in the Nov. 8 election. Obama also spoke with Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid and Senator Patrick Leahy, the Judiciary Committee’s top Democrat, Earnest said. Reid said on Thursday after speaking with Obama that he expected the president to name his pick in “a little over three weeks.” Earnest declined to discuss a timetable for Obama’s decision, and said the president’s staff had not yet provided a “short list” of candidates. ",1
10761,Pope's comments on Trump not a personal attack: papal spokesman,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis’s suggestion that Donald Trump was “not Christian” because of his views on immigration was not a personal attack on the U.S. Republican presidential candidate, Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said on Friday. Lombardi told Vatican Radio that the pope’s comments, made to reporters during a flight back from Mexico in response to a specific question on Trump, were simply an affirmation of his long-standing belief that migrants should be helped rather than shut off behind walls. “In no way was this a personal attack, nor an indication of how to vote,” Lombardi said. Trump, the longtime Republican party front-runner in opinion polls, dismissed the pope as “disgraceful” for questioning his faith. He has said that if elected president in November, he would build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border to keep out immigrants who enter illegally. Lombardi said the pope believed people “should build bridges, not walls”. He added: “This is his general view, which is very consistent with courageously following the indications of the gospel on offering welcome and solidarity.” ",1
10762,U.S. proposes hike in Medicare Advantage payments; insurer shares rise,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Friday proposed raising payments by 1.35 percent on average next year to the health insurers who offer Medicare Advantage health benefits to elderly and disabled Americans. Payments to insurers will vary under the 2017 Medicare Advantage proposal, based on the region the plans are sold and on the size of bonus payments insurers can receive based on quality ratings, the government said. Shares of health insurers rose in after-hours trade. Analysts said the proposal looked positive for insurers at first glance, but cautioned that they needed to parse it fully. “Looks like the best case scenario has played itself out,”  said Ipsita Smolinski of Capitol Street, a Washington D.C. research firm, who had anticipated about 1 percent increase in payments. Insurers and lawmakers have pressured the government not to cut payments, saying any decrease would hurt older Americans by forcing insurers to cut benefits.  Insurer lobbyist America’s Health Insurance Plans President Marilyn Tavenner said it was important that the final policy ensure the long-term stability of Medicare Advantage. She said in a statement that the group was looking closely at the proposal. About 17 million Americans have healthcare coverage through Medicare Advantage, offered by insurers including UnitedHealth Group Inc, Aetna Inc, and Anthem Inc among others. Another more than 30 million people receive benefits through the government Medicare fee-for-service program. Shares of Anthem Inc rose 1.4 percent in after-hours trading, while UnitedHealth Group gained 1.6 percent.  Some insurers may benefit more than others from the proposal to pay more to insurers who are managing plans for people who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid for the poor, said Kim Monk, managing director of Capital Alpha Partners. The 1.35 percent increase is based mostly on anticipated medical cost increases next year. The government expects a 3 percent payment growth rate, which is in line with estimates the government provided to insurers in December.  That 3 percent increase is then reduced to 1.35 percent due to lower payments to insurers for sicker-than-average customers and some medical coding changes, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Medicare agency said on Friday.  The 1.35 percent also takes into account an increase in how it pays insurers based on quality measures, called star ratings, it said. The final rate for 2017 Medicare Advantage payments is based on this proposed figure and will be released in April. ",1
10763,"White House, House Republicans spar over Zika, Ebola funding","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday that it would be “profoundly unwise” to plow money set aside for Ebola-related projects into research and mitigation efforts for the mosquito-borne Zika virus as several top Republican lawmakers have requested. Democratic President Barack Obama has asked the U.S. Congress for more than $1.8 billion to fight Zika in the United States and abroad, and pursue a vaccine. But three key Republican lawmakers in the House of Representatives have said they think the government should instead draw from $2.7 billion that has not yet used for public health projects overseas. The Zika virus has been linked to birth defects in Brazil and spread to at least 31 other countries and territories, mostly in the Americas. Representative Hal Rogers, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, and Representatives Kay Granger and Tom Cole, who are appropriators for Health and Human Services and the State Department, made their request in a letter to the White House on Thursday. “If the aim of the request is to mount as rapid a response as possible, it is clear to us that the most expeditious way to identify the needed funding is to maximize the use of unobligated funds previously provided for Ebola,” the lawmakers said. Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, a member of the Republican Senate leadership team, said earlier this month that Obama should repurpose Ebola funds for the new Zika fight. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the unspent Ebola money was needed to “build up the public health infrastructure of countries overseas” to help prevent future epidemics. West Africa was stricken by a two-year Ebola epidemic that killed more than 11,300 people starting in December 2013 and led to cases in the United States.  “It’s critically important that we follow through on those efforts and it would be profoundly unwise to take money away from the ongoing effort that’s need to fight Ebola,” Earnest said. Earnest said that the White House would soon put forward a formal Zika funding request for lawmakers. It will include a plan to redirect some Ebola funds to the Zika fight, but Earnest said new funding was also require. Much remains unknown about Zika, including whether the virus actually causes microcephaly, a condition marked by unusually small heads that can result in developmental problems. Brazil said it has confirmed more than 500 cases of microcephaly, and considers most of them to be related to Zika infections in the mothers. Brazil is investigating more than 3,900 additional suspected cases of microcephaly. ",1
10764,Shift in U.S. sanctions could ground Russian rocket engines: general,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force would ground the Russian-built RD-180 engines that power its Atlas 5 rockets if a U.S. government review determines that several sanctioned Russian individuals have too close a relationship with the engine maker, a top U.S. general said on Friday. Lieutenant General Samuel Greaves, who heads the Air Force’s Space and Missile Systems Center, said the Pentagon was reviewing responses about the sanctions issue and related matters in time to meet a Feb. 22 deadline set by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain. McCain last week asked the Air Force and Pentagon to explain why the U.S. government is continuing to use engines built by Russia’s NPO Energomash given sanctions in place against Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and other sanctioned individuals, who control the company after a big reorganization. Congress banned use of the Russian RD-180 rocket engines for military use after 2019, following Russia’s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014.  But U.S. lawmakers eased the ban late last year, worried that it could drive United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co, out of business and leave only privately-held SpaceX, to lift satellites into space. Greaves said the Air Force would abide by U.S. law. “These folks are on the sanctions list, and if the Department of the Treasury comes back and says there’s a problem with that relationship, then we have to work with the Congress and others to determine a way ahead,” he said. Asked to elaborate about possible consequences, he said, “If we’re not supposed to be flying the RD-180s, they’re grounded.” The Treasury Department declined comment. A spokeswoman for United Launch Alliance also had no immediate comment. The U.S. Court of Federal Claims had ruled on the issue in response to a lawsuit filed in April 2014 by SpaceX, concluding that the purchases were not in violation of U.S. sanctions. At the time, senior U.S. officials said that control of Energomash by Rogozin could  provide a basis for formally blocking the property and interests of the company. McCain argues the situation has changed due to a new Russian law that took effect in January, which consolidated the Russian space industry under a single state corporation, Roscosmos. Roscosmos is due to merge with the state-owned parent company of Energomash, making Energomash a direct subsidiary, he said. ",1
10765,Texas official to retire after criticizing Planned Parenthood cuts,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A senior Texas health official who co-authored a report that criticized the state’s funding cuts to Planned Parenthood for reducing access to reproductive healthcare will retire from his post next month, a Texas commission said on Friday. Rick Allgeyer, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission’s director of research, faced criticism from the state’s Republican leaders over the report published in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine this month. The report said state funding cuts to Planned Parenthood and its affiliates had an adverse effect on family planning for lower-income people. Allgeyer is eligible to retire and decided to do so effective on March 31, the commission said. Allgeyer, who has been at the commission for 16 years and was one of the study’s five listed authors, declined to comment. In 2011, the Texas state legislature cut Planned Parenthood out of one family-planning program and revamped the way another program hands out funds, placing it and other private clinics at the bottom of the list. Top Texas political leaders have said after cutting off funding for Planned Parenthood that the state has been able to rebuild its safety net.  Independent health experts dispute the claim, saying Texas still has a long way to go before it can provide the level of service it did when Planned Parenthood was an integral part of its family planning efforts. The Texas plan has garnered attention among Republicans in the U.S. Congress who are looking to defund the nation’s largest family-planning provider at the national level.    The study said the cuts appeared to lead to an increase of unintended pregnancies among lower-income residents and a decrease in access to long-acting reversible contraception. It also said the cuts appeared to increase the rate of childbirths covered by Medicaid. Some Texas Republicans said it was inappropriate for a state employee to be involved in such a study and that its results were flawed, putting political pressure on Allgeyer.           ",1
10766,Obama signs North Korea sanctions bill into law: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Thursday signed into law legislation broadening sanctions to punish North Korea for its nuclear program, human rights record and cyber crimes, the White House said. ",1
10767,Most Americans want Obama to nominate Scalia's replacement: Reuters/Ipsos,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of Americans believe it should be up to President Barack Obama to nominate the next U.S. Supreme Court justice, a Reuters/Ipsos poll found on Thursday, with opinion divided along ideological party lines. The death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia last week sparked an intense debate between Republicans and Democrats over whether Obama, a Democrat, should nominate Scalia’s replacement before he leaves office, or whether the seat should be left open until a new president takes office in January. Concerned that any appointee Obama selects would tip the nine-justice court in liberals’ favor, Republicans in the U.S. Congress and on the presidential campaign trail have said the replacement should be chosen by the next president. The White House has said Obama intends to do as the U.S. Constitution requires and “move promptly” to nominate a successor. The nominee must be confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The poll showed that 54 percent of Americans believed Obama should make the nomination. The support overwhelmingly came from Democrats, with 81 percent of them saying they supported Obama nominating Scalia’s successor. Among Republicans, only 27 percent said they either strongly or somewhat supported Obama making the pick. Democrats and Republican also had different priorities when it comes to picking a Supreme Court nominee, according to the poll. A majority, or 67 percent, of Democrats said they wanted someone pragmatic and willing to compromise, with 53 percent of Republicans saying they wanted someone ideologically pure. Despite its polarizing effect, the Supreme Court issue does not appear to be a priority issue for voters surveyed. More Americans think the executive and legislative branches of government wield greater influence than the judiciary, the poll showed, and fewer than 10 percent thought nominating justices to the high court was a presidential duty most relevant to them. A third of those surveyed said they were not aware of Scalia’s death, which first made headlines on Saturday. The poll of 1,108 adults, including 460 Democrats and 426 Republicans, was conducted Tuesday to Thursday. It had a credibility interval of about 5 percentage points. ",1
10768,Biden says Obama won't be able to pick the 'most liberal jurist',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama cannot select the most liberal possible candidate for the U.S. Supreme Court and should seek a “consensus” pick who could attract Republican support, Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday. A fierce political fight is brewing as the Democratic president prepares to name a successor to conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Saturday. Obama’s nominee could change the court’s balance of power. Scalia’s death left it with four conservative and four liberal justices. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid told MSNBC in an interview that he spoke with Obama on Thursday about the nomination and expected the president to name his choice in “a little over three weeks.”  Many Republicans, led by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have said the seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office next January so voters can have a say in the selection when they choose a new president in the Nov. 8 election.     “The Senate gets to have a say,” Biden, a former senator, told Minnesota Public Radio in an interview broadcast on Thursday. “In order to get this done, the president is not going to be able to go out, nor would it be his instinct anyway, to pick the most liberal jurist in the nation and put them on the court.” The Senate, whose Republican majority would be unlikely to embrace any selection seen as particularly liberal, must confirm nominees picked for lifetime appointments to the nation’s highest court.  “There are plenty of judges who are on high courts already who have had unanimous support of the Republicans. This should be someone who, in fact, is a consensus and whereby we can generate enough support to get a person passed,” Biden said. In a separate interview broadcast on MSNBC, Biden said he would be deeply involved in advising Obama but that he had no desire himself to be named to the high court. Biden told MSNBC the president had sought his advice but they had yet to discuss potential candidates. White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters Obama would draw on Biden’s perspective, noting the vice president had served as Senate Judiciary Committee chairman and presided over confirmation hearings for past Supreme Court nominees. Those included the contentious 1991 hearings for Justice Clarence Thomas.  Separately, retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, the first woman to serve on the court and a nominee of Republican President Ronald Reagan, took issue with Republicans who are demanding that Obama’s successor pick the person to fill Scalia’s vacancy. “I don’t agree,” O’Connor, 85, told an Arizona television station. “We need somebody in there to do the job - and just get on with it.”  Some Republican senators have urged their leaders at least to allow the customary Judiciary Committee confirmation hearings to proceed on any Obama nominee. “I do believe that the nominee should get a hearing,” Senator Lisa Murkowski told reporters in her home state of Alaska on Wednesday.  She added: “That doesn’t necessarily mean that ends up in a vote” by the Senate to confirm the nominee. Senators Dean Heller of Nevada and Thom Tillis of North Carolina this week also indicated support for allowing the Senate to consider Obama’s nominee. Obama will not attend Scalia’s funeral on Saturday, a decision that provoked criticism from some conservatives. Earnest rebuked critics who he said “want to use the funeral of the Supreme Court justice as some sort of political cudgel.” Earnest noted Obama would pay his respects by going to the Supreme Court building on Friday when Scalia’s body will be lying in repose, and Biden would represent the Obama administration at the funeral. Obama’s presence at public events requires a massive retinue of Secret Service agents and security measures, while Biden’s “security footprint” is a little bit lighter, Earnest said, noting the White House had sought a “respectful arrangement.”  A CBS News poll and a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll showed Americans closely split along partisan lines on whether Obama should name Scalia’s successor. ",1
10769,Apple likely to invoke free-speech rights in encryption fight,"NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) will likely seek to invoke the United States’ protections of free speech as one of its key legal arguments in trying to block an order to help unlock the encrypted iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters, lawyers with expertise in the subject said this week. The company on Thursday was granted three additional days by the court to file a response to the order. Apple will now have until Feb. 26 to send a reply, a person familiar with matter told Reuters. The tech giant and the Obama administration are on track for a major collision over computer security and encryption after a federal magistrate judge in Los Angeles handed down an order on Tuesday requiring Apple to provide specific software and technical assistance to investigators. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook called the request from the Federal Bureau of Investigation unprecedented. Other tech giants such as Facebook Inc (FB.O), Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) and Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google have rallied to support Apple. Apple has retained two prominent, free-speech lawyers to do battle with the government, according to court papers: Theodore Olson, who won the political-speech case Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission in 2010, and Theodore Boutrous, who frequently represents media organizations. Government lawyers from the U.S. Justice Department have defended their request in court papers by citing various authorities, such as a 1977 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that upheld an order compelling a telephone company to provide assistance with setting up a device to record telephone numbers. The high court said then that the All Writs Act, a law from 1789, authorized the order, and the scope of that ruling is expected to be a main target of Apple when it files a response in court by early next week. But Apple will likely also broaden its challenge to include the First Amendment’s guarantee of speech rights, according to lawyers who are not involved in the dispute but who are following it.  Compared with other countries, the United States has a strong guarantee of speech rights even for corporations, and at least one court has ruled that computer code is a form of speech, although that ruling was later voided. Apple could argue that being required to create and provide specific computer code amounts to unlawful compelled speech, said Riana Pfefferkorn, a cryptography fellow at Stanford University’s Center for Internet and Society. The order against Apple is novel because it compels the company to create a new forensic tool to use, not just turn over information in Apple’s possession, Pfefferkorn said. “I think there is a significant First Amendment concern,” she said. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Los Angeles declined to comment on the possible free-speech questions on Thursday.      A speech-rights argument from Apple, though, could be met with skepticism by the courts because computer code has become ubiquitous and underpins much of the U.S. economy.  “That is an argument of enormous breadth,” said Stuart Benjamin, a Duke University law professor who writes about the First Amendment. He said Apple would need to show that the computer code conveyed a “substantive message.” In a case brought by a mathematician against U.S. export controls, a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers California, found in 1999 that the source code behind encryption software is protected speech. The opinion was later withdrawn so the full court could rehear the case, but that rehearing was canceled and the appeal declared moot after the government revised its export controls. The FBI and prosecutors are seeking Apple’s assistance to read the data on an iPhone 5C that had been used by Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife, Tashfeen Malik, carried out the San Bernardino shootings that killed 14 people and wounded 22 others at a holiday party. U.S. prosecutors were smart to pick the mass shooting as a test case for an encryption fight with tech companies, said Michael Froomkin, a University of Miami law professor. That is because the shooting had a large emotional impact while also demonstrating the danger posed by armed militants, he said. In addition, the iPhone in dispute was owned not by Farook but by his employer, a local government, which has consented to the search of the iPhone. The federal magistrate who issued the order, Sheri Pym, is also a former federal prosecutor. “This is one of the worst set of facts possible for Apple. That’s why the government picked this case,” Froomkin said.  Froomkin added, though, that the fight was enormously important for the company because of the possibility that a new forensic tool could be easily used on other phones and the damage that could be done to Apple’s global brand if it cannot withstand government demands on privacy. “All these demands make their phones less attractive to users,” he said. ",1
10770,Pope says Trump 'not Christian' in a sign of global concern,"NEWBERRY, S.C. (Reuters) - Pope Francis forcefully injected himself into the U.S. presidential campaign on Thursday, assailing Republican candidate Donald Trump’s views on U.S. immigration as “not Christian” in a sign of growing international concern at the billionaire businessman’s election prospects. Trump struck back. No stranger to controversy, the longtime party front-runner in national opinion polls dismissed the leader of the world’s Roman Catholics as “disgraceful” for questioning his faith. He said he was a proud Christian. Francis told reporters during a free-wheeling conversation on his flight home from a visit to Mexico: “A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.” Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug-runners across the United States’ southern border and has vowed if elected president to build a wall to keep out immigrants who enter illegally. It was not the first time U.S. allies have voiced concern over comments by Trump.  More than half a million Britons signed a petition to bar him from entering Britain, where he has business interests, in response to his call to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States. British lawmakers decided against a ban as a violation of free speech. Asked if American Catholics should vote for someone with Trump’s views, Francis said: “I am not going to get involved in that. I say only that this man is not Christian if he has said things like that. We must see if he said things in that way and in this I give the benefit of the doubt.”  It remained to be seen if the pope’s comments would strengthen Trump in the run-up to the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. Trump’s swipes at rival candidates and heated exchanges with others have bolstered his standing in nominating contests and opinion polls. One of Trump’s Republican rivals, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, speaking in Columbia, South Carolina, said he would not question anyone’s relationship with God. But Bush, a Catholic, said: “It only enables bad behavior when someone from outside our country talks about Donald Trump.” Trump, a real estate developer and former reality TV show host, said: “If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS, which as everyone knows is ISIS’ ultimate trophy, I can promise you that the pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president.” ISIS is one of the acronyms used for Islamic State.  Trump was in South Carolina, which on Saturday will hold a Republican nominating contest. At a later town hall meeting televised on CNN, Trump said he had “a lot of respect” for Francis but that the pope had been influenced by hearing only Mexico’s side of the border issue. The pope’s statement also had been exaggerated by the media, he said. “I think he said something much softer than it was originally reported by the media. I think that he heard one side of the story, which is probably by the Mexican government,” he said. “He didn’t see the tremendous strain that the border is causing us with respect to illegal immigration, with the drugs pouring across the border.” Thomas Groome, director of the Boston College Center on the Church in the 21st Century, said Francis’ comments were entirely in keeping with his focus on mercy. “The pope is commissioned to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. That’s his job,” Groome said. “So when he was asked a direct question, he gave Trump the benefit of the doubt, he said we have to be sure he said this, but if he said this, it is not Christian.” Groome called Trump’s suggestion that Islamic State militants would target the Vatican egregious. “Now it becomes a challenge to ISIS,” he said. Patrick Hornbeck, chairman of the department of theology at Fordham University in New York, said Francis’ words were not surprising given the poverty he had just seen in Mexico. “There is very little common ground between Pope Francis and Donald Trump,” Hornbeck said. He predicted the pope’s words on electoral politics would have little effect on any U.S. Catholics who liked Trump as a candidate. Trump has said he would deport millions of illegal immigrants if he wins the White House. Last week, responding to the pope’s plan to visit the U.S.-Mexican border, he said Pope Francis did not understand the issues. “The pope is a very political person ... I don’t think he understands the danger of the open border that we have with Mexico,” Trump told the Fox Business Network. Asked about being called a “political person,” Francis said on Thursday: “Thank God he said I was a politician because Aristotle defined the human person as ‘animal politicus.’ So at least I am a human person.” Republican Catholics appear to support Trump more than other Republicans do, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll that showed 43 percent of likely Republican Catholic voters supported Trump, compared with 38 percent of Republican voters generally. The Pew Research Center has said 71 percent of the U.S. population identifies as Christian. That includes the 21 percent of the U.S. population that identifies as Catholic.  The pope was winning the social media battle on Thursday, with overall sentiment negative for Trump and positive for Francis, according to social media analytic firm Zoomph. Author Dan Dicker @Dan_Dicker tweeted: “Let’s see @realDonaldTrump insult his way out of this.” Trump’s social media director, Dan Scavino @DanScavino tweeted: “Amazing comments from the Pope - considering Vatican City is 100 percent surrounded by massive walls.” Evangelical Christian leader Jerry Falwell Jr., who has endorsed Trump, described him as generous to his employees and family, adding: “I’m convinced he’s a Christian. I believe he has faith in Jesus Christ.” Trump was not always at odds with the pope. In 2013, the year Francis began his papacy, Trump compared himself to the pope favorably. “The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!” Trump tweeted on Christmas Day 2013.  (Reporting by Emily Flitter and Steve Holland in South Carolina and Philip Pullella aboard the papal plane; Additional reporting by Anjali Athavaley, Susan Heavey, Chris Kahn, Scott Malone, Emily Stephenson, Amy Tennery, Mohammad Zargham and John Whitesides; Writing by Howard Goller and John Whitesides; Editing by Toni Reinhold and Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10771,"Facebook, Twitter support Apple on encryption dispute with FBI","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), two of Silicon Valley’s most powerful companies, on Thursday backed Apple Inc’s (AAPL.O) refusal to help the FBI break into an iPhone used by a shooter in the San Bernardino attack, saying that complying would set a dangerous precedent for privacy. It took two days, but the companies’ entry solidifies a small but powerful band of tech giants supporting Apple in its quest to buck government demands that it says would irreparably damage security and erode consumer trust.  Among the first to come to Apple’s defense was its chief rival. Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai of Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google tweeted in support of Apple on Wednesday. But other companies are staying mum. Yahoo Inc YHOO.O and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) have yet to weigh in on the case. In characteristic fashion, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey used the service itself to lend support to Apple CEO Tim Cook, tweeting ""We stand with @tim_cook and Apple (and thank him for his leadership)."" (bit.ly/1RbfI5j) In a statement, Facebook said, “We will continue to fight aggressively against requirements for companies to weaken the security of their systems.” The case has intensified the rift between tech companies and law enforcement over the limits of encryption. And law enforcement groups have been vocal about their support for the Justice Department. Although some firms have remained silent, the industry is firmly on Apple’s side, said Aaron Levie, CEO of cloud-based storage provider Box Inc (BOX.N).  “Companies choose to use their political capital when it is really important or relevant to them,” Levie said. “If individually pressed you would see the same message from essentially any Internet or hardware or enterprise software CEO or company, and that’s because the fundamental security model of our technology would break if you were to comply with this kind of order.” Levie said he unequivocally supports Cook’s stance. “The whole grounds on which Apple is standing on are just super important,” he said.  At the center of the case is an iPhone used by Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife, Tashfeen Malik, killed 14 people and wounded 22 in a shooting rampage in San Bernardino, California. The young married couple sympathized with Islamic State militants, and government investigators want the data on the phone to learn more about their activities the day of the shooting and their contacts with either accomplices or Islamic State. Apple’s Cook had said the court’s demand threatened the security of Apple’s customers and had “implications far beyond the legal case at hand.” ",1
10772,Key U.S. lawmaker suggests openness to encryption legislation after Apple order,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. lawmaker expressed a new willingness to support legislation establishing ground rules for when technology firms should grant authorities access to their products, after Apple Inc (AAPL.O) said it would fight a court order to unlock an iPhone linked to the San Bernardino shooting rampage.  Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives’ Intelligence Committee, said in a statement on Wednesday that the “complex issues” raised by the Apple case, as well as the prevalence of strongly encrypted devices and communications, “will ultimately need to be resolved by Congress, the administration and industry, rather than the courts alone.” Two weeks ago, Schiff told reporters he considered a legislative approach to the issue neither “feasible or even desirable.” On Tuesday, a federal judge in Los Angeles said that Apple must provide “reasonable technical assistance” to investigators seeking to unlock the data on an iPhone that had been used by San Bernardino shooter Rizwan Farook, who, with his wife, killed 14 people on Dec. 2.  Apple said it would fight the court order, which it said would set a dangerous precedent that could ultimately undermine the security of its iPhones.   While lawmakers are far from a consensus on the issue, Schiff said, “the court’s decision will likely accelerate our consideration of how to weigh the competing privacy, security and competitiveness issues.” Schiff’s pivot could signal renewed interest from lawmakers in an encryption debate that so far has found little traction in Congress. The House Judiciary Committee is planning to hold a hearing on encryption on March 1 and has invited Apple to attend, according to a congressional source. Senators Richard Burr and Dianne Feinstein, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate intelligence panel respectively, have said they want to pursue encryption legislation, though neither has introduced a bill yet. The Wall Street Journal, citing anonymous sources, reported on Thursday that Burr was working on a proposal that would levy “criminal penalties” on companies that did not comply with court orders to decrypt communications, though it said negotiations were still fluid.  However, Burr’s spokeswoman Becca Watkins told Reuters he  “is not considering criminal penalties in his draft encryption proposals.” Momentum for a law that would require companies to provide government access to the contents of encrypted devices relevant to a criminal investigation faltered last summer when the White House stopped pushing for a bill amid intense opposition from technology companies and privacy advocates.  It is difficult to gauge the Apple case’s impact on Congress, as both the Senate and House of Representatives are on recess this week.  But congressional aides say any encryption legislation likely still faces a steep climb. That is especially true in the House, which in 2014 passed an amendment to a defense funding bill that would have barred the government from forcing an organization to build a technical “backdoor” into its products. The measure was later removed during negotiations. Federal officials have privately dismissed a theory that  the Apple case was choreographed to stir up support for encryption legislation.  But Cindy Cohn, executive director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, said she believed the U.S. Justice Department is pursuing the case in California with one eye on Congress.  “It’s a win-win for them,” she said. “If they prevail in court, they don’t need a law. And if they lose, they have it set up to go to lawmakers and say: This is what we need, the courts didn’t give it to us, so we need a new law.”  ",1
10773,Obama will move 'promptly' to pick Supreme Court justice: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will “move promptly” in picking his Supreme Court nomination and has begun to work with senior members of his team on who should replace late Justice Antonin Scalia, the White House said on Thursday. In a daily press briefing, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters Obama will consult with a wide variety of people with different viewpoints in making his decision. “The President certainly wants to move promptly so that the United States Senate can do the same,” Earnest said. The U.S. Senate must approve any Supreme Court nominee. ",1
10774,Obama to name Scalia replacement in just over three weeks: Senator Reid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said on Thursday he believes President Barack Obama will nominate a replacement for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in a little over three weeks. “I think it will be a little over three weeks,” Reid said in an interview on MSNBC, adding that he spoke to Obama about the nomination on Thursday.  ",1
10775,Will Tim Cook's privacy stance win or lose customers for Apple? ,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) Chief Executive Tim Cook’s refusal to comply with the U.S. government’s request to unlock an iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, California attackers drew strong reaction from critics and supporters this week, but is unclear how the decision will affect potential buyers of the company’s products. In an open letter to customers, Cook vowed to fight a court order from a Los Angeles judge to provide “reasonable technical assistance” to investigators wanting access to the phone of Rizwan Farook, a shooter in the San Bernardino attack that killed 14. Cook said complying with the government’s request would set a dangerous precedent that could ultimately undermine the security of its iPhones. Users supporting and opposing Apple’s position flooded Twitter with rival hashtags #thankyouapple and #boycottapple and Facebook users wrote lengthy posts on the move. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted his support for Cook on Thursday, joining groups like Amnesty International in applauding Cook’s stance. Conservative pundit Ann Coulter was among Cook’s many critics, suggesting in a social media post that Apple made the move “for PR” purposes.  Branding expert Allen Adamson, founder of Brand Simple Consulting, praised Cook’s forthright note to customers.  “Corporate leaders are better off having a very clear, principled view that customers can either agree or disagree with rather than having ambiguity and lack of clarity as to what the company stands for,” said Adamson, whose New York-based firm advises companies on volatile branding matters. Adamson and other branding experts said Cook’s open letter was important in getting ahead of the debate, even if its users do not necessarily support the company’s decision. Apple has come under fire from Republican lawmakers and presidential candidates like Donald Trump, but the company has also rallied support among privacy advocates.  “This is a lightning rod issue in the country right now and it is hugely emotional and polarizing. It is still unclear how it will connect with consumers,” said Adamson. Other analysts also pointed to Apple’s brand power as a likely shield against any immediate backlash from consumers. A recent survey of 44,000 consumers by branding consulting firm Brand Keys Inc found the company leading other major tech brands in virtually all categories from devices to services on customer engagement and loyalty.  “They have an extraordinary high level of emotional engagement with consumers,” said Brand Keys president Robert Passikoff. A steady stream of customers visited the Apple store in downtown San Francisco on Thursday, and shoppers seemed unfazed by the controversy. “I buy from Apple because of the product quality. This doesn’t affect our decision to buy from them,” said Esther Stearns, a retired tech worker. ",1
10776,Biden says Trump could win Republican race: MSNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday that he thinks Donald Trump could win the Republican presidential nominating race and should be taken seriously in the Nov. 8 presidential election because he appeals to voters’ fears. “I think it is very possible he could be nominated and depending on how this all plays out, I would take him seriously in terms of being able to win because he’s appealing to fear,” Biden said in an interview with MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow.  (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Eric Walsh) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10777,Biden says 'no desire' to be on Supreme Court: MSNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday that he will be “deeply involved” in advising President Barack Obama on picking a candidate for the Supreme Court but said he had “no desire” himself to be named to the nation’s highest court. Obama is preparing to name a successor to conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Saturday. The appointment could change the court’s balance of power, and many Republican senators want to wait until after the Nov. 8 presidential election to give their consent to a new justice. Biden, who was a long-time chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in an interview that Obama has asked for his advice on who to choose, and believes the president will choose a “consensus candidate.” “I haven’t even had a chance to sit down with him yet to talk about the potential candidates,” Biden told MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow. “When we do, as in the past, lay out all the people, go out and survey a little bit, and see who we think meets those criteria and we think could have a chance of being confirmed,” he said. Asked directly whether he would do the job, Biden said he was not interested. “You never say to a president for certain you wouldn’t do anything, but I have no - look at me now - I have no desire to sit on the Supreme Court, none,” Biden said. Biden is known for having a good working relationship with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has said the seat should remain vacant until after the election.  Biden said he would be an “interlocutor” with his friends on Capitol Hill on the issue, but said he did not know whether he could persuade enough senators to support Obama’s choice. “I will be deeply involved,” he said. ",1
10778,"Sanders, Trump give union hope in fight for Carrier jobs","INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Duane Oreskowic was speechless when he learned last week that his job would be one of 1,400 lost when his employer, Carrier Corp, moved production to Mexico. But he has found his voice again since learning that Bernie Sanders is interested in his plight. “I am a big-time Sanders fan and I hope he can help us,” said the 37-year-old assembly specialist. “But even if he can’t, maybe we can stop this happening to other American workers.” The Feb. 9 announcement by United Technologies Corp’s Carrier unit that it would shift production to Mexico from Indianapolis has thrust the long-term trend of U.S. manufacturing job decline to the foreground of the nation’s election year agenda.  Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump seized on the announcement to amplify his position that companies such as Carrier should be taxed if they send jobs to low wage countries. Democratic candidate Sanders called Carrier, a maker of air conditioners, an “example of how NAFTA and other trade policies have been a disaster for American workers.” The 2016 U.S. presidential election is in November. Communities around Indianapolis have witnessed a steady outflow of factory jobs over the past two decades. What made this action different was a YouTube video of the workers getting the news that by Thursday afternoon had more than 3.4 million views, and the political reaction to it.           “I came here 30 years ago looking for the American dream,” said Hatice Lancaster, 51, originally from Turkey. “Maybe I should have gone to Mexico instead.”  Chuck Jones, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999, which represents the Carrier workers, said he hopes to use the attention to force Carrier to reverse its decision.  Jones faces a steep climb. Carrier has told the union it can pay Mexican workers $3 an hour versus more than $20 on average in Indianapolis. A spokeswoman for Carrier said the company pays a “competitive wage” based on local conditions and could not discuss pay levels. Since 1998, the chain-smoking, plain-spoken and profane Jones has watched the number of factories represented by his local dwindle to 12 from 38. He and his staff can rattle off the names of plants that have closed.  “We didn’t ask for this fight,” Jones said. “But we have to draw a line in the sand somewhere.” Jones is now giving interviews to anyone who asks - he was interrupted by multiple phone calls seeking comment while talking to Reuters  - in the hope “this time America will pay attention and do something about rampant corporate greed.”  Jones is grateful that Trump has drawn public attention to Carrier, but he sees Sanders “as a champion for our cause.” Jones said he has been contacted by the Sanders campaign. A member of the Sanders campaign said the Vermont senator’s team would be in touch with Jones. Some Carrier workers interviewed outside the plant said they are drawn to Trump. Brian Easton, 45, said he and his wife work for Carrier, and are now coming to terms with what he said is likely to be a permanent drop in their living standard.  “This country is run by Corporate America and we need someone in office like Donald Trump who is not beholden to anyone,” Easton said. “I don’t think he can save our jobs, but if we draw attention to this perhaps other workers won’t have to go through this.”     ",1
10779,Prominent South Carolina congressman to endorse Hillary Clinton: NBC News,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative Jim Clyburn of South Carolina, the No. 3 Democrat in the House and a prominent African-American leader, will endorse Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Friday, NBC News reported on Thursday. The endorsement comes ahead of the Feb. 27 Democratic primary in South Carolina, where more than half of the voters are expected to be African-Americans.  (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10780,Dissidents hope for public recognition from Obama on Cuba visit,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Ostracized by the government and mistrusted by much of the public, Cuba’s dissidents are hoping to receive a clear message of support from U.S. President Barack Obama when he visits the  island next month. Obama plans to meet dissidents during his March 21-22 visit, the first by a sitting U.S. president since 1928. It follows the rapprochement of December 2014, when Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro ended more than five decades of Cold War-era animosity. Cuba’s Communist government has long considered the dissidents a tiny and illegitimate minority funded by U.S. interests, while anti-Castro groups hold them up as champions of democracy.  Political opponents say a public blessing from Obama might improve their standing and the cause of human rights in Cuba. “It’s possible the visit will help raise the hopes of the Cuban people, which is important because Cuba is short on many things, most of all hope,” said Elizardo Sanchez, leader of the Cuban Commission of Human Rights and National Reconciliation, which monitors arrests of political opponents. Sanchez said Cuba is holding about 90 political prisoners, including some convicted hijackers and spies and 11 former prisoners out on parole. Cuba says it has no political prisoners.     In addition Cuban officials briefly detain an average of more than 700 dissidents a month, the commission says. Obama’s Republican critics have called the visit a capitulation, while Cuban dissidents are mostly supportive. “Any gesture of solidarity, any words or gestures, any contact with the peaceful opposition would be well received by the majority of the population,” said Jose Daniel Ferrer, leader of the Patriotic Union of Cuba, which says it has about 3,000 members, making it the largest opposition group in Cuba. Cuban Foreign Ministry official Josefina Vidal said Cuba hoped Obama would meet with “the real Cuban civil society,” a term making a distinction between most Cubans and anti-government activists. Some Cuban dissidents prefer the previous U.S. policy of isolating Cuba and say Obama has failed them. The Ladies in White, who march each Sunday in Havana, say Obama is unwelcome unless he responds to their request that he denounce the repression of activists and calls for amnesty for political prisoners. “If he makes a strong statement repudiating these human rights violations, then we will consider it an advance in human rights,” said Berta Soler, leader of the group. “In practice, we have not seen a thing.” ",1
10781,Pope's comments on Trump's Christianity spark jokes on Twitter,"(Reuters) - Pope Francis’s remarks on Thursday that U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is “not Christian” due to his views on immigration sparked jokes on social media, and the pope quickly trended on Twitter in the United States. The businessman and former reality TV star called the pope’s comments “disgraceful” and said he was proud to be a Christian. Twitter users poked fun at the brouhaha. “Watching Trump fight with the Pope might be the most fun you can have with your clothes on,” tweeted actor Albert Brooks (@AlbertBrooks). Television comedy writer Wendy Molyneux (@WendyMolyneux) joked about the controversy by attributing a fake quotation to Trump that mocked the presidential candidate’s penchant for bawdy exaggeration. “‘You know, a lot of my friends are Popes, and they love what I’m doing. This one Pope is such a loser. And fat.’ - @realDonaldTrump,” Molyneux wrote Thursday. Paul Begala (@PaulBegala), a political consultant who is an adviser to a Super PAC helping Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, said: “How long before realDonaldTrump says the Pope is totally broke. Doesn’t own a single golf course. Never even dated a supermodel. #Loser.” “How dare the pope be concerned with the poor & disenfranchised! I mean Jesus never was!” tweeted actor Rainn Wilson (@rainnwilson). “The Late Show,” hosted by comedian Stephen Colbert, tweeted a poll Thursday in which it asked “How can Donald Trump get back in the Pope’s good graces?” The options listed were “Cabinet position,” “Purchase indulgences,” “Evict Protestants” and “Sensual back rub.” Trump, long the leader in national opinion polls, and five Republican rivals face off on Saturday in South Carolina’s primary. While the pope and Trump are now at odds, the real estate developer had previously praised the pontiff. In 2013, the year Francis began his papacy, Trump compared himself to the pope favorably. On Christmas Day 2013: Trump tweeted, “The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!”  The pope was not the only powerful figure to run afoul of the Republican candidate on Thursday. Media titan Rupert Murdoch weighed in on Twitter to contest Trump’s claims that Fox News is biased against him after a national poll by NBC and the Wall Street Journal showed Senator Ted Cruz inching ahead of Trump. “Trump blames me for WSJ poll, fights FoxNews,” tweeted Murdoch (@rupertmurdoch), executive chairman of both Fox News parent 21st Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O)  and Journal owner News Corp (NWSA.O). “Time to calm down. If I running anti-Trump conspiracy then doing lousy job!”  For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here). ",1
10782,Treasury's Weiss to be witness at House Puerto Rico hearing: official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico will be the subject of two U.S. House of Representatives hearings on Feb. 25, with U.S. Treasury Secretary Counselor Antonio Weiss the sole witness at one, Pedro Pierluisi, the island’s non-voting representative in Congress, said in a statement on Thursday. Following the hearings, Pierluisi said he expected that the drafting process would begin “in earnest” for legislation for the island and that he would be involved in negotiations.  Republicans plan to bring a bill addressing Puerto Rico’s debt crisis to the floor of the House by the end of March. The first hearing next Thursday, examining the impact of Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis on the bond market, will be in a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services. The second, examining the Treasury’s analysis of the island, will be a full committee hearing before the House Natural Resources Committee, according to Pierluisi’s statement. Puerto Rico, with around $70 billion in debt, has been trying to solve a fiscal crisis before substantial debt payments come due in May and July. It has already defaulted on some debt and is trying to persuade its creditors to take concessions. ",1
10783,Puerto Rico may have better chance of Supreme Court win after Scalia death,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Financially troubled Puerto Rico’s push for a debt restructuring program could get a lift from the death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who was viewed as likely to oppose granting such relief in an upcoming U.S. Supreme Court case. The highest U.S. federal court in December agreed to hear Puerto Rico’s bid to reinstate a 2014 law called the Recovery Act after it was struck down by a lower court.  The government of the U.S. territory, which has around $70 billion in borrowings, hoped the act would help it to restructure its debt and pull it out of a fiscal crisis. It would give the Caribbean island more power to impose conditions on creditors in a debt restructuring, which could worsen creditor recoveries, bondholders had argued.  “Scalia has been a fairly aggressive defender of contractual rights over the years,” said Height Securities analyst Daniel Hanson, who estimated the chances of a Puerto Rico victory have risen to around 30 percent from five percent after Scalia’s death. Scalia, who served on the Supreme Court for nearly 30 years, died at a ranch in Texas last Saturday, setting up a major political showdown between President Barack Obama and the Republican-controlled Senate over who will replace him on the nine-member court. A Supreme Court victory could help strengthen the arguments of island officials and a number of Democrats in their campaign to give Puerto Rico bankruptcy protection rights, which U.S. states already receive. That effort has been stunted by lack of Republican support. The Recovery Act was designed to apply to some of Puerto Rico’s public corporations, such as utility PREPA, but excluded debt issued by the island and its Government Development Bank.  PREPA bondholders Oppenheimer Funds and Franklin Templeton sued Puerto Rico, claiming the act would enable Puerto Rico to modify debt obligations. A U.S. federal court in Puerto Rico a year ago voided the Recovery Act saying it contravened federal bankruptcy law, and a U.S. appeals court affirmed that last July.  The Puerto Rican government and its lawyers, as well as a representative for the bondholder plaintiffs, did not respond to requests for comment or declined comment. Scalia’s death means that only seven justices are likely to vote on the Puerto Rico case as Justice Samuel Alito, a conservative, who had investments in funds with Puerto Rico bonds, last year recused himself.  If there had been a tied 4-4 vote it would have automatically upheld the lower court’s decision. Alito could still participate if he divests investments before the oral argument.  Of the remainder of the justices, four are viewed as liberals and three as conservatives. The latter are seen by some restructuring experts as more likely to support creditors on the basis of contractual business rights.  “The four liberal justices are the justices most likely to be sympathetic to Puerto Rico’s arguments,” said David Skeel, Professor at the University of Pennsylvania law school, who said Scalia’s death creates the possibility that the liberal block will prevail by a 4-3 vote. Skeel wrote a brief supporting Puerto Rico’s position in the case.    Still, the restructuring experts said that it may be too simple to suggest that Scalia would have voted against Puerto Rico as the case involves complex legal questions. Richard Levin, Co-head of Jenner & Block’s Restructuring and Bankruptcy Department, said the court tries very hard to apply the law, rather than allow political leanings to dominate its decisions. Carlos Del Valle Cruz, counsel for Eduardo Bhatia, president of Puerto Rico’s Senate, also said that Scalia’s absence may favor Puerto Rico.  A complicating factor is a separate case which was just argued in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. That concerns the indictment of two men by Puerto Rico prosecutors on gun charges, and their subsequent indictment by a federal grand jury. Both pleaded guilty to the federal charges and were sentenced to prison but the case in Puerto Rico continued.  The U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli has argued that the Puerto Rico prosecution violated double jeopardy laws that ban trying a defendant twice for the same crime in the same jurisdiction, while Puerto Rico’s government countered that its rights to self-governance were threatened. Nicholos Venditti, a portfolio manager at Thornburg Investment Management, said rulings in both cases could “have significant implications for Puerto Rico and the U.S. that reach far beyond the $70 billion in debt.”  John Miller, co-head of fixed income for Nuveen Asset Management, which holds around $300 million in par value of insured Puerto Rican paper, said the concern with the Recovery Act being reinstated would be the potential for it to be expanded to other issuers beyond the public agencies it was originally designed for.    Oral arguments in the Supreme Court case are scheduled to be held March 22.  ",1
10784,"Ahead of Obama visit, Cuba says ready to talk about rights","HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba is willing to talk with the United States about human rights, its top diplomat for U.S. relations said on Thursday in reference to a historic visit by U.S. President Barack Obama set for March. The White House earlier said Obama would raise Washington’s concerns about rights to free speech, free assembly and independent civil society during his two-day Cuba trip, the first by a sitting U.S. president since 1928. “Cuba is open to speak to the U.S. government about any topic, including human rights,” Josefina Vidal, director of U.S. affairs for the Cuban Foreign Ministry, told reporters after the White House said Obama would travel to Cuba on March 21-22. The trip follows the two countries’ move in 2014 to reopen ties after more than 50 years of hostile relations. But Vidal made clear that Cuba’s idea of what constituted human rights did not coincide with Washington’s perception. “We have different ideas (about rights), in the same way that different ideas exist about other topics like democracy, political models and international relations, she told reporters. “We hope that President Obama will have the opportunity to converse with the real Cuban civil society,” Vidal said, using a term to draw a distinction from the opposition, which the government considers illegitimate. Cuba says critics of its human rights record overlook a low crime rate and guaranteed healthcare and education. Obama will meet with dissidents when he visits Cuba, the White House said. Republicans complained that the trip would lend legitimacy to the island’s Communist government.  Anti-government activists face harassment and short-term detention if they gather and protest in Cuba. The Cuban Commission of Human Rights and National Reconciliation, a dissident group, says there has been a spike in such detentions since November.  Cuba released 53 political prisoners around the time of rapprochement in December 2014. But there are still about 90 political prisoners in Cuba, the commission said on Thursday, an increase of about 20 since it issued its annual report in June 2015. The Cuban government see the dissidents as a tiny minority with little public support and financed indirectly by Washington. ",1
10785,Wisconsin blocks federal funds from reaching Planned Parenthood,"(Reuters) - Wisconsin Republican Governor Scott Walker signed two bills into law on Thursday that block federal funding from Planned Parenthood and could cost the local organization millions of dollars.   Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin could lose about $7.5 million a year because of the measures, an organization spokeswoman said.  Texas, Louisiana other Republican-controlled states tried to halt funding for the reproductive health organization after an anti-abortion group released videos last summer purported to show Planned Parenthood officials trying to negotiate prices for aborted fetal tissue. Under federal law, donated human fetal tissue may be used for research, but profiting from its sale is prohibited. A grand jury in Texas cleared Planned Parenthood of any wrongdoing and indicted two anti-abortion activists behind the filming of the videos for tampering with a government record and violating a prohibition on the purchase and sale of human organs.     One of the new Wisconsin rules requires the state to apply for federal “Title X” family planning grant money and to give those monies to “less controversial public entities” such as state, county and local health departments and clinics, a statement from Walker’s office said.  Planned Parenthood is currently the only entity in Wisconsin receiving this federal money and the funds will not be sent to the organization, the statement said.  State entities providing abortions will now bill Medicaid only for acquisition costs and dispensing fees for prescription drugs.  Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin could lose roughly $4 million a year as a result of this measure, depending on patient volume and the type of birth control patients choose, organization spokeswoman Iris Riis said. The legislation singles out Planned Parenthood and is an attempt to stop the organization from providing essential healthcare, the group said.  “The move was the latest in a long line of attacks by the Governor and the Republican controlled state Legislature on the health of Wisconsin women and families,” the organization said in a statement.   Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin has 22 health centers in the state, three of which offer abortion services, according to its website. Earlier this month, Ohio legislators approved a bill blocking state and federal funds for groups that perform or promote abortions, which cut $1.3 million annually used by Planned Parenthood clinics for HIV testing, pre-natal care and other programs. States including Alabama, Utah and Arkansas have fought losing court battles over their plans to cut funding for local Planned Parenthood operations.  ",1
10786,Trump says pope will wish he was president if Vatican is attacked by Islamic State,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, responding to Pope Francis’ calling him “not Christian” because of his positions on immigration, said on Thursday the pope would have wished Trump was president if Islamic State attacked Vatican.  “If and when the Vatican is attacked by the ISIS, which as everyone knows is ISIS’s ultimate trophy, I can promise you that the pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been president,” Trump said in a speech in South Carolina, using an acronym for the militant group.  (Reporting by Mohammad Zargham in Washington) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",1
10787,Obama's Cuba trip will send important signal to Cubans: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will meet with political dissidents when he visits Cuba next month, a senior White House official said on Thursday. The remarks from Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes came after the White House confirmed the trip earlier on Thursday. ",1
10788,Republican presidential race erupts into four-way battle,"CHARLESTON, S.C./SUMTER, S.C. (Reuters) - The Republican race for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination erupted into a four-candidate crossfire on Wednesday over who has the proper experience and is the most conservative, days before South Carolina voters put their stamp on the campaign. In TV interviews and campaign events, front-runner Donald Trump threatened to sue Senator Ted Cruz of Texas over a negative TV ad, while Senator Marco Rubio of Florida accused Cruz of lying about his record, and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush questioned Rubio’s experience to serve as president. Amid the squabbling, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley endorsed Rubio as the Republicans’ best hope for winning the White House, a boost to Rubio and a blow to Bush, who had lobbied hard for her to pick him. The endorsement gave Rubio, 44, a valuable ally to try to sway voters ahead of Saturday’s South Carolina Republican primary, the third contest after Iowa and New Hampshire to pick a party nominee for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. Bush had a tough day, learning of Haley’s endorsement right before a town hall meeting in Summerville, South Carolina, where four members of the audience second-guessed his campaign strategy and offered tips on how to have a greater impact in the state. Much of the debate took place over the television airwaves, as Trump, 69, a billionaire businessman and former reality TV star, lobbed charges at his rivals at an MSNBC town hall, and Rubio and Cruz battled in back-to-back appearances at a CNN town hall in Greenville, South Carolina. Trump fumed about a TV ad put out by the Cruz campaign that brought up Trump’s past position in support of a woman’s right to an abortion. Trump says he has evolved into a conservative and is now against abortion. “You look at a guy like Ted Cruz, he’s a nasty guy,” Trump said. “He doesn’t have one Republican endorsement from the Senate and he works with the Senate. Think of it. Hard to believe.” Cruz dared Trump to sue him over the campaign ad, which featured a 1999 video clip of Trump saying he was “very pro-choice” on abortion. Cruz said Trump sent his campaign a “cease and desist letter” demanding it drop the ad. At the CNN town hall, he said he laughed out loud when he got the letter threatening what he called a “frivolous lawsuit.” “In any defamation case, truth is a complete defense,” Cruz said. Questioners at the town hall pressed Cruz, 45, on charges leveled against him by Trump that he may not be eligible to be president because he was born in Canada, and that none of his U.S. Senate colleagues liked him. Cruz said he met the constitutional requirement that a president must be a “natural born citizen” because his mother was an American. As for his Senate colleagues, Cruz said some may not like him because he serves the interests of his constituents, not fellow senators. The latest national Reuters/Ipsos poll showed Trump taking a more than 20-point lead over Cruz in the Republican race. Trump had 40 percent support in the poll conducted from Saturday to Wednesday, compared with 17 percent for Cruz, 11 percent for Rubio, 10 percent for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, and 8 percent for Bush. The results contrasted with those of an NBC News/Wall Street Journal national poll that put Cruz ahead of Trump among Republicans by 28 percent to 26 percent. Rubio, hoping to overtake Cruz for second place in South Carolina, where Trump leads in the polls, accused Cruz of spreading falsehoods with an ad attacking Rubio over his position on immigration. Rubio backed a 2013 Senate immigration reform effort that collapsed. Cruz says Rubio would have supported “amnesty” for illegal immigrants, which his rival denies. “If you say something that isn’t true and you say it over and over and you know it’s not true, it must be a lie,” Rubio said. Bush, running fourth in South Carolina and behind Rubio, questioned Rubio’s level of experience after Rubio said Bush did not have foreign policy experience. Rubio counts his time on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee as valuable experience. “It’s hard for me to be lectured to by a gifted young guy who thinks going to committee hearings means you know something about the world,” Bush said in Summerville. At the event, Bush, 63, the son and brother of former presidents, sounded a note of frustration at frequent criticism of his campaign by TV pundits. “The pundits have made it all – it’s all decided. We don’t have to go vote, I guess. It’s all finished. I should stop campaigning, maybe, huh? It’s all done,” he said. “No,” shouted people in the crowd.  (Additional reporting by Chris Kahn in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10789,Trump leads Republican field nationally by more than 20 points: poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump has taken a more than 20-point lead over U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the Republican race for the presidential nomination, bolstering his position ahead of the party’s primary in South Carolina on Saturday, according to a national Reuters/Ipsos poll. Among Republicans, Trump, a billionaire businessman, drew 40 percent support in the poll conducted from Saturday to Wednesday, compared with 17 percent for Cruz, 11 percent for U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, 10 percent for retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, and 8 percent for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. The results contrasted with those of a national poll conducted this week by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal that showed Trump dropping into a national dead heat with Cruz in the race for the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. On the Democratic side, the Reuters/Ipsos poll showed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton maintaining about a 10-point national lead over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont since last week’s New Hampshire primary won by Sanders. The Republican results marked a nominal gain for Trump since his win in the Feb. 9 New Hampshire primary, when he led Cruz by 18.4 points in the national rolling survey, although the increase remained within the poll’s credibility interval. Since he announced his candidacy last summer, Trump has leveraged his celebrity and deep pockets to wage an unfiltered campaign that has upended the Republican primary. He has led the Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll since nearly the start of his campaign, topping Bush in late July. The Reuters/Ipsos poll also showed that either Clinton or Sanders would win a hypothetical general election contest with Trump. Clinton would likely win with 44 percent support,  compared with 37 percent for Trump. Sanders would likely win by 44 percent to 35 percent. The poll included responses from 476 registered Republicans and 543 registered Democrats. It had a credibility interval of about 5 percent.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10790,U.S. and EU warn China on need to respect South China Sea ruling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European Union warned China on Wednesday that it should respect an international court ruling expected later this year on its dispute with the Philippines over territory in the South China Sea. China claims virtually all the South China Sea and rejects the authority of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague hearing the dispute, even though Beijing has ratified the U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea on which the case is based. Amy Searight, U.S. deputy assistant secretary of defense for South and Southeast Asia, said the United States, the European Union, and allies like Australia, Japan and South Korea must be ready to make clear that the court’s ruling must be binding and that there would be costs to China for not respecting it if it lost the case. “We need to be ready to be very loud and vocal, in harmony together, standing behind the Philippines and the rest of the ASEAN claimants to say that this is international law, this is incredibly important, it is binding on all parties,” she told a seminar at Washington’s Center for Strategic and International Studies. Searight said the message to China, if it did not respect a negative ruling, should be, “we will hold you accountable.” “Certainly, reputational cost is at stake, but we can think  of other creative ways to perhaps impose costs as well,” she said without elaborating. The Hague tribunal has no powers of enforcement and its rulings have been ignored before. Manila has said the court may hand down a ruling before May. China disputes South China Sea territory with several other members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) as well as the Philippines. Klaus Botzet, head of the political section of the EU Delegation in Washington, said it was difficult to oppose world opinion. “A joint Western, a joint world opinion, matters also for Beijing,” he said. “If we unanimously support that international law as formulated by the international tribunal in the Hague ... needs to be upheld, that’s a very strong message and will be very difficult to ignore,” he said. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said he had “noted” the comments, and repeated China’s opposition to the arbitration case and refusal to participate. The Philippines’ “scheme would never succeed”, he told a daily news briefing in Beijing. In unusually forthright language, Botzet said China’s policy of military buildup was not in its interest. “It’s investing much more in its military relative to its economic growth; it’s forcing its neighbors into alliances  against itself; positions its neighbors otherwise wouldn’t take and the return on investment on this policy is negative,” he said. The United States had exceptional military capabilities in the Asia-Pacific, Botzet said, adding that the European Union “strongly supports the American guarantee of international law in Asia.” ",1
10791,Indicted Texas mayor arrested for disrupting meeting seeking his ouster,"SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) - The mayor of the south Texas town of Crystal City, arrested earlier this month on federal corruption charges, was arrested again by his own police department for unruly behavior at a meeting that sought his resignation, police said on Wednesday. Ricardo Lopez was charged with disorderly conduct following a chaotic city council meeting on Tuesday night at which citizens presented petitions calling for the mayor, two other council members and the city manager, all of whom were also indicted, to step down. The meeting was the first since the town that bills itself as “the spinach capital” of the world found that most of its leaders had been indicted in the federal probe. U.S. prosecutors charged the officials with dipping into city coffers for their own personal gain. Lopez posted bail on Wednesday and left jail, telling reporters he had no intention of attending future city council meetings. “Don’t care who the mayor is. Don’t care if I’m the mayor. I’m not going to another council meeting. Because I don’t want to be put in jail again,” he said. He did not say whether he intends to resign. Witnesses said during Tuesday’s council meeting, Lopez tried to dispute calls for his resignation, yelled at spectators and left to fetch a copy of the city charter. When he returned, pushing and shoving ensued between Lopez and angry citizens, and the mayor was arrested, police said. Lopez, two other council members, and the city manager were indicted on Feb. 4. They were charged with collecting bribes from city contractors for permits and other favors and using the money to pay off gambling debts, bar tabs and car loans.  They were also suspected of allowing an illegal gambling house to operate in the town of about 7,500 people. Another Crystal City councilman was indicted in January on charges of smuggling undocumented immigrants. Crystal City is known for a quirky tourist attraction of a large statue of the spinach-eating cartoon character Popeye in front of City Hall that celebrates the area’s history as a spinach producer. It holds an annual spinach festival. ",1
10792,"Obama to make historic trip to Cuba in coming weeks, official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will visit Cuba in the coming weeks, a senior administration official said on Wednesday, making a historic trip in the final year of his presidency that will mark a turning point in U.S. relations with a long-time Cold War foe. The White House plans to announce the visit on Thursday. The Cuba stop will be part of a broader trip to Latin America. The visit to Havana by Obama would cap what administration officials see as one of his legacy foreign policy achievements: normalizing relations with Cuba and taking steps toward expanded commercial relations after a 54-year freeze.  Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shocked the world in December 2014 by announcing the former adversaries would move to normalize relations. The Republican majority in Congress has defied Obama’s call to rescind the five-decade-old embargo, so he has used his executive authority to relax trade and travel restrictions. Republican presidential candidates Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, both sons of Cuban immigrants, have been sharply critical of his opening to Cuba in the absence of political change there. A visit by Obama to Havana in late March would correspond with the finalization of a peace deal for Colombia that was encouraged and sponsored by Castro. The Colombian government and the FARC rebel group are expected to finalize a peace deal by March 23 in Havana that would end a 50-year civil war in the South American nation. Obama said in a December interview with Yahoo News that he hoped to visit Cuba in 2016 but only if enough progress had been made in bilateral relations and he was able to meet political dissidents as part of an effort to “nudge the Cuban government in a new direction.”  A Cuban foreign ministry official said in reaction to the December interview that Obama was welcome to visit Cuba but not  meddle in its internal affairs. It was not immediately clear what detailed arrangements would be made for the trip or how diplomats from the two nations proposed to bridge that divide as part of the plans. Washington and Havana restored diplomatic ties in July but commerce remains limited by the U.S. trade embargo, which includes a ban on American tourism to the island. On Tuesday, American and Cuban officials signed an arrangement to restore scheduled air services between the two countries after half a century.  Rubio wasted no time in criticizing the reported plans for the trip. Asked at a CNN town hall event in South Carolina whether he would visit Cuba, Rubio replied: “Not if it’s not a free Cuba.” At the same event, Cruz also criticized Obama’s move, saying he would not go to Cuba “as long as the Castros are in power.” “What Obama has shown to our enemies is weakness and appeasement,” Cruz said, lumping together Obama’s steps toward improving U.S. relations with Cuba and Iran. “I think it’s a real mistake. I think the president instead ought to be pushing for a free Cuba,” he said. Instead, he will go and “essentially act as an apologist.” The last and only sitting U.S. president to visit Cuba was Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ",1
10793,Trump says Israeli-Palestinian deal may be impossible,"SUMTER, S.C. (Reuters) - Donald Trump, who has argued his experience negotiating tough real estate deals makes him best qualified to be U.S. president, said on Wednesday it might be impossible to forge a lasting peace agreement between the Israelis and the Palestinians. During a televised town hall session hosted by MSNBC in South Carolina, Trump, the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination, said he believed getting a deal done would be “very, very tough.” The remarks were notable not only because Trump rarely discusses Israel or the Mideast peace process on the campaign trail, but also because they seemed to show a shift in Trump’s views on the feasibility of a deal.  Trump said in December he would start working on a deal between the two sides within the first six months of taking office if elected. In those earlier comments, he also said he thought a deal would be hard to make, but added he thought it depended whether the Israelis really wanted to make one.  In his comments on Wednesday, Trump said he’d heard from an Israeli that “the other side has been trained from the time they’re children to hate Jewish people,” and that was why a deal might not work. “You have one side in particular growing up and learning that these are the worst people,” he said.  “I would say if you can do that deal you can do any deal,” he added. “That’s probably the toughest deal in the world right now to make and it’s possible it’s not makeable.” The town hall was part of Trump’s final push to translate his substantial lead in the South Carolina polls to a victory in the state’s Republican primary election, which takes place on Saturday. He also appeared before South Carolina audiences on Wednesday in the towns of Bluffton, Walterboro and Sumter. Trump said he’d still try to get a peace deal done, even if the odds for success were slim: “I’m going to give it a shot.”  (Reporting By Emily Flitter in Sumter, South Carolina; Editing by Michael Perry) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10794,Illinois governor seeks broad power to balance state budget,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - Illinois Republican Governor Bruce Rauner on Wednesday called on Democrats who control the legislature to give him the power to balance the state’s chronically unbalanced budget if they continue to reject his proposed reform package. In his second budget address to the legislature, Rauner said residents were “sick and tired” of a political impasse that has left the fifth-largest U.S. state without a full budget for nearly eight months. Illinois and Pennsylvania are the only two states that lack complete fiscal 2016 budgets.  Rauner, a wealthy venture capitalist turned politician, offered two fiscal 2017 budget proposals: a $36.3 billion general fund spending plan that incorporates his so-called turnaround agenda that Democrats have opposed, or a budget tied to proposed legislation to empower him to reduce spending to $32.8 billion. “I won’t support new revenue unless we have major structural reforms to grow more jobs and get more value for taxpayers,” he said. Rauner insisted any fiscal 2016 budget deal must include Democratic concessions on at least “a portion” of his agenda to weaken collective-bargaining rights, limit workers injured on the job from obtaining compensation from employers, freeze property taxes and change how legislative district boundaries are drawn. House Speaker Michael Madigan and Senate President John Cullerton, both Chicago Democrats, declined to support big budget powers for Rauner. “What the governor is asking for is unilateral budget-making power,” Madigan said, adding a balanced approach of spending cuts and new revenue is needed. Illinois has the lowest credit ratings and worst-funded pensions among the 50 states. While the search continues for a constitutional way to rein in a $111 billion unfunded pension liability, Rauner proposed saving $4.8 billion over four years by shifting some retirement costs for 1,900 high-paid employees onto their local school districts, universities and community colleges. Pension-influencing, end-of-career salary increases would face a tighter cap, while state payment spikes caused by assumption changes by the state’s five retirement systems would be smoothed over five years. Rauner pledged to work on a bipartisan revamp of the state’s school funding formula, adding any proposal involving “taking money from one school district and giving it to another is doomed.” He warned the Chicago Public Schools “is threatening a lawsuit against the state.” CPS CEO Forrest Claypool said the district, mired in its own financial crisis, is a victim of unequal funding by the state and could not ignore “any tool” to protect students. He added that the governor was unwilling to address that inequity. Rauner proposed boosting per-student funding in K-12 public schools to $6,119, the highest level in seven years A fiscal 2016 school funding bill passed by Democrats last year marked the only major budget measure Rauner initially signed, leaving Illinois to operate on court-ordered spending and ongoing appropriations for bonds and pensions for the fiscal year that began July 1. Spending is largely at fiscal 2015 levels when revenue was higher thanks to income tax rates that had been temporarily raised, but which rolled back on Jan. 1, 2015, making Illinois’ finances even shaker. Public universities and scholarships for low-income college students remain unfunded. Several hundred protesters, mostly students from public universities, crowded into the State Capitol rotunda and chanted “save our schools” and “hey, hey, ho, ho, Governor Rauner has got to go” while the governor delivered his speech inside the House chambers.  Illinois’ current $7.17 billion backlog of unpaid bills, a barometer of the ongoing structural budget imbalance, could be tackled partially through up to $4 billion in new borrowing that would cost less than the 12 percent penalty now tacked onto tardy state bill payments, an administration official said. ",1
10795,White House rebuts Supreme Court hypocrisy charge against Obama,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House tried to defuse Republican charges of hypocrisy against President Barack Obama over Supreme Court nominees on Wednesday as liberal activists swung into action and the top Senate Democrat predicted a Republican “cave-in.” The White House turned up the heat on the Republican-led Senate to allow fair hearings and a timely vote on Obama’s impending selection to fill the court vacancy left by Saturday’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. The Democratic president’s nominee could change the balance of power on the top U.S. court - Scalia’s death left it with four conservative and four liberal justices - and a monumental fight is brewing over Obama’s pick for the lifetime appointment. Republicans, led by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have said Scalia’s seat should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office next January so voters can have a say in the selection when they cast ballots in the Nov. 8 presidential election. The Senate must confirm any Supreme Court nominee. “I, first of all, think that they’re going to cave in,” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, speaking in Reno, Nevada, said of the Republicans. “I think the president’s going to give us a nominee that’s a good one, and I think they’re going to have to hold hearings and have a vote.”     Obama has argued the Senate has a constitutional duty to consider his nominee. White House spokesman Josh Earnest was put on the defensive over Obama’s actions a decade ago as a member of the Senate when he tried to block the nomination put forward by his predecessor in the White House, Republican George W. Bush, of conservative Samuel Alito to the nation’s highest court. As a first-term senator from Illinois, Obama used a procedural maneuver called a filibuster. Alito was confirmed anyway.      “Some Democrats engaged in a process of throwing sand in the gears of the confirmation process. And that’s an approach that the president regrets,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters.     Earnest portrayed Obama’s vote to try to block Alito as “symbolic” and sought to contrast it to “Republicans’ reflexive opposition” to Obama nominating a justice to replace Scalia. McConnell spokesman Don Stewart said the filibuster that Obama joined undercut the White House’s argument. Liberal groups including MoveOn.org and the Progressive Change Campaign Committee said in a conference call with reporters they would mount a campaign to prod Republican senators to allow hearings and a vote on Obama’s nominee. They said they already had gathered some 500,000 petition signatures opposing McConnell’s stance. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, who chairs the Judiciary Committee that considers high court nominees, has not ruled out holding hearings, although he has offered mixed messages about how to proceed. “Grassroots voices are going to be the key to making Senator McConnell back off,” Senator Chuck Schumer, a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, told reporters. Earnest declined to rule out that Obama would make a recess appointment: naming someone to the job on a temporary basis while the Senate is on a recess, bypassing the confirmation process. The White House has been in touch with the offices of “multiple” senators of both parties about the court vacancy, Earnest said. During a speech at Yale Law School in Connecticut, liberal Justice Stephen Breyer called for a moment of silence to honor Scalia, telling the audience: “It’s going to be a grayer place without him.”  Earnest said Obama and first lady Michelle Obama would pay their respects to Scalia on Friday when the late justice’s body lies in repose at the Supreme Court building. Earnest said Obama would not go to Scalia’s funeral Mass on Saturday in Washington but that Vice President Joe Biden would attend. The remaining eight justices have canceled a meeting set for Friday to discuss action on future cases but are due next week to hear scheduled oral arguments in pending cases. ",1
10796,"Obama says upgrading U.S. cybersecurity is complex, long-term job","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday the United States is not as organized as it needs to be to step up its protections against cyber threats, and that making improvements would be a complex task lasting well beyond his time in office. Obama made his comments after meeting in the Oval Office with two advisers who will lead a new commission tasked with making recommendations by the end of the year on a long-term plan for cybersecurity upgrades. Obama did not respond to questions from reporters about a court order demanding that Apple Inc unlock an iPhone of one of the shooters in December’s attacks in San Bernardino, California. ",1
10797,Obama plans to sign North Korea sanctions bill: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama does plan to sign a North Korea sanctions bill, the White House said on Wednesday. In a press briefing with reporters, White House spokesman Josh Earnest gave no indication of when such a measure might come. ",1
10798,South Dakota governor considers transgender bathroom bill,"(Reuters) - South Dakota would be the first U.S. state to dictate what bathrooms transgender students are allowed to use in public schools if Republican Governor Dennis Daugaard signs a bill into law.  The state Senate on Tuesday voted 20-15 to send a bill to Daugaard that requires transgender pupils to use restrooms and locker rooms in public schools that correspond to their gender at birth and not the gender that fits their current identity, legislative records showed. “This bill is about protecting young children who are too innocent ... to understand the complexity of life,” Republican Senator David Omdahl said before voting for the bill.  Staff in Daugaard’s office were not immediately available for comment. Daugaard has said that he will research the issue before deciding whether to sign the legislation, local media reported.   The bill also requires schools to provide “reasonable” accommodations for transgender students. Those accommodations include a single-occupancy restroom, a unisex restroom, or the controlled use of a restroom, locker room or shower room.      “South Dakota lawmakers are sending a message that it’s okay to segregate, humiliate, and bully transgender students,” the American Civil Liberties Union said in an online post on the organization’s website.    The passage of the bill comes two weeks after a U.S. appeals court heard arguments over whether a high school in Virginia should be ordered to allow a transgender student to use the boys’ bathroom, even though he was born a biological female. In December, a suburban Chicago school district reached an accord with the U.S. government over locker room access for a transgender student after the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights found the district discriminated against the student. ",1
10799,Ex-White House aide and ex-IBM CEO to head cyber security panel,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former White House national security adviser Tom Donilon and former IBM chief executive Sam Palmisano will lead a new commission to strengthen U.S. cyber defenses over the next decade, the White House said on Wednesday. President Barack Obama set up the Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity this month and sought $19 billion for cyber security across government in his annual budget proposal, a boost of $5 billion over the previous year. Federal agencies have worked to upgrade their security since the Office of Personnel Management announced last year that roughly 22 million personnel files had been stolen in a massive hack. ",1
10800,California Attorney General Harris says not interested in Supreme Court job: report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - California Attorney General Kamala Harris said she is not interested in being nominated for the vacancy on the Supreme Court, the San Jose Mercury News reported on Tuesday. “I do not wish to be considered. I am running for the United States Senate,” said Harris, who is running to replaced retiring Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer in California. ",1
10801,"White House holds roundtable on Puerto Rico crisis, calls for Congress to act","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials held a roundtable discussion at the White House on Tuesday about the “worsening” fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico, as the Obama administration continues to press Congress to act on the issue. The meeting with Puerto Rican labor leaders and business executives featured briefings from Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew and Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell, according to a White House blog post issued late on Tuesday. Lew told meeting participants that Puerto Rico has already had to take extreme emergency measures like borrowing from its pensions to stay afloat and the island will face additional strain in May and June, when more than $2 billion in debt payments come due. “We simply cannot provide Puerto Rico with the tools it desperately needs to confront this crisis without congressional action,” the White House said. The White House has said that Puerto Rico needs federal legislation to allow it to restructure its debts and give it independent fiscal oversight.    ",1
10802,Obama says ASEAN summit discussed need to lower tensions in South China Sea,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday he and leaders of Southeast Asian countries meeting in a California summit discussed the need to ease tensions in the South China Sea, and agreed that any territorial disputes there should be resolved peacefully and through legal means. “The United States and ASEAN are reaffirming our strong commitment to a regional order where international rules and norms and the rights of all nations, large and small, are upheld,” Obama said at the end of the summit with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. “We discussed the need for tangible steps in the South China Sea to lower tensions including a halt to further reclamation, new construction and militarization of disputed areas,” he said.  ",1
10803,Obama scolds Senate Republicans for Supreme Court threat,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday vowed to pick an indisputably qualified nominee for the Supreme Court and chided Republicans who control the U.S. Senate for threatening to block him from filling the pivotal vacancy. Obama told senators he has a constitutional duty to nominate a new justice after Saturday’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and reminded them of their constitutional obligation to “do their job” and vote to approve or reject his nominee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the seat on the nation’s highest court should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office in January so voters can have a say on the selection when they cast ballots in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “I’m amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there,” Obama said. “The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now,” Obama, a former constitutional law professor, told a news conference at the close of a two-day meeting with leaders from Southeast Asia. In Washington, Scalia’s chair in the court’s ornate chamber was draped with black wool crepe in accordance with court tradition following a justice’s death. The court said Scalia’s body will lie in repose at the Supreme Court building on Friday before his funeral Mass at the  Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington on Saturday. Obama’s nominee could shift the balance of power on the court, which had five conservatives and four liberals before Scalia’s death. The president said he understood the high stakes for Republican senators under pressure to vote against his pick for the lifetime appointment, who conceivably would be the deciding vote in cases where the court is split. Obama said the “venom and rancor in Washington” has led to the Senate routinely blocking his nominations for lower courts and other posts but said the Supreme Court is too important to get trapped in political gridlock.  “It’s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics,” he said. But Republicans have pointed out that Obama and members of his cabinet, who were then in the Senate, were not above trying to block the Supreme Court nomination of Justice Samuel Alito by then-President George W. Bush in 2006. “While he complained about filibusters today, he joined filibusters while in the Senate,” said Don Stewart, a spokesman for Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Asked about his record, Obama acknowledged Democrats have played politics with nominations, too, through what he described as “strategic decisions” that ultimately did not block the president’s nominee. “But what is also true is Justice Alito is on the bench right now,” Obama said. Obama shed little light on whom he would choose or how the White House will try to finesse his choice through Congress. “We’re going to find somebody who is an outstanding legal mind, somebody who cares deeply about our democracy and cares about rule of law,” Obama said. “I’m going to present somebody who indisputably is qualified for the seat, and any fair-minded person, even somebody who disagrees with my politics, would say would serve with honor and integrity on the court,” he added. Asked directly if that meant he would choose a moderate candidate, Obama said, “No.” He said there was “more than enough time” for the Senate to hold hearings and vote on his nominee without the White House needing to resort to a procedure known as a recess appointment to get around the Senate when it is not in session. But he did not explicitly rule out a recess appointment. Republican Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, whose panel weighs Supreme Court nominations, said on Tuesday he will wait until Obama names his pick to fill the vacancy before deciding whether to hold confirmation hearings. Grassley has offered mixed messages since Scalia’s death on how the Senate should proceed on the vacancy, alternating hardline views on blocking any nominee with comments not ruling out hearings.  “I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decisions” about confirmation hearings, Grassley said, according to Radio Iowa. “In other words, take it a step at a time.” ",1
10804,"Hillary Clinton, in push for black support, promises to tackle racial disparities","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton courted the critical black vote on Tuesday as she met with civil rights leaders in New York and promised in a speech to tackle “very real barriers” confronting African-Americans.     Clinton is seeking to maintain her lead among black voters over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, her rival for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democrat Barack Obama, the first black U.S. president. The Clinton campaign said last week: “It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African-American and Hispanic voters.” Clinton’s status as the Democratic front-runner was jolted this month when the former secretary of state beat Sanders by less than a percentage point in Iowa’s caucuses and lost to him by more than 20 points in the New Hampshire primary. More than 90 percent of people in those states are white. Clinton met for more than two hours on Tuesday with a half-dozen civil rights leaders at the New York headquarters of the National Urban League. “I thought that the secretary demonstrated an ease and familiarity with many of the issues we discussed this morning,” National Urban League President Marc Morial said afterward. The Rev. Al Sharpton joked with Clinton in the corridors afterward, suggesting to reporters he had told her which candidate he would endorse. “My lips are sealed!” Clinton, who did not take any media questions, replied with a smile. At a news conference later, Sharpton said Clinton was “candid and open,” but he added he had yet to decide who to support and that no candidate should take the support of black voters for granted. “We are not a monolithic people,” he said. Clinton’s campaign team has argued that Sanders’ growing support among Democrats will likely falter as voting for a party nominee moves to more racially diverse states in the coming weeks.   Both Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, have traditionally had solid support from blacks, a key component of the Democratic electorate. Opinion polls show Clinton with a strong lead over Sanders in South Carolina, where blacks are likely to make up more than half the voters in the state’s Democratic primary on Feb. 27. Sanders has said Clinton’s polling lead among blacks is partly a result of her being more famous than he is. He believes many non-white voters will be drawn to his message of fighting economic inequality as they get to know him. He is scheduled to meet with civil rights leaders in Washington on Thursday. Later on Tuesday, Clinton, a former U.S. senator from New York, gave a speech in the historically black New York City neighborhood of Harlem on breaking down the barriers that black families face. She was joined onstage before her remarks by New York Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Eric Holder, the first black U.S. attorney general. “There are still very real barriers holding back African-Americans from fully participating in our economy and our society,” Clinton said, citing disparities between blacks and whites in earnings, health and criminal sentencing. She said that if elected, she would spend $2 billion to encourage public school districts with a high number of troubled students to hire social workers and other experts to help young people before they get entangled in the criminal justice system. Sanders, who frequently decries the country’s high incarceration rate, also met with Sharpton earlier this month, and was endorsed by Benjamin Jealous, former president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, who said he could not support Clinton in part because of her support of the death penalty. Clinton was endorsed last week by the Congressional Black Caucus Political Action Committee, which said Clinton had a long history of working on issues that affect black Americans.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Frances Kerry and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10805,"Obama, ASEAN discuss South China Sea tensions, but no joint mention of China","RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday he and leaders of Southeast Asian countries discussed the need to ease tensions in the South China Sea, and agreed that any territorial disputes there should be resolved peacefully and through legal means. But a joint statement agreed on after a two-day summit with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations at the Sunnylands retreat in California did not include the specific mentions Washington had been seeking regarding China and its assertive pursuit of territory in the South China Sea. Obama told a news conference that leaders at the meeting reaffirmed “our strong commitment to a regional order where international rules and norms and the rights of all nations, large and small, are upheld.”    “We discussed the need for tangible steps in the South China Sea to lower tensions including a halt to further reclamation, new construction and militarization of disputed areas,” Obama said. “When ASEAN speaks with a clear and unified voice, it can help advance security, opportunity and human dignity.” After a first day discussing trade and economic issues with the 10 ASEAN states, U.S. officials had been hoping to arrive at a common position on the South China Sea, where China and several ASEAN states have conflicting claims. Not all ASEAN members agree, however, on how to handle the disputes, and some, such as current ASEAN chair Laos and its neighbor Cambodia, have close economic ties to China. Rather than turning a spotlight on China, the joint statement reiterated broad key principles of U.S.-ASEAN cooperation, including “mutual respect for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, equality and political independence of all nations ... and a shared commitment to peaceful resolution of disputes.” It also reaffirmed “a shared commitment to maintain peace, security and stability in the region, ensuring maritime security and safety, including the rights of freedom of navigation and overflight.” China claims most of the South China Sea, but ASEAN members Malaysia, the Philippines, Brunei and Vietnam have rival claims. Fox News, citing civilian satellite imagery, reported on Tuesday that the Chinese military had deployed an advanced surface-to-air missile system to one of its contested islands in the South China Sea. The United States has criticized China’s building of artificial islands and facilities in the sea and has sailed warships close to disputed territory to assert the right to freedom of navigation.    Beijing accused Washington of seeking maritime hegemony through such patrols. On Wednesday, China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said China welcomed the U.S.-ASEAN consensus, but reiterated its opposition to Washington’s involvement in the disputed waters. “Relevant countries from outside the region should not flex their military muscles in the South China Sea and should not entice regional countries to carry out joint military exercises or patrol activities targeting a third party,” Hong told reporters. Obama said freedom of navigation “must be upheld, and lawful commerce should not be impeded,” and added the United States would “continue to fly, sail and operate wherever international law allows, and ... support the right of all countries to do the same.” He also said that Washington would continue to help allies and partner countries strengthen their maritime capabilities. Obama said the two sides made progress on trade and investment and had agreed to launch a new effort to help all ASEAN nations meet the criteria of the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal, of which four are so far members along with the United States. At the news conference, Obama announced an initiative, dubbed U.S.-ASEAN Connect, which he said would involve a network of hubs across the region to better coordinate economic engagement. ",1
10806,"Cruz tax plan would slash U.S. revenue, favor wealthy: analysis","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tax plan proposed by Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz would cut federal revenues by $8.6 trillion over 10 years, adding substantially to the debt, according to an analysis published on Tuesday by a nonpartisan research center.  Cruz's plan, unveiled in November, would create a flat 10 percent individual income tax that with other changes would mainly benefit high-income households, the study by the Washington-based Tax Policy Center found. (tpc.io/1ToCN7M) Other changes include repealing the corporate income tax, as well as payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare, and estate and gift taxes; increasing the standard deduction and eliminating most other deductions except for mortgage interest and charity; and adding a broad-based 16 percent value-added consumption tax. “The plan would cut taxes at most income levels, although the highest-income households would benefit the most and the poor the least,” the Tax Policy Center said. The value-added tax proposed by Cruz, a Senator from Texas who won the Iowa caucuses among Republicans last month, would replace only 70 percent of the costs of the tax cuts, according to the center. Cruz is a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement who helped provoke a 16-day government shutdown in September 2013 with his opposition to a spending bill. The goal was to gut the healthcare law known as Obamacare. The TPC analysis noted that high-income taxpayers would see an average tax cut in 2017 of about $6,100 or some 8.5 percent of after-tax income, while those with annual incomes over $3.7 million would see an average cut of nearly 29 percent, or more than $2 million. “Households in the middle of the income distribution would receive an average tax cut of $1,800, or 3.2 percent of after-tax income, while taxpayers in the lowest quintile would receive an average tax cut of $46, or 0.4 percent of after-tax income,” the TPC said. The changes would “boost incentives to work, save and invest,” but the lower revenue would require unprecedented cuts in government spending to avoid borrowing that would raise interest rates and discourage private investment, it said. The Tax Policy Center is a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution, two Washington-based think tanks. It has issued studies of other candidates’ proposals.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10807,Trump is a ------: White House hopeful plays fill-in-the-blanks with voters,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump speaks volumes in what he doesn’t say. The Republican presidential hopeful often fails to finish his thoughts during his speeches, abruptly breaking off a sentence or substituting a vague word for a more precise one. Those half-finished sentences aren’t throwaways. They’re enthymemes, a rhetorical device at the heart of a persuasive speaking style that has helped catapult the billionaire to the top of national polls ahead of the November 2016 election. To his supporters, Trump is a politician who doesn’t sound like one: He says what he thinks, happily insults rivals and can appear unscripted, particularly when he leaves his thoughts to trail off unfinished or peppers sentences with ambiguities.  Take his comments during a recent Republican debate in which he defended his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States: “I talked about Muslims,” he said. “We have to have a temporary something, because there’s something going on that’s not good.” It was left up to the listener to decipher what Trump was saying. What this means in practice is that supporters can tailor his statements to their own beliefs, rhetoric professors said. It also allows Trump, consciously or not, to avoid boxing himself in with quotes that rivals can use against him.  Strictly speaking an enthymeme is a form of argument in which at least one premise remains unstated. The concept isn’t new - it was described by the Greek philosopher Aristotle - and has been used in American politics in the past.  In practice, enthymemes come in various forms, including dramatic pauses, unfinished sentences and the place-filling “somethings” Trump employs, according to the experts, who study U.S. public and political speech. In each case, listeners fill in the blanks. Trump has used enthymemes when taking on Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly and one-time rival Carly Fiorina; he has used them in describing his opposition to a New York City mosque; he routinely uses them in speeches when talking about subjects ranging from immigration to trade wars. In the case of Kelly, Trump, recounting a heated exchange between them during a televised debate, said she had “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her - wherever.” His statement caused a furor among many who concluded Trump had meant Kelly was menstruating and hormonal and therefore irrational. Trump denied it and supporters came to his defense, pointing out he had never spoken the words. Trump’s habit of leaving listeners to fill in the blanks isn’t new; it’s apparent in recorded interviews done well before his presidential bid. And it’s not clear whether he does it consciously. His spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, called it a symptom of a racing mind. “People have said Mr. Trump’s speeches are like a game of chess - an intricate web of great genius,” she said.      Enthymemes can have a potent effect on listeners, said Baylor University rhetoric professor Martin Medhurst. “You have involved them psychologically and helped to persuade them by having them persuade themselves.” But the rhetorical device carries risks, especially in instances where the unfinished thought is so vague that listeners can complete it with either a positive or a negative statement. In a Jan. 29 speech, for example, Trump described his views that China is exploiting the United States. “They’ve taken our jobs, they’ve taken our base, they’ve taken our money, and I love China, they get along great with me, I told you I have all these people, I do business with China, they agree with me. They can’t —.” A clip of the statement was shown by Reuters to a group of students in a public policy class at New York’s Hunter College, who disagreed among themselves about what Trump’s next words would have been.  One student, Alexandre Alvalade Ximenes, a freshman studying political science and philosophy, completed Trump’s unfinished thought this way: “They can’t believe how intellectually inferior we are.”  Another, Matthew Locastro, also a political science major, filled in the blank with, “There’s no way they can disagree with him because of his working relationship with them.”  Trump isn’t alone in using enthymemes to effect.  In an interview last September with Rolling Stone, Trump mocked the looks of Fiorina. “Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?”  To some listeners, Trump was communicating that he thought Fiorina was ugly. Trump later denied he meant that. Fiorina responded with her own enthymeme: “I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. Trump said.” ",1
10808,Obama says Republican campaign rhetoric troubling to outside world,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Tuesday he is hearing from  foreign leaders who are alarmed at Republican presidential candidates’ positions on issues such as climate change and immigration.     “I think foreign observers are troubled by some of the rhetoric that’s been taking place in these Republican primaries and Republican debates,” Obama told reporters at the end of a summit with Southeast Asian leaders. Americans will choose a new president in a Nov. 8 election. Republicans and Democrats are currently battling in nominating contests to determine who will represent their parties in the race for the presidency. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has made headlines for supporting a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and controversial statements about immigrants. But Obama said the concern abroad is not limited to Trump.  “He may up the ante in anti-Muslim sentiment, but if you look at what other Republican candidates have said, that’s pretty troubling too,” Obama added. Noting that other countries rely on the United States to back sound science, Obama also took aim at Republican resistance to strong action on climate change as “troubling to the international community.” Obama reiterated his confidence that ultimately Americans would reject billionaire Trump. Americans realize the next president will have access to the nuclear codes, have the power to send U.S. troops to war and may be tasked with keeping the banking system afloat, Obama said. “They recognize that being president is a serious job. It’s not hosting a talk show, or a reality show. It’s not promotion or marketing,” he said. “The American people are sensible, and I think they will make a sensible choice in the end.”  Trump, a real estate mogul, was host of popular reality TV shows “The Apprentice” and “The Celebrity Apprentice” before making his run for president. Asked about Obama’s comments at a town hall style event in Beaufort, South Carolina, Trump said Obama had done a “lousy job” and would have been a one-term president if he had decided to challenge him in the last election. “This man has done such a bad job and set us back so far and for him to say that actually is a great compliment,” Trump said.  (Additional reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Eric Beech and Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10809,White House hopeful John Kasich hires former George W. Bush press aide,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - The Republican presidential campaign of Ohio Governor John Kasich has hired a former deputy White House press secretary for President George W. Bush as a top communications adviser, a campaign source said on Tuesday. The adviser, Trent Duffy, is an Ohio native who worked on Capitol Hill when then-Representative Kasich was chairman of the House Budget Committee. Duffy, who has been a public relations consultant in the years since serving in the Bush White House, will be a national communications strategist and responsible for national media outreach on behalf of Kasich’s campaign for the Nov. 8 election. The hire takes place during the heat of the South Carolina primary battle. Republicans in the state vote on Saturday and Kasich is campaigning in the state over the next few days to try to build on the momentum he received from a second-place finish in the New Hampshire nominating contest last week.  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10810,New Jersey Governor Christie outlines 2017 'fiscal restraint' budget,"TRENTON, N.J. (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie proposed a $34.8 billion fiscal 2017 state budget on Tuesday that relies on a modest 3.1 percent revenue growth and no tax hikes. It was Christie’s first major address to New Jerseyans since he returned home after ending his run for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination last week. He thanked residents for that “great privilege.” “While the result was not what I had hoped for, and maybe some of you too, the experience has made me a better governor, a better American and it’s made me a better person,” he said.   Christie spent more than half of 2015 out of state, much of it campaigning, and in a Rutgers-Eagleton Poll on Tuesday just 29 percent of registered New Jersey voters had a favorable opinion of him, his lowest level yet. Gone from Christie’s address was the broad national tone that dominated so many of his recent speeches. Instead he spoke, albeit briefly, about the need to fund transportation projects, a key state issue. Christie’s spending plan, which he said was built on “fiscal restraint,” included $250 million in savings from yet-to-come cost reductions in health benefits for public employees. The cost cuts could come through required use of generic drugs and increased co-pays, examples from a Treasury briefing for reporters before Christie’s address to lawmakers in the statehouse. Christie’s budget could find favor with Wall Street credit rating agencies. Since he took office in January 2010, New Jersey has been hit with nine downgrades in part because of overly optimistic revenue projections and the use of non-recurring revenue sources. The governor’s latest spending plan addressed both issues, with estimated revenue growth of just 3.1 percent. The proposed plan overall is just 2.2 percent larger than the $34 billion of appropriations for fiscal 2016, which ends on June 30. It also slashes reliance on one-shot revenues, to 0.7 percent of the total budget from 2.9 percent this fiscal year. The state’s underfunded public pension system is another sore spot for rating agencies. The governor proposed a $1.86 billion contribution in 2017, the biggest amount ever for New Jersey, but still less than half of what the state should be contributing to keep the system healthy, according to actuaries. Democrats, who control the legislature, said Christie skirted real proposals for healthcare savings or transportation funding, which they have said could be paid for with a state gasoline tax hike.  ",1
10811,Obama scolds Senate Republicans for Supreme Court threat,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday vowed to pick an indisputably qualified nominee for the Supreme Court and chided Republicans who control the U.S. Senate for threatening to block him from filling the pivotal vacancy. Obama told senators he has a constitutional duty to nominate a new justice after Saturday’s death of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and reminded them of their constitutional obligation to “do their job” and vote to approve or reject his nominee. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the seat on the nation’s highest court should remain vacant until Obama’s successor takes office in January so voters can have a say on the selection when they cast ballots in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “I’m amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there,” Obama said. “The Constitution is pretty clear about what is supposed to happen now,” Obama, a former constitutional law professor, told a news conference at the close of a two-day meeting with leaders from Southeast Asia. In Washington, Scalia’s chair in the court’s ornate chamber was draped with black wool crepe in accordance with court tradition following a justice’s death. The court said Scalia’s body will lie in repose at the Supreme Court building on Friday before his funeral Mass at the  Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington on Saturday. Obama’s nominee could shift the balance of power on the court, which had five conservatives and four liberals before Scalia’s death. The president said he understood the high stakes for Republican senators under pressure to vote against his pick for the lifetime appointment, who conceivably would be the deciding vote in cases where the court is split. Obama said the “venom and rancor in Washington” has led to the Senate routinely blocking his nominations for lower courts and other posts but said the Supreme Court is too important to get trapped in political gridlock.  “It’s the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics,” he said. But Republicans have pointed out that Obama and members of his cabinet, who were then in the Senate, were not above trying to block the Supreme Court nomination of Justice Samuel Alito by then-President George W. Bush in 2006. “While he complained about filibusters today, he joined filibusters while in the Senate,” said Don Stewart, a spokesman for Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Asked about his record, Obama acknowledged Democrats have played politics with nominations, too, through what he described as “strategic decisions” that ultimately did not block the president’s nominee. “But what is also true is Justice Alito is on the bench right now,” Obama said. Obama shed little light on whom he would choose or how the White House will try to finesse his choice through Congress. “We’re going to find somebody who is an outstanding legal mind, somebody who cares deeply about our democracy and cares about rule of law,” Obama said. “I’m going to present somebody who indisputably is qualified for the seat, and any fair-minded person, even somebody who disagrees with my politics, would say would serve with honor and integrity on the court,” he added. Asked directly if that meant he would choose a moderate candidate, Obama said, “No.” He said there was “more than enough time” for the Senate to hold hearings and vote on his nominee without the White House needing to resort to a procedure known as a recess appointment to get around the Senate when it is not in session. But he did not explicitly rule out a recess appointment. Republican Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, whose panel weighs Supreme Court nominations, said on Tuesday he will wait until Obama names his pick to fill the vacancy before deciding whether to hold confirmation hearings. Grassley has offered mixed messages since Scalia’s death on how the Senate should proceed on the vacancy, alternating hardline views on blocking any nominee with comments not ruling out hearings.  “I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decisions” about confirmation hearings, Grassley said, according to Radio Iowa. “In other words, take it a step at a time.” ",1
10812,Pennsylvania attorney general facing trial will not seek re-election,"HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane, who faces trial in August for allegedly leaking secret grand jury information, on Tuesday ruled out running for a second term. Kane is the first woman and first Democrat elected as the state’s top law enforcement officer, and her current four-year term concludes at the end of 2016. “(I’m) a mother first and foremost,” Kane, who is divorced and has two teenage sons, told reporters at a news conference in Scranton. “I have two very important people at home,” said Kane, 49, of Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania. “As you all know, being a single mother… that in itself is a full-time job.” She vigorously defended her time in office, especially her efforts to “rid the state of corruption” but declined to answer further questions. Tuesday marked the deadline in Pennsylvania for filing nominating petitions for the May primary election. Kane was expected to face at least two and possibly three Democratic opponents in the primary while at the same time defending herself against the legal charges.  Kane has been in legal hot water ever since her indictment last summer for allegedly passing grand jury information to a reporter as part of a personal feud. Her law license was suspended in October as a result of the grand jury indictment. Kane has portrayed herself as a victim of an “old boys’ network” worried about her efforts to expose prosecutors and Supreme Court judges who had exchanged sexually explicit or offensive emails on state computers.  Last week, Democrats in the state Senate defeated a Republican-led effort to remove her from office on the grounds that her suspended law license made it impossible for her to do her job. One of her chief critics, Representative Daryl Metcalfe, a Republican, said on Tuesday he welcomed her decision not to run but also wished she had resigned.  He said he would continue to support a separate effort in the House of Representatives to impeach Kane. ",1
10813,Republicans gear up for Supreme Court battle after Scalia's death,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers and presidential candidates hardened their  positions on Sunday on blocking a move by President Barack Obama to fill the Supreme Court seat left by the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, a lifetime appointment that would help decide some of the most divisive issues facing Americans.  The next justice could tilt the balance of the nation’s highest court, which was left with four conservatives and four liberals. The vacancy quickly became an issue in the 2016 presidential race. “We ought to make the 2016 election a referendum on the Supreme Court,” U.S. Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” The normally nine-justice court is set to decide this year its first major abortion case in nearly a decade, as well as cases on voting rights, affirmative action and immigration. Scalia, 79, died on Saturday at a West Texas resort. The cause of death will not be determined for several days, the top official in the county where he died, Presidio County Judge Cinderela Gueara, said on Sunday in an interview with local TV station WFAA-TV. Obama, a Democrat, will nominate someone to fill the empty seat but will wait until the U.S. Senate is back in session, the White House said on Sunday. The Senate returns from recess on Feb. 22. “At that point, we expect the Senate to consider that nominee, consistent with their responsibilities laid out in the United States Constitution,” White House spokesman Eric Schultz said. The White House declined to give a more specific timeline for Obama to announce his nominee. The nomination will set up a battle with the Republican-controlled chamber, which must approve any nominee. Shortly after news of Scalia’s death, Republicans vowed not to act on the vacancy until Obama’s successor takes office next January. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said failure to act would be a “shameful abdication” of the Senate’s constitutional duty. Both sides said history was on their side.  Reid said it would be unprecedented to have a vacancy on the court for a year. In the modern era, the longest Supreme Court vacancy was 363 days after Abe Fortas resigned in May 1969.  Republicans cited 80 years of tradition in which no Supreme Court nominees were approved in presidential election years. In fact, Justice Anthony Kennedy was approved in 1988, after a bruising battle in which the Senate rejected President Ronald Reagan’s first nominee, conservative Robert Bork. Supreme Court nominations are rare, so neither side has much data to rely on in determining precedents. History is also an unreliable guide as the nomination process has become significantly more politicized in recent years. For Obama’s previous two Supreme Court picks, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, he took about 30 days each to announce the elections after their predecessors, Justice John Paul Stevens and Justice David Souter, respectively, said they planned to step down. Ohio Governor John Kasich, a moderate among the Republicans vying for the White House, said the Senate should wait because a battle this year would only deepen divisions in the country. “You know how polarized everything is,” Kasich said on ABC’s “This Week.” “What I don’t want to see is more fighting and more recrimination.” Democratic U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy warned that a delay could have consequences in November’s election, when voters get to decide who fills one-third of the Senate’s seats. “If the Republican leadership refuses to even hold a hearing, I think that is going to guarantee they lose control of the Senate, because I don’t think the American people will stand for that,” he said on CNN’s “State of the Union.”    Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said the Constitution was clear. “The president makes the appointment, Senate confirms, let’s get on with that business,” the senator from Vermont said on “Fox News Sunday.” One possible contender to replace Scalia is an Indian-American appeals court judge, Sri Srinivasan, who has pro-business credentials and a stellar resume. His nomination could make it more politically challenging for Republicans to block anyone put forward by Obama. Cruz, a Texas lawmaker, who sits on the Senate Judiciary Committee that takes the lead on Supreme Court nominees, said the vacancy left by Scalia made the presidential election even more critical. He warned that a justice chosen by Sanders or his Democratic presidential rival, Hillary Clinton, would mean the Second Amendment right to bear arms would be “written out” of the Constitution and abortion on demand would become the law of the land.  Republican U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, another White House candidate, said he would want someone who echoed Scalia’s “originalist” ideology that looks at the U.S. Constitution through the lens of its framers’ 18th-century intentions. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, appearing on NBC, was more direct when asked what he would want: “Someone just like Justice Scalia.” That would mean someone who did not let ideological differences preclude civility or even friendship, former President Bill Clinton told CNN, citing Scalia’s bond with liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Ginsburg, in a statement on Sunday, called her friend “a jurist of captivating brilliance and wit” with whom she disagreed “now and then.” She cited a duet sung by the two justices in the 2015 opera “Scalia/Ginsburg” titled: “We are different, we are one.” She and Scalia, Ginsburg wrote, were “different in our interpretation of written texts, one in our reverence for the Constitution and the institution we serve.”  (Additional reporting by Joan Biskupic, Alana Wise, Timothy Gardner in Washington; Sara Vasquez in Marfa, Texas; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10814,Scalia's death boosts legal chances for Obama's climate plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A vote to block the Obama administration’s ambitious climate regulation was one of Antonin Scalia’s last acts as a Supreme Court justice. His sudden death may have opened a new path to the rule’s survival. Scalia died Saturday. Four days earlier, he voted with the other conservative members of the high court to put a hold on the administration’s plans to implement the Clean Power Plan while it is litigated. The regulation is designed to lower carbon emissions from U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. The rule is the United States’ main tool to meet the emissions reduction target pledge it made at U.N. climate talks in Paris in December.  It was challenged by 27 states, along with business and industry groups, in a case now before an appeals court in Washington, D.C. The Supreme Court could be asked to weigh in again later this year. Without Scalia, the conservative members of the court no longer have a majority, at least in the short term. The sudden shift has given a boost to the supporters of the emissions rule.   “Last week, the Clean Power Plan was basically dead,” said Brian Potts, a lawyer with the Foley & Lardner law firm who represents companies on environmental regulatory issues. “But with Scalia’s death, everything has changed.” Environmental lawyers involved in the litigation who support the regulation told Reuters Monday that even before Scalia’s death they had been hopeful the Supreme Court would ultimately uphold it upon close consideration. But they said the change in the high court bolsters the rule’s chances. “There are still no guarantees, but the Clean Power Plan faces much better odds now than it did on Friday,” said Jack Lienke, a lawyer with the Institute for Policy Integrity at New York University School of Law, which backs the regulation. Industry lawyers said they remained confident the regulation will be struck down. “While Justice Scalia’s untimely passing creates more uncertainty, the Clean Power Plan is still predicated on an extraordinarily shaky legal foundation,” said Scott Segal, a lawyer with the Bracewell law firm, which represents companies that oppose the regulation.  In January, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit had unanimously rejected the same request for a stay that the Supreme Court granted last week. The appellate panel has set oral arguments on the merits of the case for June 2. The randomly-drawn appeals court panel is viewed by lawyers on both sides as relatively favorable for the administration, featuring two Democratic appointees and one Republican appointee. One of the Democratic appointees is Sri Srinivasan, a judge many legal experts see as a leading candidate for President Barack Obama to nominate to replace Scalia. If the appeals court upholds the rule and the challengers take the case to the Supreme Court, they would face an uphill battle in getting the five votes needed for a win without Scalia. The four liberal justices are seen as likely to uphold the rule. So, the best result the challengers would be likely to get is a 4-4 split. When the court is evenly divided, the lower court ruling stands, meaning the regulation would survive. An unknown factor is how soon a ninth member will be appointed and whether it will be a Democratic or Republican president who makes it. Some Republican leaders have said Obama should not appoint a successor, leaving it to the next president, who would take office in January 2017. Obama has said he plans to announce a nomination but will face an uphill ban to win confirmation in the Republican-controlled Senate. If a Democratic appointee replaces Scalia, it would tilt the balance of the court leftward for the first time in decades. A Republican appointee would extend the narrow conservative tilt the bench had until Scalia’s death. If Srinivasan were appointed, he would have to step aside on the Clean Power Plan case because of his involvement in the case at the appellate level. That would increase the chances of a 4-4 split. (This version of the story corrects date when new president takes office to January 2017 in paragraph 15) ",1
10815,Republican presidential candidate Cruz proposes military boost,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz pledged on Tuesday to boost the size of the U.S. armed forces and invest in new airplanes and ships, as he seeks to push back in military-focused South Carolina against rivals’ criticism of his defense record. Cruz, speaking at a decommissioned aircraft carrier in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, said that if he won the White House he would establish a total active-duty force of 1.4 million people, prioritize constructing new ballistic missile submarines and invest in anti-missile systems. “If you think it’s too expensive to defend this nation, try not defending it,” the U.S. senator from Texas said in a speech unveiling his proposal. Republicans seeking the party nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election are emphasizing defense issues in South Carolina. The state, home to a number of military bases and retired veterans, holds its Republican primary on Saturday.  Cruz has taken heat from rivals for voting for bills limiting defense spending and for pushing to revamp domestic surveillance programs. He has also argued for scaled-back military involvement overseas, saying the United States should protect its interests but not engage in “nation-building.” Cruz’s Republican opponents have touted their own plans to boost the size of the U.S. military. U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida has called for the Army to be staffed at 490,000 people, compared to Cruz’s proposal Tuesday of 525,000 soldiers.  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson; Editing by Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10816,"Foreclosure crisis snarls Clinton, Sanders' efforts to reach Nevada voters","(Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopefuls Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are flooding Nevada with volunteers ahead of this week’s key nominating contest but they face a problem - the addresses, phone numbers and other personal data they need to reach many voters are out of date. Nevada, which is more than a quarter Latino, was one of the states worst affected by the 2008 financial meltdown, with hundreds of thousands of families unable to pay their mortgages and forced to move in a crisis that by some estimates hit minorities twice as hard as whites.  With the foreclosed homes often switching hands multiple times - from homeowner to bank to investor and back to another homeowner in just a few years - keeping up with voters who at some point lived in those homes is difficult.  (For a graphic, click here: tmsnrt.rs/20OgmO4 ) The Nevada Democratic caucus on Feb. 20 has emerged as an unusually important test of Sanders’ and Clinton’s political strength. Clinton is under pressure to keep her wide lead among Latinos, while Sanders must erode it to show he has a path to the nomination that does not rely mainly on the young white voters who make up the core of his support base. “This ongoing (foreclosure) crisis makes reaching potential voters more difficult,” Sanders’ campaign said in a statement emailed to Reuters. The Clinton campaign said the voter lists supplied by the Democratic Party needed “significantly” more work to update, forcing them to spend valuable canvassing time building up their own private data. Las Vegas, Nevada’s biggest city, has seen some of the country’s highest foreclosure rates since 2008, hitting No. 1 among more than 200 U.S. metro areas from 2009 to 2011, according to RealtyTrac, a provider of real estate data and analytics. Even now, the city and its surrounding area rank No. 17. Data that might have been corrected in the 2012 general election has, in many cases, already fallen out of date again because the Nevada housing market has continued to see wave after wave of foreclosures, the campaigns said. The Democratic party’s voter file is based primarily on voter registration records across the country. But the time between when a person moves and when their voter registration file gets updated can vary because different states and counties have different rules about how to handle those changes, which are not automatic. “Not just our modeling and turnout operation but our recruitment operation is based on having very clean data,” said Jorge Neri, Clinton’s Nevada organizing director. Underscoring the problem, about a fifth of the 1 million voters registered in Clark County, where Las Vegas is located, are tagged as inactive, according to Joseph Gloria, the county’s registrar of voters - meaning their mail has been returned to the county elections office as undeliverable.  Latinos make up almost 32 percent of Las Vegas.      Personal information on voters forms the lifeblood of modern election campaigns. It can be used for just about every aspect of a ground operation - from building the so-called turf packets that volunteers scoop up to go knock on doors, to guiding the thousands of phone calls made by volunteers.  Campaign strategy is often based on the voter file, which can tell a campaign everything from where they need to turn up more supporters to what areas they can consider strongholds – or weak points. Clinton staffers first arrived in Nevada last April, campaign officials said, targeting the state early because it has the third nominating contest in the presidential race for the Democrats.  But because so much of the file was out of date, the Clinton campaign had to work harder just to find voters and make sure their information was correct. Door knocking, for example, was often much more time consuming: People listed at certain addresses might have moved, requiring volunteers to engage with new residents from scratch and, perhaps, find out where the previous occupants had gone. That brand-new information, in turn, created more work as volunteers were forced to spend time inputting the new information into the campaign’s own database.  The problem complicated normal operations, Neri said. “Had we had cleaner lists, had we had not such a transient population, we would be focused more on the volunteer recruitment,” he said.  The Sanders campaign is also knocking on doors and phone banking, said Joan Kato, the state director. But, she added, the campaign was using community outreach efforts too, such as house parties and speaking to student groups, to gather data from attendees. Kato did not say how much extra work the voter file problem had created for the campaign. Latinos make up about 27 percent of Nevada’s population and they lean heavily Democrat, meaning they are a prize voter bloc for Clinton and Sanders.  There hasn’t been enough polling in Nevada recently to show who is ahead among Latinos. But nationally Clinton has the advantage: Among Latinos who describe themselves as Democrats, 54 percent support Clinton and 37 percent back Sanders, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling from Oct. 1 to Feb. 12. Latino Decisions, a polling and research firm, said Latinos are expected to form up to 20 percent of the voters in Nevada this year up from 8.4 percent in 2012, as tallied by Pew Research Center. The importance of a good voter file can’t be underestimated, according to Ethan Roeder, who was President Barack Obama’s data director in the 2008 and 2012 elections. “You can run a campaign without a voter file. You just can’t run a successful campaign,” he said.          (Additional reporting by Chris Kahn, editing by Richard Valdmanis and Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10817,Supreme Court fight gives Democrats fuel to regain U.S. Senate control," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Supreme Court nomination battle that was ignited on Saturday with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia has given Democrats an explosive new issue that could bolster their chances of regaining majority control of the U.S. Senate.  The impact could be felt most acutely in “swing” states, where Republicans are trying to hold onto Senate seats, political strategists and analysts said. The high stakes are also expected to prompt greater voter turnout that could favor Democrats.ALSO ON REUTERS Trump is a ------: White House hopeful plays fill-in-the-blanks with voters Not in my backyard? Mainstream Scandinavia warily eyes record immigration With no clear idea of who President Barack Obama will nominate as Scalia’s replacement, it was way too early to know exactly how this fight will play out in already rollicking presidential and congressional elections.  But, “in this hyper-polarized political environment we are currently operating in, I can only assume the battle over this (court) nominee will dominate the political debate from here on out,” said Jim Manley, a strategist and former top aide to Democratic senators.  Manley noted Republicans are facing tough races for Senate seats in swing states such as Ohio, Florida, New Hampshire, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and could find themselves in even tighter spots because of the divisive fight over Scalia’s replacement.  These Republican candidates, who either already serve in the Senate or are vying for open seats, have to especially thread the needle in their politically divided states on social issues, like abortion rights, that so dominate Supreme Court confirmation fights.  Democrats already enjoyed an advantage in the November Senate elections, having to defend only 10 seats while 24 Republican seats are up for grabs in the 100-member chamber.  Democrats need a net gain of five seats to win back the majority they lost in the 2014 elections.  Just hours after Scalia’s death at the age of 79, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell proclaimed that whoever moves into the White House on Jan. 20, 2017 - and not Obama - should pick the replacement for the late conservative jurist.  The Senate must confirm presidential nominees to the life-time appointments at the nine-justice high court, whose recent decisions have had a deep impact on the country, from the legalization of same-sex marriage to election campaign finance.  “If the Republican leadership refuses to even hold a hearing, I think that is going to guarantee they lose control of the Senate, because I don’t think the American people will stand for that,” proclaimed Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy, who was interviewed on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday.    Meanwhile, McConnell’s announcement sparked new fundraising pleas in the presidential and congressional campaigns, which already were awash in campaign contributions.  Ron Bonjean, a former top Republican Senate leadership aide and current political strategist, acknowledged that Republican Senate candidates from swing states “may be placed in an awkward position” by the Supreme Court fight.  While some may be pressured to join Democrats in calling for a confirmation vote depending on who Obama nominates, Bonjean also saw a potential upside for those Republicans.  With anti-establishment candidates like Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders far exceeding expectations in their quest for the presidency, Republican Senate candidates in swing states could feel emboldened to break from party ranks.  Senator Mark Kirk in Illinois, for example, is one of those Republicans in a swing state facing a potentially rough race.  The 2016 campaigns already were generating an avalanche of voter interest with control of the White House and Congress hanging in the balance.  Now, with the ideological control of the Supreme Court also to be decided, “That leads to only one conclusion: Increased turnout” of voters in November, said Larry Sabato, a University of Virginia political scientist.  Higher turnout often helps Democratic presidential candidates, which in turn could help Democratic Senate candidates.  However, Sabato also noted that with the Supreme Court vacancy ascending in importance, it could rally establishment Republicans who currently oppose the anti-establishment Trump to support him if he becomes the party’s nominee.  And that, in turn, could boost Republican turnout in tight Senate races.  ",1
10818,Vietnam PM wants stronger U.S. role in South China Sea,"HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam’s prime minister has urged a greater U.S. role in preventing militarization and island-building in the South China Sea, the government said on Tuesday, in a rare call for Washington’s support to curb Beijing’s maritime expansionism. During a summit of Southeast Asian countries in California on Monday, premier Nguyen Tan Dung suggested to U.S. President Barack Obama that Washington uses a stronger voice and “more practical and more efficient actions”, in comments likely to rile China. Tension has spiked since Beijing’s construction of seven islands in the Spratly archipelago. “Prime Minister Dung suggested the United States has a stronger voice and more practical and more efficient actions requesting termination of all activities changing the status quo,” the government said on its news website. The statement did not specifically name China, but it said Dung was referring especially to “large-scale construction of artificial islands” and “militarization”. With a large U-shaped line on its official maps, China claims most of the South China Sea. Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, Brunei and Vietnam have rival claims. Obama and allies from Southeast Asia will turn their attention to China on Tuesday on the second day of a summit intended to improve trade and provide a united front on maritime disputes with Beijing. Whereas China accuses the United States of seeking maritime hegemony in Asia, Washington says its interest in the South China Sea is preserving freedom of navigation. In recent months, the United States raised the stakes by sending guided-missile destroyers USS Lassen and USS Curtis Wilbur close to disputed areas occupied by Beijing.    Though communist Vietnam routinely opposes China’s activities in disputed waters, its leaders are usually wary of provoking a giant neighbor with which it shares over $60 billion of annual trade and maintains close ideological ties. Dung has earned popularity in Vietnam for pursuing stronger U.S. trade and defense links and for taking a tougher line against China, compared to measured responses by other Vietnamese leaders to Beijing’s assertiveness. Dung was controversially overlooked by the politburo last month in its nomination for party chief, meaning the end of his political career when his term ends this year, posing a possible blow for Washington. Dung also asked Obama to fully lift a lethal arms embargo on Vietnam, which would be an “important way to strengthen political trust”, the government website quoted him saying. Obama will visit Vietnam in May, the White House said. ",1
10819,Jeb Bush gets a brotherly hand from George W. in South Carolina,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Former President George W. Bush came to the aid of his brother Jeb Bush’s Republican presidential campaign in South Carolina on Monday with a rousing endorsement of his character and a call for voters to reject the angry bluster of Donald Trump. The appearance of the elder Bush on the campaign trail may help Jeb Bush with South Carolina Republicans who hold the former president in high regard. But it also carries some risks, given his launching of the Iraq war in 2003, which ended up being unpopular with many Americans and which Republican front-runner Trump has seized on to criticize him. George W. Bush, who has stayed out of politics for the most part since leaving office in early 2009, showed he remains an engaging speaker, generating cheers repeatedly over 20 minutes from the biggest crowd Jeb Bush has enjoyed in his campaign. Without mentioning Trump by name, the 69-year-old George W. Bush left no doubt he was talking about the New York billionaire who uses incendiary rhetoric at his campaign events. “These are tough times and I know that Americans are angry, but we do not need someone in the Oval Office who mirrors and inflames our anger and our frustrations,” the former president said.  Real strength, he said, means facing challenges and prevailing. “Strength is not empty rhetoric. It is not bluster. It is not theatrics. Real strength comes from integrity and character. And in my experience, the strongest person isn’t usually the loudest person in the room,” George W. Bush said. Whether the elder Bush’s presence will help his 63-year-old brother in the South Carolina Republican primary on Saturday remains to be seen. Jeb is running fourth in polls in South Carolina, behind Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio. Trump, at a news conference in Charleston earlier in the day, continued a stream of insults directed at the Bush family, insisting that the former president bore responsibility for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks that took place on his watch. “Excuse me, the World Trade Center came down during the reign of George Bush, right? It came down. That was the greatest attack in the history of the United States – worse than Pearl Harbor.... We weren’t safe,” Trump said. George W. Bush offered some vivid imagery of what took place on Sept. 11 without addressing Trump’s criticism and saluted U.S. military personnel, a key constituency in South Carolina.  In his first public campaign appearance of the year for his brother, George W. Bush also met privately with South Carolina’s Republican governor, Nikki Haley, who has yet to endorse a candidate for the primary vote.  George W. Bush’s standing has risen among all Americans since he left power in 2009 and he has stayed on the sidelines of his brother’s presidential bid, headlining private fundraisers but otherwise staying off the campaign trail. That he is getting out in public now shows the urgency Jeb Bush sees in a good performance in South Carolina. Bush finished in sixth place in the Iowa caucuses and in fourth place in the New Hampshire primary - the first contests in the state-by-state battles to pick a party nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Jeb Bush predicted a good showing on Saturday, telling the crowd that “Saturday is going to be a surprise.” Trump is also keeping an eye on Cruz and trying to prevent him from gaining ground on him. He issued a statement accusing Cruz of dirty politics for running a negative ad against him. Trump also threatened to sue Cruz to determine whether he can legally serve as president since he was born in Canada and therefore might not meet the requirements set out in the U.S. Constitution. “One of the ways I can fight back is to bring a lawsuit against him,” Trump said.  (Additional reporting Andrea Shalal in Washington; Editing by Frances Kerry and Dan Grebler) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10820,Israeli kibbutz can 'feel the Bern' of forgotten volunteer Sanders ,"KIBBUTZ SHAAR HAAMAKIM, Israel (Reuters) - An Israeli kibbutz is taking considerable pride in a former volunteer, U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, even though no one on the communal farm can quite remember him. In 1990 Sanders, then running for Congress, told Israel’s Haaretz newspaper he had volunteered for several months as a young man at Kibbutz Shaar Haamakim, a community with deep socialist roots on the edge of the Biblical Jezreel Valley in northern Israel. Sanders, 74, has mentioned in the past that he once worked on a kibbutz, but its name remained a mystery until Haaretz republished its interview with him earlier this month. There are no records at Shaar Haamakim of Sanders’ stint in 1963 and none of its veteran members can say for sure they ever met him. That hasn’t stopped journalists from streaming into the community to try to dig for details about Sanders’ experience at the kibbutz, where the Brooklyn-born Vermont senator, who is Jewish, is now the talk of the farm. “The fact that Bernie Sanders’ name was linked with Kibbutz Shaar Haamakim is a big honor for the kibbutz,” said its chairman Yair Merom.  “The values that Bernie Sanders speaks about and his ideology in the presidential race - the modern social democratic values - are incredibly compatible with Kibbutz Shaar Haamakim.” Kibbutz elder Albert Ely, 79, told Reuters he couldn’t put a face to the name but he remembered that “an American called Bernard” had once been a volunteer. “Everybody mentions it. Now that the election campaign began, there is great happiness in the entire kibbutz,” said Gilad Hershkikovich, who tends to its cows. “I’m sure he had a good time here.”      (Reporting by Elana Ringler; Writing by Jeffrey Heller; Editing by Tom Heneghan) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10821,"Obama, Southeast Asia leaders eye China and trade at California summit","RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama gathered with leaders from Southeast Asia on Monday to strengthen trade ties and form a common stance over the South China Sea in a summit that the White House hopes will solidify U.S. influence in the region. Obama, who leaves office next year, has championed a  foreign policy pivot to Asia during his presidency and is determined to present the United States as a Pacific power. His meeting with leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) was aimed at cementing that legacy. “This reflects my personal commitment, and the national commitment of the United States, to a strong and enduring partnership with your 10 nations,” he said at the start of the two-day summit at Sunnylands, a California resort. The meeting, at the same location where Obama once hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping, was designed to demonstrate Washington’s role as a counterweight to Beijing and as an eager trading partner with ASEAN members. White House National Security Adviser Susan Rice told reporters U.S. companies had more than doubled investment in the region since 2008. On Monday the leaders were slated to focus on economic issues, including discussion of the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal, which includes four ASEAN members: Vietnam, Singapore, Brunei and Malaysia. Others are interested in joining, and the White House wants to make sure the pact takes effect. On Tuesday, the leaders will discuss maritime issues, particularly the South China Sea, where China and several Southeast Asian states have conflicting and overlapping claims. White House officials have said Obama would deliver a tough message to China that disputes over the South China Sea must be resolved peacefully and not by bullying. “Here at this summit, we can advance our shared vision of a regional order where international rules and norms, including freedom of navigation, are upheld and where disputes are resolved through peaceful, legal means,” Obama said. The challenge may be to get all ASEAN countries to agree on a strong statement on the issue. Officials say China has put pressure on countries such as Cambodia and Laos not to sign. “I’m ... confident that our shared commitment to upholding these norms will be reinforced,” Rice said. China’s role in the region hung over the meeting. Rice said she expected China would support new international sanctions on North Korea for its recent rocket launches.  An editorial in the influential Chinese tabloid the Global Times on Tuesday said the summit was the wrong place to discuss South China Sea issues and that it would not yield “striking geopolitical decisions”.  “ASEAN countries have no such desire, and the U.S. knows it is not able to do so,” the Global Times said, repeating Beijing’s stance that disputes in the sea should be handled bilaterally. Advocacy group Human Rights Watch urged the Obama administration to object to human rights violations in countries such as Cambodia and Thailand during the summit. The president touched on the issue without specifics during his remarks. “Here at the summit, we can reaffirm that strong, prosperous and inclusive societies require good governance, rule of law, accountable institutions, vibrant civil societies and upholding human rights,” he said. Combating climate change and cooperating on counter-terrorism and the fight against Islamic State militants were also on the agenda.  Obama returns to Washington on Tuesday. ",1
10822,Obama starts work to pick Supreme Court justice amid political 'bluster',"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has held preliminary discussions with his team about whom to nominate to the Supreme Court, the White House said on Monday, while accusing Senate Republicans of “bluster” for saying they would not confirm his pick. White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters administration officials had started talking with Senate offices about the process, which is shaping up to be an epic fight between Republicans and Democrats in a presidential election year. Republicans, who control the Senate, say Obama should put off naming a replacement for conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died over the weekend, and leave it to the next president to decide. Democrats say it is the president’s responsibility and right to make the choice. Americans will choose a new president in the Nov. 8 elections. Obama leaves office in January 2017. Scalia’s death leaves the court evenly divided between liberal and conservative justices just as it is set to decide major cases on abortion, voting rights and immigration. A growing number of Republican senators have already said they will not support an Obama nominee, including a dozen who are up for reelection in November. On Monday, Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Rob Portman of Ohio each announced their opposition. Both are up for reelection this year. “This is not the first time that Republicans have come out with a lot of bluster, only to have reality ultimately sink in,” Schultz said, citing recent spats over raising the U.S. debt limit and approving a nuclear deal with Iran. “At each pass, they took a hard line. They tried to play politics. But ultimately, they were not able to back up their threats,” Schultz said. Republicans shrugged off the criticism, pointing to past political battles over Supreme Court nominees. In 2006, Democratic leaders in the Senate, as well as then-Senator Obama, tried but failed to block President George W. Bush’s nomination of Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court, noted Don Stewart, a spokesman for Senate Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “Memories tend to be short around here sometimes,” he said. Obama, in California for a long-planned summit with Southeast Asian leaders, will return to Washington on Tuesday after a press conference at which he is sure to face questions about his strategy for filling the Supreme Court vacancy. David Axelrod, a former adviser to the president, said the  White House should not make an “overtly political” pick while Republicans were behaving in a such a political manner themselves.  “To me, it makes sense to nominate one of the stellar judges he’s already chosen who has been approved by this same Senate that now refuses to act,” Axelrod said. One possible contender is Sri Srinivasan, who Republican senators supported in 2013 when he was confirmed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Schultz declined to speculate on names or strategy.  Obama will look for a nominee with “impeccable credentials” who believes in adherence to precedent and bringing one’s own ethics and moral bearings to decisions on the court in which the law is not clear, he said. “The president seeks judges who understand that justice is not about some abstract legal theory, or a footnote in a casebook, but it is also about how our laws affect the daily realities of peoples’ lives,” Schultz said. Leaving the vacancy unfilled could affect the court both this year and next, Schultz said, calling on the Senate to act. “The Constitution does not include exemptions for election years or for the president’s last term in office. There’s no exemptions for when a vacancy could tip the balance of the court,” he said. ",1
10823,"Obama: U.S., Southeast Asia can advance 'shared vision' on maritime disputes","RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Monday that the United States and Southeast Asian nations can advance a shared vision of rules and norms for resolving maritime disputes peacefully. Obama made the reference to the South China Sea, where China and several Southeast Asian states have conflicting and overlapping claims, at the beginning of a summit with leaders of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). ",1
10824,Trump vows to sue Cruz over birthplace if 'false ads' stay up,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump blasted close rival Ted Cruz on Monday, threatening to file a lawsuit challenging his eligibility for the White House if the Texas senator does not take down his “false ads.” The New York billionaire, whose campaign has long been littered with insults, called Cruz “totally unstable” and said he is “the single biggest liar I’ve ever come across, in politics or otherwise, and I have seen some of the best of them.” Speaking at a news conference in South Carolina, Trump said     he could “fight back” by bringing a lawsuit against Cruz over the fact that he was born in Canada, which Trump argues makes him ineligible to become president.  “If he doesn’t take down his false ads and retract his lies, I will do so immediately,” he said. Cruz scored a key early victory in the Republican race to pick a nominee for the Nov. 8 presidential election when he won the Iowa caucuses earlier this month, and has been attacking Trump on a range of issues.  Trump said the Republican National Committee should intervene to stop Cruz from misrepresenting his views and policies on issues such as abortion, gun rights, healthcare and potential Supreme Court nominees. He said he had signed a pledge with the RNC agreeing not to run a third-party candidacy, and to support the eventual Republican nominee, and the RNC should do its bit to keep the campaign fair. “The bottom line is the RNC is controlled by the establishment ... and special interests,” Trump told reporters. “I signed a pledge, but it’s a double-edged pledge. As far as I’m concerned, they’re in default on their pledge.” Trump’s remarks, days ahead of Saturday’s Republican primary in South Carolina, came after increasingly bitter exchanges between the two candidates in recent weeks. Cruz has hammered Trump on key issues, and said on Saturday that if elected he would appoint liberals to the Supreme Court. Trump has long said that Cruz may not be constitutionally qualified to serve as president because he was born in Canada. The U.S. Constitution says only “natural born” citizens can become president of the United States. Born in Calgary, Alberta, to a U.S. citizen mother and a Cuban father, Cruz has accused Trump of bringing up his birthplace simply because Cruz is leading some polls. Last month, Cruz said Trump, who led the movement questioning whether the Hawaiian-born President Barack Obama was really from the United States, had asked his lawyers to look into the issue of Cruz’s birth in September and concluded there were no issues.  (Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10825,Asian-American judges among Obama's options as he seeks to replace Scalia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama has a number of likely options as he looks for a nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Saturday. Within a few hours, Obama said he intends to make a nomination, despite Republicans stressing they opposed any appointment being made until after November’s presidential election. The Republican-controlled U.S. Senate would have to approve the nomination. If Obama’s nominee is not confirmed by the Senate, the White House could use the process to energize Democratic voters ahead of the presidential and congressional elections in November. If a Democratic nominee were to replace Scalia it would lead to a sizable shift in the ideological balance of the high court, which has had a conservative majority for decades. Here are some of the possibilities, including two prominent Asian-American judges: Sri Srinivasan Among those the administration could turn to is Sri Srinivasan, 48, who has served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since May 2013. He would be the first Indian-American on the court and has impeccable bipartisan credentials. The Senate confirmed him on a 97-0 vote three years ago. He was a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, now retired, a 1981 appointee of Republican President Ronald Reagan. At Srinivasan’s confirmation hearing, Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz, now a presidential candidate, described himself as a long-standing friend dating back to their time together as law clerks in the U.S. appeals court based in Richmond, Virginia. Cruz said Srinivasan had done a “very fine job” in answering the committee’s questions. During his nomination to the appeals court, prominent Republicans such as former U.S. Solicitor General Ted Olson supported Srinivasan. At his 2013 investiture, leading lights of the legal establishment from both parties praised him. Federal appeals court judge J. Harvie Wilkinson, a Reagan appointee for whom Srinivasan was also a law clerk, called him “lightning smart.” So far on the appeals court, his rulings have not sparked controversy. Jacqueline Nguyen Other names the administration could consider include Jacqueline Nguyen, 50, a Vietnamese-American who has been a judge on the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals since May 2012. The first Asian-American woman to sit on a federal appeals court, she was confirmed by the Senate in 2012 by a 91-3 vote. When she was a child, Nguyen fled South Vietnam with her family toward the close of the Vietnam War in 1975, and then lived in a refugee camp in California. Nguyen was a federal prosecutor and district court judge in Los Angeles before she was elevated to the appeals court. Paul Watford An African-American who is also a judge on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, Paul Watford is another possibility. He was an appellate litigator at the Munger, Tolles & Olson law firm before Obama nominated him to the appeals court in 2011. Watford, 48, clerked for 9th Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski, a libertarian-leaning Republican, and for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, one of Scalia’s colleagues on the Supreme Court.  He was confirmed by a 61-34 vote, as some Republicans raised concerns about Watford’s work as a lawyer on immigration and death penalty cases. Jane Kelly Jane Kelly, a white woman and former public defender who has served on the St. Louis, Missouri-based 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals since April 2013. She was supported by Iowa Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, the chairman of the key committee that would review the nominee.  Kelly, 51, clerked for now-retired Judge David Hansen, a friend of Grassley’s who served on the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. She was confirmed by the Senate on a 96-0 vote. ",1
10826,Obama to nominate Supreme Court justice when Senate returns: White House,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will not rush through a Supreme Court choice to replace Justice Antonin Scalia this week but will wait to nominate a candidate until the U.S. Senate is back in session, the White House said on Sunday. “Given that the Senate is currently in recess, we don’t expect the president to rush this through this week, but instead will do so in due time once the Senate returns from their recess,” White House spokesman Eric Schultz said. “At that point, we expect the Senate to consider that nominee, consistent with their responsibilities laid out in the United States Constitution,” he said. Obama is traveling in California and returns to Washington on Tuesday. The Senate returns from recess on Feb. 22. Making a recess appointment would have been extremely controversial.  The White House declined to give a more specific timeline for Obama to announce his nominee.  For his previous two Supreme Court picks, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, the president took about 30 days each to announce his selection after their predecessors, Justice John Paul Stevens and Justice David Souter, respectively, said they planned to step down. In remarks honoring Scalia on Saturday, Obama made clear he would not succumb to pressure from Republicans to leave the selection of a new justice to his successor.  The president, who leaves office in January 2017, said he would make his choice in due time. “These are responsibilities that I take seriously, as should everyone. They’re bigger than any one party. They are about our democracy,” he said. “They’re about the institution to which Justice Scalia dedicated his professional life, and making sure it continues to function as the beacon of justice that our founders envisioned.” Scalia’s death and the upcoming fight over his replacement gives the White House an unexpected shot at shifting the balance of power on the Supreme Court in what would be a legacy-defining  act during his last year in office. It also keeps the president from slipping quickly into “lame duck” status during an election year. White House officials are unlikely to drag out the process of announcing Obama’s choice. “They should move with dispatch,” said David Axelrod, Obama’s former senior adviser. To rebut Republican arguments, the White House points to a host of previous Supreme Court nominees who have received speedy hearings and votes regardless of which party had control in Congress.   ",1
10827,Senator McCain says could subpoena U.S. sailors held by Iran,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Senator John McCain said on Sunday he would subpoena 10 U.S. sailors to testify about their brief detention by Iran if the Obama administration does not provide the findings of an investigation into the incident by March 1. “It’s an option that I do not want to exercise,” McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, told reporters as he was returning to the United States from an international security conference in Germany.     The sailors were detained by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps after their two patrol boats strayed into Iranian waters on Jan. 12. U.S. officials later blamed a navigational problem.  The Americans were freed the next day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry intervened with Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, averting a diplomatic crisis just days before implementation of the Iran nuclear deal and the lifting of international sanctions on Tehran. Iranian media broadcast videos of the detainees, including scenes in which Revolutionary Guards personnel trained weapons on the sailors as they kneeled. The Obama administration has said the sailors’ speedy release showed the power of diplomacy and the promise of its new engagement with Iran. The U.S. Navy had briefed McCain several times about the incident, and would continue to do so as the investigation proceeded, said one U.S. official. Republicans have been critical of the deal with Iran, and some say the detainment of the sailors showed how little regard Iran had for the United States.     McCain said he had been told the sailors were still being debriefed, but added that he assumed that administration members were “dragging their feet” in completing an investigation into the incident, which he accused Iran of exploiting for propaganda purposes.     “I guarantee you, if they don’t have a debrief by the first of March like they said, we’ll have a hearing and we’ll subpoena. We’re not going to wait any longer,” McCain said. “We will subpoena the individuals if we have to.” McCain said he raised the case in a meeting on Saturday with Kerry on the sidelines of the security conference in Munich. ",1
10828,Indian-American judge who could replace Scalia worked on controversial cases for business,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One possible contender to replace Justice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court is an Indian-American appeals court judge, Sri Srinivasan, who has pro-business credentials and a stellar resume. If he was nominated his background may make it more politically challenging for Republicans as they plan to block anyone put forward by President Barack Obama. Srinivasan, 48, has served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since he was confirmed on a 97-0 bipartisan vote in the U.S. Senate in May 2013. Republican senators who supported him then would likely be asked to justify why they couldn’t back him for the Supreme Court.  Many names are likely under consideration and the White House has not tipped its hand, but recent Supreme Court appointments have tended to be appeals court judges and the appeals court in Washington on which Srinivasan serves has often been a springboard to the high court. Scalia himself served on the court, as did other Supreme Court members Chief Justice John Roberts, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.  The White House said on Sunday that Obama will wait until the U.S. Senate is back in session before making a nomination. The Senate returns from recess on Feb. 22. Republicans have called for Scalia’s seat to remain open so that the next president, who would take office in January 2017, can nominate a replacement. Other judges Obama could consider appointing include Paul Watford, a black man who serves on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, and Jacqueline Nguyen, a Vietnamese-American woman who serves on the same court as Watford. Little is known about Srinivasan’s views on divisive social issues like abortion and affirmative action. But as a senior Justice Department lawyer in 2013, he was part of the legal team that successfully urged the high court to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act, a law that restricted the definition of marriage to heterosexual couples for the purposes of federal benefits. The ruling helped pave the way for the court’s ruling in June 2015 that legalized gay marriage nationwide. Srinivasan could not be reached for comment. In private practice, prior to his appointment to the appeals court, Srinivasan successfully represented former Enron Corp CEO Jeff Skilling in a Supreme Court case. The Supreme Court narrowed the reach of the so-called honest services fraud law, invalidating one theory used by prosecutors for Skilling’s conspiracy conviction and ordering further appeals court review. Despite the high court ruling, Skilling’s conviction was later upheld by an appeals court. Srinivasan also represented Exxon Mobil Corp in a lawsuit alleging human rights abuses in Indonesia, and mining giant Rio Tinto in a similar case about its activities in Papua New Guinea. Both cases concerned in part whether a law called the Alien Tort Statute allows such cases to be heard in U.S. courts. The Exxon case is still ongoing. The Rio Tinto lawsuit was dismissed. His work during two stints with the O’Melveny and Myers law firm prompted expressions of concern from liberal groups and unions that normally back Democratic judicial nominations when he was nominated to the appeals court in 2012. He has had a lengthy career in public service, serving in the Justice Department during both the Obama and George W. Bush administrations. Under Bush he had a junior role, while under Obama he was a political appointee serving as the top deputy to the solicitor general. Srinivasan was born in Chandigarh, India and grew up in Lawrence, Kansas, where his father was a professor at the University of Kansas. If appointed, he would be the first Indian-American to serve on the Supreme Court. He played basketball in high school and then attended Stanford for undergraduate, business and law degrees, yet never lost his allegiance to the University of Kansas Jayhawks. That was a theme of the judicial dignitaries that saluted him at his 2013 investiture for the appeals court, as was the fact that when he was an advocate before the Supreme Court, he carried in his pockets for good luck the socks his twin son and daughter wore when they were newborns. Srinivasan’s bipartisan credentials are lengthy. He was a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor, now retired, a 1981 appointee of Republican President Ronald Reagan. At Srinivasan’s confirmation hearing, he was backed by conservative Texas Republican Senator Ted Cruz, who is now running for president. “We have been friends a long time, so I am hopeful that our friendship will not be seen as a strike against you by some,” Cruz, who is known for having tense relationships with Senate colleagues, joked at the time. A spokesman for Cruz said the senator would not be commenting on any possible Obama nominee, reaffirming that Cruz believes the nomination should be left to the next U.S. president. ",1
10829,Ruling on Supreme Court Justice Scalia's cause of death may take days: judge,"MARFA, Texas (Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s cause of death will not be officially determined for several days, the top official in the Texas county where Scalia died during a hunting trip said on Sunday. Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara said in an interview that she had misspoken when she told local television station  WFAA-TV that Scalia’s death certificate would list the cause of death as a heart attack. (This story corrects spelling of city in dateline to “Marfa,” not “Martha”) ",1
10830,Republican debate draws 13.5 million viewers for CBS: network,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saturday night’s Republican debate on CBS was the most-watched of any in 2016, drawing 13.5 million viewers, the network said on Sunday. The CBS News debate was the most watched of the year so far and the highest rated debate among adults aged 25-54 since January, the network said. In August, the Republican candidates’ prime-time debate on Fox News Channel drew 24 million viewers, more than double the prior record for a presidential primary debate and the highest non-sports telecast in cable TV history, according to Nielsen.  (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10831,Reaction to death of U.S. Justice Scalia,"(Reuters) - Conservative U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has died, setting up a major political showdown between President Barack Obama and the Republican-controlled Senate over who will replace the jurist just months before a presidential election. Following is reaction to Scalia’s death. “For almost 30 years, Justice Antonin ‘Nino’ Scalia was a larger-than-life presence on the bench, a brilliant legal mind with an energetic style, an incisive wit and colorful opinions.” “I plan to fulfill my constitutional responsibilities to nominate a successor in due time. There will be plenty of time for me to do so and for the Senate to fulfill its responsibility to give that person a fair hearing and a timely vote.” “These are responsibilities that I take seriously, as should everyone. They’re bigger than any one party. They are about our democracy. They’re about the institution to which Justice Scalia dedicated his professional life and making sure it continues to function as the beacon of justice that our founders envisioned.” “He was a towering figure and important judge on our nation’s highest court. He brought intellect, good judgment, and wit to the bench, and he will be missed by his colleagues and our country.” “He was an extraordinary individual and jurist, admired and treasured by his colleagues. His passing is a great loss to the Court and the country he so loyally served.” “The American people‎ should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president.” “The president can and should send the Senate a nominee right away. With so many important issues pending before the Supreme Court, the Senate has a responsibility to fill vacancies as soon as possible. It would be unprecedented in recent history for the Supreme Court to go a year with a vacant seat. Failing to fill this vacancy would be a shameful abdication of one of the Senate’s most essential Constitutional responsibilities.” REPUBLICAN SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY, SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN “Given the huge divide in the country, and the fact that this president, above all others, has made no bones about his goal to use the courts to circumvent Congress and push through his own agenda, it only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court justice.” SENATOR PATRICK LEAHY, RANKING DEMOCRAT ON SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE “The Supreme Court of the United States is too important to our democracy for it to be understaffed for partisan reasons. It is only February. The president and the Senate should get to work without delay to nominate, consider and confirm the next justice to serve on the Supreme Court.” “Unless (Obama) can find a consensus choice, the next president will pick the replacement for Justice Scalia ... If we lose the election, Hillary Clinton is going to pick somebody that I wouldn’t pick. I’m telling every conservative now, don’t expect to lose the election and still get your way.” “I think it is too late to nominate someone now. “He (Obama) has every right to nominate but it will be up to the Senate to evaluate that nomination ... and decide whether to move forward with it.” “My hope is that the president will promptly nominate someone with strong intellect and integrity who can win bipartisan support. I will work vigorously as a member of the Judiciary Committee to achieve confirmation.” “The Republicans in the Senate and on the campaign trail who are calling for Justice Scalia’s seat to remain vacant dishonor our Constitution. The Senate has a constitutional responsibility here that it cannot abdicate for partisan political reasons.” “While I differed with Justice Scalia’s views and jurisprudence, he was a brilliant, colorful and outspoken member of the Supreme Court.” “He was a justice who did not believe in legislating from the bench and he is a person whom I held in the highest regard and will always greatly respect his intelligence and conviction to uphold the constitution of our country.” “As liberals and conservatives alike would agree, through his powerful and persuasive opinions, Justice Scalia fundamentally changed how courts interpret the Constitution and statutes, returning the focus to the original meaning of the text after decades of judicial activism.” “One of the greatest honors in my life was to attend oral arguments during Town of Greece v. Galloway and see Justice Scalia eloquently defend religious freedom.” “His logic and wit were unparalleled, and his decisions were models of clarity and good sense. I often said he was my favorite justice because he took the Constitution, and the responsibility of judges to interpret it correctly, with the utmost seriousness.” OHIO GOVERNOR JOHN KASICH, REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE “His death is a serious loss to our nation and the court. He was an essential, principled force for conservative thought and is a model for others to follow.”  “It is imperative that the Senate not allow President Obama to diminish his legacy by trying to nominate an individual who would carry on his wishes to subvert the will of the people.” “I expect they will nominate a replacement and the Senate will refuse to take it up. From a policy standpoint, a lot of knotty decisions that might have been 5-4 will now be tied and, assuming the Senate won’t act, the lower court rulings will stand. That means on immigration, for example, the Fifth Circuit ruling invalidating the president’s order may prevail.” ",1
10832,Obama statement on death of Supreme Court Justice Scalia,"RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. (Reuters) - Following is the full text of remarks from President Barack Obama on Saturday on the death of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. THE PRESIDENT: Good evening, everybody. For almost 30 years, Justice Antonin ‘Nino’ Scalia was a larger-than-life presence on the bench - a brilliant legal mind with an energetic style, incisive wit, and colorful opinions. He influenced a generation of judges, lawyers, and students, and profoundly shaped the legal landscape. He will no doubt be remembered as one of the most consequential judges and thinkers to serve on the Supreme Court. Justice Scalia dedicated his life to the cornerstone of our democracy: the rule of law. Tonight, we honor his extraordinary service to our nation and remember one of the towering legal figures of our time. Antonin Scalia was born in Trenton, New Jersey to an Italian immigrant family. After graduating from Georgetown University and Harvard Law School, he worked at a law firm and taught law before entering a life of public service. He rose from Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel to Judge on the D.C. Circuit Court, to Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. A devout Catholic, he was the proud father of nine children and grandfather to many loving grandchildren. Justice Scalia was both an avid hunter and an opera lover - a passion for music that he shared with his dear colleague and friend, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg. Michelle and I were proud to welcome him to the White House, including in 2012 for a state dinner for Prime Minister David Cameron. And tonight, we join his fellow justices in mourning this remarkable man. Obviously, today is a time to remember Justice Scalia’s legacy. I plan to fulfill my constitutional responsibilities to nominate a successor in due time. There will be plenty of time for me to do so, and for the Senate to fulfill its responsibility to give that person a fair hearing and a timely vote. These are responsibilities that I take seriously, as should everyone. They’re bigger than any one party. They are about our democracy. They’re about the institution to which Justice Scalia dedicated his professional life, and making sure it continues to function as the beacon of justice that our Founders envisioned. But at this moment, we most of all want to think about his family, and Michelle and I join the nation in sending our deepest sympathies to Justice Scalia’s wife, Maureen, and their loving family - a beautiful symbol of a life well lived. We thank them for sharing Justice Scalia with our country. God bless them all, and God bless the United States of America. ",1
10833,Supreme Court vacancy upends presidential race ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The sudden and shocking death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia opened a new and incendiary front in the already red-hot 2016 presidential race, one that promises to divide Democrats and Republicans and, perhaps, Republicans from themselves.  The vacancy on the court, which is now evenly split 4-4 between its conservative and liberal wings, had Republicans calling on President Barack Obama to refrain from choosing a successor to the right-leaning Scalia while Democrats urged Obama to do as the U.S. Constitution requires and put forward a candidate to face confirmation in an albeit hostile Senate. The prospect of such a battle drew swift and furious comment from candidates vying to be elected president in November. Facing off in a debate only hours after the 79-year-old Scalia’s death was announced, some Republican presidential candidates seized the moment to caution voters that their party’s front-runner, billionaire businessman Donald Trump, could not be trusted to nominate a stalwart conservative.  “If Donald Trump is president, he will appoint liberals,” charged U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas during the debate in South Carolina, which holds a Republican nominating contest  next Saturday. “Two branches of government hang in the balance, not just the presidency, but the Supreme Court,” Cruz said. “If we get this wrong, if we nominate the wrong candidate, the Second Amendment, life, marriage, religious liberty, every one of those hangs in the balance.” Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina also took a shot at Trump. “Donald Trump is not a conservative, so I don’t trust him to pick a judge,” Graham said before the debate. A real estate mogul, Trump has supported Democratic politicians in the past. Trump, who also has taken several positions at odds with Republican orthodoxy, joined other candidates at the debate in insisting that Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican majority leader in the Senate, stand by his promise to block any Obama high court choice.  “It’s up to Mitch McConnell and everyone else to stop it,” Trump, a former reality TV show host, said. “It’s called delay, delay, delay.” Under the U.S. system, the president nominates justices for the nine-member court and the Senate confirms them. The last justice to be approved by the Senate of the opposite party during an election year was Justice Anthony Kennedy in 1988.  Obama has already indicated that he intends to send a choice to the Senate in coming weeks, meaning that the nominee will be heavily scrutinized by presidential candidates in both parties - and more than likely be opposed by the majority of Republicans.  “The court may genuinely be a major issue this year,” said David Axelrod, a former top political adviser to Obama. “It will be a hell of a fight.” Criticism of the court, which in recent years has upheld Obama’s sweeping healthcare plan and legalized same-sex marriage, has already been a thread running through several Republican candidates’ campaigns.  The conservative majority on the court had appeared poised to invalidate Obama’s immigration and climate-change policies. The loss of Scalia, considered to be a lodestar of conservative legal thought, and the potential swing of the court to the left, ensures that whatever drama plays out in the Senate this year will be mirrored on the campaign trail. “There is no more clarifying debate in politics these days than when it comes to Supreme Court nominees,” said Jim Manley, a Democratic strategist and former aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. “This now is for all the marbles.” Reid was majority leader of the Senate when it confirmed previous Obama court nominees Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan. Manley called McConnell’s threat not to allow a vote on a potential Scalia replacement “completely beyond the pale.” Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton seemed inclined to make McConnell’s threat a campaign issue.  “The Republicans in the Senate and on the campaign trail who are calling for Justice Scalia’s seat to remain vacant dishonor our Constitution,” Clinton said in a statement.  Axelrod said that the issue could help Clinton, locked in a tight race with U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.  “I think it will make electability and experience in this realm more important,” he said.   Rick Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, and a longtime observer of the Supreme Court nomination process, said Obama likely has two options. “He could nominate a more liberal candidate who would have no real chance of getting through a Republican Senate - in which case this would become a salient political issue in 2016,” Hasen said. Or he could nominate a more moderate candidate who might gain enough Republican support to gain approval, he said.  There are risks to both approaches: A Republican obstruction of a liberal nominee would animate the Democratic Party’s progressive base in an election year but would leave the court without a potentially tie-breaking vote for perhaps a year. That same Democratic base might view a moderate nominee as a betrayal, while conservative Republican voters likely would frown on any senator who voted to approve an Obama choice.  Manley said that McConnell has already shown that he is unwilling to support any choice made by Obama and that the White House must act aggressively. “The president should go forward and nominate the most liberal candidate possible,” he said.  Given the need to fire up its most passionate voters, that might just be exactly what Republican candidates want as well. (This version of the story was refiled to fix the mistyped word “then” to “than” in paragraph 16.)  (Writing by James Oliphant; Reporting by Ginger Gibson and James Oliphant; Additional reporting by Steve Holland and Jeff Mason; Editing by Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10834,"Refusing to sit on lead, Trump gets bitter in Republican debate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump, his face red with emotion, lashed out at rivals Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz on Saturday at the most acrimonious debate to date between Republican presidential candidates, shouting insults and casting aside a pledge to be more measured. The New York billionaire went into the CBS debate with a head of steam, having won New Hampshire last Tuesday and holding a big lead in polls in South Carolina a week before Republicans vote on Feb. 20. Rather than play it safe, Trump responded to every comment leveled his way, interrupted his opponents at will and called them liars repeatedly in an emotional outburst that could raise more questions about whether he has the temperament to serve in the White House.  He made his most blistering attacks against Bush and his brother, former President George W. Bush, who has many admirers in the Republican establishment. It was hard to declare a winner in the debate amid the constant volley of insults, not all of them from Trump. Cruz and fellow Senator Marco Rubio also took pointed jabs at each other over illegal immigration. But Trump dominated the debate conservation on Twitter with 40 percent of the mentions, according to data from the micro-blogging platform. Trump’s combative style has set the tone for much of the campaign but in recent days he had pledged to pursue a more measured, positive approach. At the debate, that strategy lasted only through his comments about Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who was found dead on Saturday. Trump was quickly goaded when Bush criticized Trump’s past statements that Russia has a role to play in Syria. Russia, Bush said, is not attacking Islamic State militants but instead helping Syrian President Bashir Assad, who Washington wants to leave power. Trump blasted Bush’s brother for launching the Iraq war in 2003 over claims, later proven false, that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction. “A big, fat mistake,” said Trump, noting that the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks had also occurred on Bush’s watch. “George Bush made a mistake,” Trump thundered. “We all make mistakes. But that one was a beauty ... They lied! They said there were weapons of mass destruction. And there were none.” Many in the crowd booed Trump and the Republican front-runner dismissed them as “lobbyists and special interests” supporting the former Florida governor. Bush, who has wilted in the past under assault from Trump, stood firm this time. He will campaign with his brother George on Monday in North Charleston, South Carolina. “I’m sick and tired of him going after my family,” Bush said. “My dad is the greatest man alive in my mind. While Donald Trump was building a reality TV show, my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. And I’m proud of what he did. “He had the gall to go after my mother,” Bush said, reminding the audience that Trump had criticized his 90-year-old mother, Barbara Bush, wife of former President George H.W. Bush. “My mother is the strongest woman I know.” “She should be running,” Trump responded. Bush provoked another outburst from Trump by saying the Republican nominee should be someone “who doesn’t brag, for example, that he has been bankrupt four times.” “That’s another lie,” Trump said. “I never went bankrupt.” Trump also was drawn into a fight with Cruz over whether the real estate developer is sufficiently conservative. Trump called himself a “common-sense conservative,” which Cruz dismissed. “If Donald Trump is president he will appoint liberals to the Supreme Court,” Cruz said. “You are the biggest liar,” Trump said sharply. As they tried to talk over each other, Cruz chided Trump by saying, “Donald, adults do not interrupt each other.” Ohio Governor John Kasich, who finished second in the New Hampshire primary last Tuesday and who pushes an optimistic message, called for calm. “These attacks, some of them are personal. I think we’re fixing to lose the election to (Democratic front-runner) Hillary Clinton,” he said. Cruz and Rubio renewed their battle over who is the toughest on illegal immigration with Cruz insisting that the Florida senator, as part of a Gang of Eight senators who sought a compromise on legislation in 2013, was for “amnesty” but now is against it for political purposes. He insisted that Rubio had said in Spanish on Univision that he would not rescind an executive order signed by President Barack Obama in support of the children of illegal immigrants. Rubio shot back: “I don’t know how he knows what I said on Univision because he doesn’t speaking Spanish.” As the crowd roared, Rubio said Cruz is “telling lies... He’s lying about all sorts of things and now he makes things up.” Before the clashes broke out, the Republican candidates urged Obama not to nominate a successor to Scalia, saying it should be up to the next president to decide.   (Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Bill Trott and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10835,Trump would tax Carrier air conditioning units for moving to Mexico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he would impose taxes on Carrier air conditioning units manufactured in Mexico in light of the company’s decision to move production from Indiana, a position in line with his strong opposition to international trade deals. Video of the company’s announcement last week to employees went viral on the Internet, showing emotional reactions to the loss of jobs while a representative of the company explained the move was “strictly a business decision.” Carrier, a manufacturer of air conditioning units, is owned by United Technologies Corp and announced it would be moving 1,400 jobs to Monterrey, Mexico. During Saturday night’s Republican debate, Trump said if he were president, he would approach Carrier officials and give them two choices. “I’m going to tell them, ‘Now I’m going to get consensus from Congress and we’re going to tax you,’” Trump said. “‘So stay where you are [in Mexico] or build in the United States.’ Because we are killing ourselves with trade pacts that are no good for us and no good for our workers.” A central part of Trump’s campaign message has been his opposition to international trade pacts that allow products manufactured overseas to be imported with limited or no tariffs. It’s a policy position that reverberates with middle- and low- income Americans, who have watched manufacturing jobs leave the country in the last several decades. Trump cited the video of the workers, which has more than 2.8 million views on YouTube, at the debate.  “If you saw the people, because they have a video of the announcement that Carrier is moving to Mexico, they were laid off,” he said. “They were crying. It was a very sad situation.”  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Bill Trott) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10836,Senate leader McConnell says wait on replacing Scalia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Saturday that the next U.S. president should be the one to nominate a justice to fill the vacancy left on the Supreme Court by the death of Antonin Scalia. “The American people‎ should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president,” McConnell said in a statement. ",1
10837,Scalia's death set to affect court's rulings in current term,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The death of Justice Antonin Scalia on Saturday means that the normally nine-member U.S. Supreme Court will probably be down to eight when it rules on such divisive issues as abortion, immigration, affirmative action and the power of public-sector unions. With a replacement unlikely to be appointed before the current Supreme Court term ends in June, there is the possibility it will be split 4-4 on a string of rulings. When the court is equally divided, the lower court ruling remains in place but no national precedent is set. Scalia’s death will affect cases that have not yet been argued and those in which arguments were already held but no ruling has been issued. Court experts say that any preliminary votes Scalia took on cases already argued will no longer count. For a graphic of major cases before the court in the current term, see tmsnrt.rs/1Mcg8WN His death could deprive the court’s conservative majority of some major wins, but does not guarantee wins for liberal causes. In the short term, Justice Anthony Kennedy, a conservative who sometimes sides with the four liberals, will still be the key vote. That could change the outcome of a major case argued in January that could affect the influence of public-sector unions. The issue is whether public employees who do not want to join a union can be required to pay “fair share” service fees, which are equivalent to members’ dues, without violating First Amendment rights of free speech and association. Based on the oral arguments, it appeared the conservative majority was ready to vote against the unions. Now, a 4-4 split is a likely outcome, which would hand a win to the unions as that would leave the lower court’s ruling in their favor in place. Similarly, the court in December considered an important affirmative action dispute over whether a University of Texas admissions program that considers the race of some applicants to ensure campus diversity violates the constitutional guarantee of equality. It was unclear based on the oral argument how the court would vote.  Justice Elena Kagan was already recused in that case, so Scalia’s death means there can no longer be a 4-4 split. The liberal wing could now win if Kennedy joins them. That would lead to an unexpected victory for affirmative action advocates. The court has not yet heard oral arguments in three major cases in which Scalia was likely to be a key vote on the conservative wing of the court. On March 2, the court will consider a tough new abortion law in Texas that women’s health providers say infringes upon the constitutional right of women to have an abortion. The law requires clinics carrying out abortions to have costly hospital-grade facilities and requires physicians carrying out abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of where they are operating. It is the court’s first abortion case since 2007. If the court was split 4-4, the law would be upheld. In April, the court is due to weigh President Barack Obama’s bid to resurrect his plan to shield more than four million illegal immigrants from deportation, a unilateral executive action he took in 2014 to bypass the Republican-led Congress. Scalia’s death does not necessarily boost the administration’s chances. Obama’s executive action was blocked by lower courts, meaning a 4-4 split would leave that ruling intact. ",1
10838,Justice Scalia received last rites from Catholic priest at Texas ranch,"(Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia received last rites from a Catholic priest at the Texas ranch where he died, Elizabeth O’Hara, a spokeswoman for the Diocese of El Paso, said on Saturday. Rev. Mike Alcuino, who serves at a parish in Presidio County, Texas, administered last rites to the justice, O’Hara said. ",1
10839,U.S. recovers Hellfire air-to-ground missile from Cuba,"WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - The United States has recovered an inert Hellfire air-to-ground missile that had mistakenly ended up in Cuba, U.S. and Cuban officials said on Saturday. The laser-guided AGM 114 Hellfire mistakenly arrived in Cuba in June 2014 and was retrieved on Saturday by U.S. officials and representatives of Lockheed Martin Corp, the missile’s owner, the Cuban foreign ministry said in a statement. “We can say, without speaking to specifics, that the inert training missile has been returned with the cooperation of the Cuban government,” State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement. Lockheed Martin spokesman Bill Phelps declined comment. The missile had been sent to Europe for a training exercise in 2014 but somehow ended up in Cuba in an embarrassing loss of military technology, the Wall Street Journal reported last month. “The department is restricted under federal law and regulations from commenting on specific defense trade licensing cases and compliance matters, so we cannot provide further details,” Toner said. But he said reestablished diplomatic relations between the two countries have helped the U.S. “engage with the Cuban government on issues of mutual interest.” Cuba said the missile arrived by mistake or mishandling on a commercial flight from Paris and was not listed on the cargo manifest, and that it was discovered by customs inspectors. “Once the U.S. government officially informed the Cuban government that a training missile belonging to the company Lockheed Martin was mistakenly sent to our country and expressed its interest in recovering it, Cuba communicated the decision to hand it over and started arrangements for its return,” the Cuban statement said, without revealing when the United States made the request. A team of U.S. government and Lockheed Martin experts took the missile back to the United States on Saturday, Cuba said. ",1
10840,Loser! Jerk! Insults fly on Republican campaign trail ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For months Republican presidential candidates traded insults such as “dummy,” “jerk” and “loser.” Then, party front-runner Donald Trump repeated a supporter’s description of Ted Cruz as a “pussy.” With the contest for the party’s nomination moving into South Carolina and the stakes rising, it is possible the most disparaging discourse of the Nov. 8 election campaign is yet to come.  The epithets may be characteristic of schoolyard bullies, but there is some evidence that candidates are reveling in the attention they draw. The harshest attacks elicit the biggest responses at rallies, on the Internet and on cable TV. Trump, the billionaire former reality TV star, sent a New Hampshire rally into a frenzy on Monday when he repeated the term “pussy” shouted by a person in the crowd, effectively questioning Cruz’s manliness. Trump went on to win the state’s primary the next day, ahead of the third-place Cruz by a 3-to-1 margin. “It’s one of the reasons I won. You have to be yourself,” Trump said in a television interview on NBC’s Today show. Trump later promised to clean up his foul language and to be more presidential.   History suggests the language could turn even more coarse in the run-up to next Saturday’s Republican nominating contest in South Carolina. It was there that U.S. Senator John McCain of Arizona was accused in 2000 of fathering an illegitimate African-American child, and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney in 2008 of supporting polygamy.  “These adults are acting like elementary children,”  Leslie McRobbie, a former fifth-grade schoolteacher from New Hampshire, said of this year’s Republican contenders.   President Barack Obama, a Democrat, this week spoke of the snark that characterized a Republican race of the past when he recalled that Ronald Reagan was described by rivals as an “unshapely man” and a “yahoo” before his election as president in 1980. Coming off the first nominating contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, the seven remaining candidates for the Republican nomination are under pressure either to break away from the crowd or prevent others from doing so.  Insults can foster that. Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, mocked more than once by Trump as a “low-energy” candidate, has since retaliated by tweeting that Trump was “not just a loser,” but also a “liar and a whiner.” The put-down was re-tweeted nearly 3,000 times and “liked” by more than 4,000 users.   Cruz, responding to Trump’s decision to skip a Fox News-hosted Republican debate, branded his rival “Ducking Donald” and sponsored a special edition filter on picture-sharing app Snapchat that featured a blond-haired duck with an exaggerated pout meant to represent the real-estate mogul. “When we create so much of the modern campaign around the characters that are running, and not on the subjects, the natural byproduct of that is calling people names,” said political scientist Michael Artime. Artime said that while bickering and name-calling have always existed in elections, this cycle has seen a notable uptick in the negative. “In the past, if somebody would’ve said what Trump said the other night, that would have been a very damaging thing to their campaign,” Artime said. “The kind of politics we get is kind of the politics we deserve,” he said.  While many have gleefully or indifferently watched as candidates hurled barb after barb, others have condemned it. “Bullying can be highly instrumental and used for social climbing,” said Bob Faris, associate professor of sociology at University of California-Davis, who studies aggressive behavior in adolescents. “And it works,” he said, “provided that kids target the right kids.” For Trump, perhaps the most blustery of the candidates, the target is constantly changing, his numbers remaining constant in the opinion polls while he assails rivals for being “stupid,” “weak” and “pathetic.” “He does look like a bully,” Faris said. “Donald is a whole new development. I can’t think of a candidate like him.” Presidential historian Mike Purdy, however, cites a precedent in the late Republican President Theodore Roosevelt. “Roosevelt loved more than anything else to be the center of attention, and he had a huge, huge ego,” Purdy said. “They both have a certain amount of ego. They both have trouble controlling their mouths,” Purdy said, likening Roosevelt to Trump. Purdy said Roosevelt called his onetime ally William Howard Taft a “fathead” during the 1912 presidential campaign, and went on to say then-rival Taft, seeking re-election at the time, had the “brains of a guinea pig.” Neither won the race. Purdy noted the attacks also came at the expense of substantive political discourse.  “They’re incredibly personal attacks, and they’re not just attacks just on somebody’s position, they’re attacks about personal characteristics,” he said. “That is part of the civility I think we need to recapture.” On Friday, Trump suggested he agreed. “I do this for effect,” Trump said of his foul language in an interview with WOR Radio in New York. “As we get closer, you will be shocked at how presidential I will be. You will be very proud of me.”  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10841,"Clinton, Sanders clash over Obama as they vie for minority votes","MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders clashed sharply in a debate on Thursday over their support for President Barack Obama, with Sanders accusing Clinton of “a low blow” after she compared him to Republicans. As the Democratic race moves to states with large minority populations, both candidates openly courted black and Hispanic votes during a debate that was far more restrained and cordial than last week’s contentious debate in New Hampshire. In the sharpest exchange of the night, Clinton attacked Sanders for being too critical of Obama, who is extremely popular with the black voters who will play a big role in the outcome in South Carolina and other upcoming nominating contests. “The kind of criticism that we’ve heard from Senator Sanders about our president, I expect from Republicans, I do not expect from someone running for the Democratic nomination to succeed President Obama,” said Clinton, who served as secretary of state during Obama’s first term. “Madam Secretary, that is a low blow,” said Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont. Sanders said he had been an Obama ally in the Senate even if he did not always agree with him. “Do senators have the right to disagree with the president?” Sanders said. Clinton, who has eagerly embraced Obama’s legacy, said Sanders had called Obama weak and a disappointment, and “that goes further than saying we have our disagreements.” With Clinton looking to rebound after her crushing 22-point loss to Sanders in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, the two also differed over healthcare and Wall Street.  Even so, the restrained exchange on Thursday was unlikely to change the trajectory of a race that has intensified dramatically over two weeks. Clinton accused Sanders of misleading Americans on his healthcare. She said his proposal for a single-payer, Medicare-for-all healthcare plan would mean dismantling the program known as Obamacare and triggering another intense political struggle. “Based on every analysis I can find by people who are sympathetic to the goal, the numbers don’t add up,” Clinton told Sanders. “That’s a promise that cannot be kept.” Sanders said he was simply moving to provide what most industrialized countries have - healthcare coverage for all. “We’re not going to dismantle anything,” Sanders said. “In my view healthcare is a right of all people, not a privilege, and I will fight for that.” Sanders also repeated his accusation that Clinton is too beholden to the Wall Street interests she once represented as a U.S. senator from New York, noting her Super PAC received $15 million in donations from Wall Street. “Let’s not insult the intelligence of the American people,” he said. “Why in God’s name does Wall Street make huge campaign contributions? I guess just for the fun of it, they want to throw money around.” Clinton said the donations did not mean she was in Wall Street’s pocket, and noted that President Barack Obama had taken donations from Wall Street during his campaigns. “When it mattered, he stood up and took on Wall Street,” she said. With an eye to on the minority vote, both candidates decried the high incarceration rate of African-Americans and called for broad reforms of the criminal justice system. Sanders said the disproportionately high rate of incarceration for black men was “one of the great tragedies” in the United States. He called for “fundamental police reform” that would “make it clear that any police officer who breaks the law will in fact be dealt with.” Clinton criticized what she called “systemic racism” in education, housing and employment. “When we talk about criminal justice reform … we also have to talk about jobs, education, housing and other ways of helping communities of color,” she said. They both agreed on the need for immigration reform, an important issue to Hispanic voters, though they clashed over the Obama administration’s actions on handling a wave of undocumented children who entered the country alone. Clinton criticized Sanders for voting against a reform measure in 2007, which Sanders defended because of a provision in the bill for guest workers. Clinton entered Thursday’s debate under acute pressure to calm growing nervousness among her supporters after her drubbing in New Hampshire and a razor-thin win the prior week in the Iowa caucus. Both states have nearly all-white populations. For his part, Sanders, who calls himself a democratic socialist, hoped to harness the momentum and enthusiasm he gained from the first two contests and prove he can be a viable contender to lead the Democratic Party to victory in the Nov. 8 presidential election. “What our campaign is indicating is that the American people are tired of establishment politics,” Sanders said. “They want a political revolution.” Clinton dodged an opportunity to distance herself from former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright’s recent controversial comments that there was “a special place in hell” for women who don’t support other women. “Look, I think that she’s been saying that for as long as I’ve known her, which is about 25 years. But it doesn’t change my view that we need to empower everyone, women and men, to make the best decisions in their minds that they can make,” she said. On the foreign policy front, Sanders criticized Clinton for her warm relationship for Henry Kissinger, who served as secretary of state under Republican President Richard Nixon during the Vietnam War. Sanders called Kissinger “one of the most destructive secretaries of state.” Asked by Clinton about who his foreign policy advisers were, Sanders shot back: “Well it ain’t Henry Kissinger.” The race now moves to what should be more favorable ground for Clinton in Nevada and South Carolina, states with more black and Hispanic voters, who, polls show, have been more supportive of Clinton so far.  (Additional reporting by Amanda Becker, Alana Wise and Megan Cassella in Washington; Editing by Leslie Adler) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10842,"From a river town in Slovenia to Trump Tower, and the White House?","SEVNICA, Slovenia (Reuters) - If Melania Trump succeeds Michelle Obama as First Lady, she may trace her road to the White House back to 1987 and a chance encounter in the capital of her native Slovenia. “I was leaving a fashion show in Ljubljana and saw her in front of the building. She was probably waiting for a friend,” said Slovenian photographer Stane Jerko. “She was tall and slim so she caught my eye and I approached her and suggested that she come in for a trial photo shoot.” Jerko says the resulting black-and-white pictures of the 17-year-old known then as Melanija Knavs – round face, bare feet, hair in a ponytail – launched a career that would take her to Milan and the United States, where she met Donald Trump at a party in New York in 1998. Though not quite a tale of rags to riches, the lifestyle she leads as the third wife of the billionaire businessman is a far cry from her roots in Slovenia, a tiny former Yugoslav republic of 2 million people comparable in size to New Jersey and nestled below the Julian Alps between Italy, Croatia, Austria and Hungary.  Residents of the small town of Sevnica in southeastern Slovenia, where Melania grew up on the banks of the River Sava, say her father sold car parts and that her mother worked for a factory that made children’s clothing. She was often seen sewing late into the evening at home. Some media reports have said her father was a member of the then ruling Communist Party, like many other people in socialist Yugoslavia, but Reuters could not independently confirm this. The Trump campaign team offered Reuters a different account of her childhood and career, saying Melania began modelling at the age of five, that her mother was a fashion designer and her father a manager in a car company. “Her father was never a member of the Communist Party,” a spokesperson said.  Since taking a gilded escalator with her husband at his Fifth Avenue Trump Tower skyscraper in June last year when he announced his decision to run for president, Melania has adopted a low profile in his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. She does not appear at his rallies, where Trump occasionally brings out his children instead, though he rarely fails to mention her.  “When I saw whom she married I noticed a number of similarities between Donald Trump and Melanija’s father,” said Mirjana Jelancic, who said she was a childhood friend of Melania. “They have similar features and behaviour and are both hard workers. I think she met a soul mate in him, someone she can feel safe with.” The Knavs family lived in an apartment block, moving when Melania was a teenager to a modest two-storey house above the Sava on the outskirts of Sevnica, where a well-maintained medieval castle sits on a hill overlooking the town of some 4,500 people. Melania’s parents still live in the house, which has a small garden and a few fruit trees, though they spent a lot of time in the United States, where Melania’s sister Ines also lives. The house was empty when Reuters reporters visited and repeated phone calls went unanswered. Jelancic recalled Melania as a model student keen on the arts, geography and history. “She loved reading. She always carried books with her,” said Jelancic. “I also remember she had wall bars at home and trained regularly to keep her body in shape.” “Melanija liked beautiful clothes and knew how to wear them,” said Jelancic, now headmistress at Melania’s former elementary school.  “She liked to give them a personal touch by redesigning them and was very good at upgrading old things. It was clear she would work in fashion though she never said that she wanted to be a model.” “I remember her telling me how she cannot wait to go to Ljubljana where she attended a high school for design. She had a wish to see the world.” It was in Ljubljana that she was discovered and began modelling full-time, coming second place in a 1992 national beauty pageant the year after Slovenia declared independence from Yugoslavia and fought a ten-day war to strike out alone.  “She was shy at first but learnt quickly and showed great interest in every detail of the shoot,” said Jerko. “She was like a sleeping chrysalis that transformed into a glamorous butterfly,” he gushed. The future Mrs Trump did not look back, changing her name to the more easily pronounceable Melania Knauss. No one in Sevnica spoken to by Reuters recalled having seen her there in recent years. She did, however, donate an ambulance to the local health clinic to celebrate the birth of her son, Barron, in 2006, a year after marrying Trump, 24 years her senior.  Some speculated that the town might receive another donation or more publicity if Trump wins the presidency. Those Reuters spoke to would not be drawn on his politics, which are stridently anti-immigration.  Jerko, a youthful 78 years-old with short grey hair and beard, still keeps a file with Melania’s pictures and measurements. “I’m sure she would be happy if her husband became U.S. president. I think she is very proud of his achievements and I believe I had something to do with where she is today.” ",1
10843,Young blacks more open to Bernie Sanders' White House bid,"ORANGEBURG, S.C. (Reuters) - If Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders has a chance of drawing African-American voters away from rival Hillary Clinton in South Carolina’s presidential nominating contest on Feb. 27, his best opportunity will be among the young. African Americans support former Secretary of State Clinton by more than a 3-to-1 margin nationwide, but among young blacks 18 to 29 years old, that margin shrinks to 46 percent for Clinton versus 33 percent for Sanders, according to recent Reuters/Ipsos polling. African Americans overwhelmingly back Democrats, but opinion polls in the run-up to the Nov. 8 presidential election show younger blacks more apt to reject an establishment candidate. They seem less inclined than their parents to reward Clinton for the outreach of her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and more drawn to Sanders’ outspoken views on reducing income inequality, cracking down on Wall Street, and cutting the cost of college. Reuters/Ipsos polling last year showed that 36 percent of blacks between 18 and 29 years old thought the country was on the “wrong track,” compared with 23 percent of blacks who were at least 60 years old. For Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who describes himself as a democratic socialist, this trend could help him chip away at Clinton’s firewall of minority voters in the southern states, after his strong showings against her - especially among the young - in the early Democratic Party contests of Iowa and New Hampshire, both more than 90 percent white. The voting-age population in South Carolina, one of the next stops on the primary trail, is about 67 percent white and 27 percent black, the U.S. Census Bureau says. In Orangeburg, South Carolina, students at the historically black schools of South Carolina State University and Claflin University appeared split this week over which of the two candidates to support. Students praised Clinton’s work on behalf of women and minorities and her years of Washington experience. But many said they also were intrigued by Sanders’ plans to raise taxes on wealthier people and Wall Street firms, provide universal healthcare and offer free public college tuition. “The history is important. But at the same time ... you still need a plan,” said Travis Pascoe, 25, a second-year graduate student at Claflin. He said Sanders’ plans for reducing inequality by taxing the wealthy and expanding Medicare to cover all Americans should resonate with the black community. “I think that would help the black community because we’re the least privileged,” he said.  Eight of 16 students interviewed were undecided voters. Of the eight students whose minds were made up, four students said they planned to vote for Clinton.  Ethel Hillman, 25, a freshman who served in the military before going to college for social work, said she and many of her fellow students were voting for Clinton. She described Sanders as too aloof. “He’s not socially connected, I would say, to the black community,” she said. “He cares from a distance.” South Carolina State’s student center, which houses a bowling center and dining area, has quotes on walls from prominent black leaders, including President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama, singer Michael Jackson and educator Booker T. Washington.  On one wall is a memorial to students killed in the 1968 “Orangeburg massacre,” when protesters were shot by state highway patrol officers on campus amid tensions over racial discrimination. For Sanders, minority voters have been a lingering weakness. He struggled early in his campaign to appeal to black voters. Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement interrupted his speeches, viewing him as out of touch with black issues. To counter that perception, Sanders touted his college civil rights activism, did publicity events with rapper Killer Mike, and on Wednesday met black civil rights leader Al Sharpton in Harlem. Like Clinton, Sanders has sent surrogates to historically black colleges. The writer and activist Cornel West spoke at South Carolina State on Sanders’ behalf, and actress Angela Bassett spoke there in support of Clinton.      Where Sanders is fighting for inroads into the black electorate, Clinton finds a comfort zone. Her campaign has said it believes its road to the nomination would become smoother once it moves south, to places where she and her husband, the former president, have ties to minority leaders. Clinton picked up the endorsement of the Congressional Black Caucus political action committee on Thursday. As the stakes mount in South Carolina, Representative Jim Clyburn, one of the state’s most influential Democrats, said he was considering endorsing a candidate. He did not endorse in Hillary Clinton’s 2008 primary race against Obama, and previously said he would not weigh in this year. His wavering was echoed in the views of several students on the campus of South Carolina State. “I’m kind of caught between Bernie Sanders and Hillary,” said Kelsie Bryant, 19, a sophomore education major at South Carolina State. She said it was important to have a woman president, and she was worried Sanders was too old. But she said his meeting with Sharpton sent a positive signal about his outreach to blacks. Cetris Brooks, 21, a senior biology major at South Carolina State, said that ultimately she was “a little bit more trusting” of Clinton because of what the former first lady meant to her family. She said her parents had long supported Clinton, and her uncle knew the former president. (This version of the story corrects paragraph 11 number of students backing Clinton to four instead of three, adds “political action committee” to paragraph 21)  (Additional reporting by Chris Kahn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10844,"Senate passes 'provocative' China bill, Cruz lifts nominee holds","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Friday backed a plan to name a plaza in front of the Chinese embassy for a pro-democracy dissident after what congressional sources called a tit-for-tat deal that led Senator Ted Cruz to stop blocking President Barack Obama’s diplomatic nominations. By unanimous voice vote, the Senate approved a bill introduced by Cruz, a leading contender for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, to name the plaza in Washington after Liu Xiaobo, a Nobel peace prize winner. “It’s provocative and counterproductive. We strongly urge the U.S. side to stop such actions,” Chinese embassy spokesman Zhu Haiquan said in an emailed statement. Cruz spokesman Phil Novack said the senator had ended his holds on nominees including Obama’s new ambassadors to Norway and Sweden and two top State Department officials. The Senate also confirmed those nominations on Friday. Senate rules allow any member to block a nomination by a procedure known as a “hold.” Cruz had imposed the holds last year after Washington and other world powers reached a deal with Iran in which it agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Novack said Cruz lifted his holds because he had successfully drawn attention to what he considers deep problems with the nuclear pact. He declined comment on whether there was an agreement over the plaza bill. “I am not going to comment or say anything about process,” Novack said. Several Senate sources, including high-level Republicans and Democrats knowledgeable about the process, said Cruz had dropped the holds after Obama’s fellow Democrats said they would not oppose the plaza-naming measure. Novack said the issues “go hand in hand” in that China and Iran are both criticized for rights violations. A White House spokesman said Obama’s senior advisers would recommend that he veto the bill, adding: “While we continue to impress upon China the imperative of respecting human rights and releasing Liu Xiaobo, as well as other political prisoners, we do not believe Senator Cruz’s ploy to rename a street in Washington, DC is an effective way to achieve either goal.” The nominees held by Cruz and confirmed Friday included Brian Egan to be State’s Legal Advisor, Thomas Shannon as Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, Azita Raji to be Ambassador to Sweden, Samuel Heins to be Ambassador to Norway, John Estrada to be Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago and David McKean as Ambassador to Luxembourg. ",1
10845,"Trump, Bush and Cruz to be elbow-to-elbow at CBS debate ","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nearly all the U.S. Republican presidential candidates will take the stage at CBS News’ televised debate on Saturday, with Donald Trump flanked by rivals Ted Cruz and Jeb Bush, the network said. It will be the ninth televised debate for Republican candidates seeking to represent the party in the November presidential election amid a thinning field that once had more than a dozen candidates.  The debate in Greenville, South Carolina, comes as the remaining seven candidates aim to gain momentum heading into the  state’s primary on Feb. 20. CBS said front-runner Trump will take center stage flanked by Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas, and Bush, a former governor of Florida, making for a potentially heated event between the three men who have had testy exchanges during the campaign.    Former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore did not meet the network’s criteria to be included, according to the CBS announcement.  (Reporting by Susan Heavey and Megan Cassella) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10846,Former Virginia Governor Gilmore drops Republican presidential bid,"(Reuters) - Former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore ended his long-shot campaign for the Republican presidential nomination on Friday after dismal showings in the first two contests in the race. Gilmore announced his decision to quit the race in a Facebook post. His departure leaves six candidate vying for the Republican nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the next contest on Feb. 20 in South Carolina. Billionaire businessman Donald Trump won the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday and has a double-digit lead in opinion polls over Texas Senator Ted Cruz for South Carolina contest, according to a Real Clear Politics average of polls. Gilmore, 66, entered the race in July but he made few campaign appearances by comparison to his rivals, and his candidacy never gained traction. He managed vote totals of less than 1 percent in the Iowa caucuses earlier this month and the New Hampshire primary. Gilmore, who briefly sought the 2008 Republican nomination before dropping out, served one term as Virginia’s governor, from 1998 to 2002, and was the chairman of the Republican National Committee in 2001.  (Reporting by Eric Beech in Washington; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10847,U.S. and Cuba to sign aviation pact on Feb. 16,"(Reuters) - Top U.S. officials will travel to Havana on Feb. 16 to sign an aviation pact that restores scheduled airline service between the United States and Cuba for the first time in more than 50 years, the U.S. Transportation Department said on Friday. The signing brings into effect an arrangement the Cold War foes agreed upon on Dec. 16. U.S. airlines still must apply for permission from U.S. regulators to fly specific routes before they sell tickets to Cuba.  While charter flights already connect the countries, the accord is expected to increase tourism and business on the communist-ruled island. Airlines expect a gradual payout from the arrangement as well. U.S. Transportation Department Secretary Anthony Foxx and Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs Charles Rivkin will participate in the signing, the Transportation Department said in a news release. ",1
10848,Kristie Kenney named State Department's new counselor,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Kristie Kenney, a former U.S. ambassador to Thailand, the Philippines and Ecuador, was named on Friday as the State Department’s new counselor, succeeding Tom Shannon, who has been confirmed as under secretary of state for political affairs. Kenney’s appointment makes her one of the most senior women foreign service officers in the United States, Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement naming her to the position. Shannon’s nomination had been delayed mainly by Senator Ted Cruz’s opposition to the Iran nuclear deal reached last July by six major world powers, including the United States, and Iran.         ",1
10849,"Congress passes tougher North Korea sanctions, sends bill to Obama","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed legislation on Friday broadening sanctions to punish North Korea for its nuclear program, human rights record and cyber crimes, and sent the measure to President Barack Obama to sign into law. Lawmakers said they wanted to make Washington’s resolve clear to Pyongyang, but also to the United Nations and other governments, especially China, North Korea’s lone major ally and main business partner. The package includes sanctions targeting North Korea and  “secondary sanctions” against those who do business with it. The vote was 408-2, following a 96-0 vote in the Senate on Wednesday. Impatient with what they see as Obama’s failure to respond to North Korean provocations, many of his fellow Democrats as well as the Republicans who control Congress have been clamoring for a clampdown since Pyongyang tested a nuclear device in January. Pressure for congressional action further intensified after last weekend’s satellite launch by North Korea. Obama is not expected to veto the bill, given its huge support in Congress. White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters on board Air Force One that the administration was “deeply concerned” about North Korea’s recent actions and would not oppose the legislation. “We’re philosophically and intellectually in the same place as the Congress on this,” Schultz said. The legislation would sanction anyone who engages in, facilitates or contributes to North Korea’s proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, arms-related materials, luxury goods, human rights abuses, activities undermining cyber security and the provision of materials for such activities. Penalties include seizure of assets, visa bans and denial of government contracts. Unusually, the measure makes most of the sanctions mandatory instead of giving the president the option to impose them. He can temporarily waive them by making the case that doing so would threaten national security. The House had backed the sanctions measure 418-2 in January, but the Senate included some new provisions, including cyber security measures, in its version, sending it back to the House. ",1
10850,Obama will not block North Korea sanctions bill: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday it will not oppose legislation approved by Congress to expand sanctions against North Korea after it recently conducted a rocket launch and a nuclear test. “Like many members of Congress, the administration is deeply concerned about North Korea’s recent actions and the serious setback that this test represents,” White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters in a briefing. “We’re philosophically and intellectually in the same place as the Congress on this,” Schultz said. ",1
10851,"Michigan governor, EPA to testify at House panel on Flint","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder will testify on the Flint drinking water crisis at a House of Representatives oversight panel next month, aides for the committee said on Friday. The panel earlier this month held its first hearing into Flint’s lead-laced drinking water, which thousands of children are believed to have ingested since April 2014. Democrats had complained that Snyder, a Republican, had not been invited to that hearing.  The committee has also invited Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy to testify at next month’s hearing. Susan Hedman, the former EPA Midwest chief who resigned earlier this month, was also invited. The exact date in March for the hearing has not been set yet.  ",1
10852,"Biden, Poroshenko discuss reforms needed in Ukraine: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko spoke by phone for the second consecutive day on Friday to discuss the need for Kiev to quickly pass reforms needed for a $17.5 billion International Monetary Fund bailout. “The two leaders agreed on the importance of unity among Ukrainian political forces to quickly pass reforms in line with the commitments in its IMF program, including measures focused on rooting out corruption,” the White House said. ",1
10853,House seen passing North Korea sanctions bill Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives will vote on Friday on legislation broadening sanctions against North Korea that is expected to pass with overwhelming support, sending the measure to the White House for President Barack Obama to sign into law. The House backed the sanctions measure 418-2 in January, but the Senate included some new provisions, including cybersecurity measures, in the version of the bill that it passed 96-0 on Wednesday, sending it back to the House. The proposed sanctions come after a satellite launch seen by Washington and its allies as cover for development of ballistic missile technology that could be used to deliver a nuclear weapon. House Speaker Paul Ryan said the House would consider the amended version of the bill this week, and aides said the vote would likely take place on Friday morning. “We have moved one step closer to a new round of North Korea sanctions,” Ryan told reporters in his weekly news conference. Obama is not expected to veto the bill, given its huge support in Congress. Ben Rhodes, his deputy national security adviser, said the White House would review the measure but does not oppose Congress’ efforts. “I think this is an area where we and Congress are in the same space and agree on the need for increased sanctions,” Rhodes told an event at the Center for American Progress on Thursday. ",1
10854,Louisiana governor says state's finances in dire situation,"(Reuters) - Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards presented a dire picture of the state’s fiscal situation on Thursday, urging lawmakers to consider a set of budget cuts and revenue-raising measures, including tax increases. Edwards made his remarks before state legislators convene for a special session on Sunday to hash out how to fix the budget woes. The state is contending with a $940 million budget deficit for the current fiscal year and a $2 billion projected deficit for the next fiscal year starting in July. “This is a historic fiscal crisis, the likes of which our state has never seen,” Edwards said during Thursday’s televised address. He warned that the state’s public colleges and universities will face “catastrophic cuts over the next four months.” Louisiana is at risk of not being able to pay student scholarships that have already been awarded, and some campuses will be forced to cancel classes, even file for bankruptcy. “If you are a student attending one of these universities, it means that you will receive a grade of incomplete, many students will not be able to graduate,” said Edwards. “You can say farewell to college football next fall.” The governor also warned that the state’s healthcare system was “on the verge of imploding.” Without new revenues, hospitals that care for a significant portion of poor and under-insured patients would close in places like Lake Charles, Alexandria and Bogalusa. “I don’t say this to scare you. But I am going to be honest with you. No more tricks. No more smoke and mirrors,” said Edwards, a Democrat who took office last month. Louisiana’s former Governor Bobby Jindal had signed a “no tax” pledge, which handicapped the state from raising new revenues. Edwards on Thursday juxtaposed Louisiana’s finances when Jindal took office in 2008 - when the state enjoyed a $1 billion surplus - to today, when the state is facing a looming $2 billion projected deficit. The budget problems in Louisiana, a big oil-producing state, stem in part from the global drop in oil prices, in addition to the state’s reliance in recent years on one-time money and lower-than-expected revenues.  Edwards has proposed several budget fixes, including a 1-cent sales tax hike and increases to alcohol and cigarette taxes. He would freeze hiring for state workers, reduce state contracts, and cut $160 million of state funding. He has also proposed tapping $128 million from the rainy day fund and $200 million from non-coastal BP payments to reduce the current year deficit. ",1
10855,House panel approves plan to privatize air traffic control,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives panel approved legislation to privatize the U.S. air traffic control system on Thursday as part of a six-year bill to authorize funding for the Federal Aviation Administration. Democrats failed in their attempt to amend the legislation to retain the flight service as part of the FAA.  By a 32-26 vote along party lines, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee sent the measure to the floor for consideration by the full House. Republicans, including committee Chairman Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania, say air traffic control must be transferred to the private sector to protect the system from deficit reductions and government shutdowns and to ensure timely upgrade of decades-old technology. “Our proposal ensures that the air traffic organization can operate as a high-tech service provider, not as a huge bumbling bureaucracy,” Shuster said at a hearing to mark up the legislation for full House consideration.  The failed Democratic amendment to keep air traffic control within the FAA would have made FAA funding mandatory, protecting it from political squabbles over the budget. It would also have required reforms to ensure adequate controller staffing and the more efficient FAA adoption of new technology. “The only guarantee with privatization is years of transition costs and litigation,” said Representative Peter DaFazio, the top Democrat on the committee, who had introduced the amendment. “Regrettably, including this controversial proposal in this legislation is likely to hold up enactment of the rest of the bill.”  The committee also rejected a proposed Democratic amendment that would have lifted existing restrictions on the ability of the U.S. Transportation Department to regulate air shipments of lithium batteries, seen by safety experts as dangerous fire hazards when transported as cargo.                 Over the objections of Democrats, the panel approved a measure directing the FAA to authorize package delivery by commercial drones within a year and to establish a pilot program for testing a traffic management system for unmanned aircraft.  The FAA expects to issue commercial drone regulations late this summer, but drone advocates fear the rules will not accommodate sophisticated technologies needed for package delivery.   Also accepted was a Republican amendment to encourage Uber-style flight sharing by allowing private pilots to use the Internet to find multiple passengers willing to share flight expenses.        ",1
10856,"Obama to sign customs, trade enforcement bill into law: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will sign into law a bill that will strengthen trade enforcement rules and provide new tools to address currency manipulation, the White House said on Thursday. The legislation, known as the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, was part of a package of trade legislation originally presented to Congress in June. ",1
10857,Senate panel to hear from U.S. antitrust bosses,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate Judiciary Committee’s antitrust subcommittee will hear from the top U.S. antitrust bosses next month to discuss a wave of big mergers over the past year, according to a staffer briefed on the hearing. The Justice Department’s Bill Baer, the assistant attorney general for the antitrust division, and Edith Ramirez, chairwoman of the Federal Trade Commission, will testify, the staffer said. The two divide the work of antitrust enforcement. The hearing will be March 9 at the Senate Judiciary Committee’s antitrust panel, which is headed by Senator Mike Lee, a Republican from Utah. One matter that will be taken up is the FTC’s use of Section Five, a portion of its authority that it uses to investigate companies which urge rivals to collude with them on price. The agencies are looking at a startling number of major, controversial mergers. The Justice Department is investigating two large insurance mergers - Aetna Inc (AET.N) buying Humana Inc (HUM.N) and Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) buying Cigna Corp (CI.N) - to insure they comply with antitrust law. It is also looking at Halliburton Co’s (HAL.N) purchase of Baker Hughes Inc BHI.N, among a long list of other deals. The FTC is suing Staples Inc SPLS.O in hopes of stopping it from buying Office Depot Inc (ODP.O). It also said in late 2015 that it aimed to stop three mergers of medical centers, one in West Virginia, another in Chicago and a third in Pennsylvania. ",1
10858,Defense Department promises plan to defeat Islamic State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Defense will soon submit a plan to Congress on how to defeat Islamic State, a defense official said on Thursday, four days before a deadline.  The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a defense policy bill President Barack Obama signed into law in November, required the administration to submit its strategy for defeating the militant group to lawmakers by Feb. 15. Republican congressional leaders said on Thursday they had had no indication that the report was imminent despite the short time remaining before the deadline. “We are aware of the report and are actively working with multiple interagency offices to complete this legal requirement per the NDAA and look forward to submitting the completed report to Congress in the near-term,” the Department of Defense official said on condition of anonymity, in an emailed statement. Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, issued a statement earlier Thursday calling on Obama, a Democrat, to submit by Monday a “real, comprehensive strategy” for defeating Islamic State. The United States is leading a military campaign against the militant Islamist group, which has seized swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq. Republicans in Congress have sharply criticized Obama for failing to defeat Islamic State, saying he mistakenly underestimated the threat it posed, allowing it to gain strength. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter started talks in Brussels on Thursday with more than two dozen defense ministers, pressing allies to contribute to the effort. ",1
10859,Obama says confident in legal footing after Supreme Court carbon decision,"ATHERTON, Calif./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday called the Supreme Court’s decision to delay implementation of his administration’s Clean Power Plan “unusual” and expressed confidence that the White House would prevail. “We’re very confident that we’re on strong legal footing here,” he told a group of Democratic donors in California in his first public remarks about the move. In Washington, Gina McCarthy, Obama’s head of the Environmental Protection Agency, told state energy and environmental regulators that the ruling “is not going to slow us down.” The Supreme Court on Tuesday delivered a blow to the plan, the centerpiece of Obama’s climate change policy and backbone of his administration’s commitment to cut greenhouse gas emissions pledged last year in Paris. Obama said the Supreme Court had in fact required the EPA to regulate carbon emissions under the Clean Air Act if they were shown, as scientists had, to be harmful to public health. He said some people had commented to him in recent days that the Supreme Court’s decision had struck down the Clean Power Plan. “That’s not true. So don’t despair, people,” he said. McCarthy told state regulators tasked with complying with the rule she is confident the plan will survive the legal challenges and tried to boost morale among the officials. “I want you to do as I am doing,” McCarthy told the crowd. “Pick myself up, rededicate myself and tell the people in this country that we are there to serve them,” she said, while shaking her fists in the air. The Supreme Court stay was a “small pause” in what has been a years-long effort of the EPA and states to get the Clean Power Plan off the ground, she said. The plan was designed to lower carbon emissions from U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. The Supreme Court ordered a delay in implementation until legal challenges to the regulation are completed.  “This Supreme Court has said the Environmental Protection Agency is required to regulate carbon emissions if it’s a threat to the public health. And we clearly can show that that’s the case,” Obama said. Fighting climate change is critical to the president’s legacy as he completes his final year in office. ",1
10860,Longtime Trump advisor Scavino appointed his social media director,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A campaign advisor and longtime employee of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been appointed his social media director, the campaign said on Thursday.  Dan Scavino, who was executive vice president and general manager at the Trump Organization, the Republican frontrunner’s real estate company, from 2003 to 2013, has worked directly with Trump on social media strategy in his bid to become president.  Trump has actively used social media platforms such as Twitter Inc and Facebook Inc to reach his supporters, often launching personal attacks on those who cross paths with him or simply retweeting his fans. So far, the real estate mogul has had some success with that approach, receiving the biggest share of mentions on Twitter during Republican presidential debates. During Saturday’s debate, he garnered 33 percent of the social conversation, according to Twitter.  While social media traction doesn’t necessarily translate to votes, it can indicate overall interest in a candidate. Trump finished first in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday and second in last week’s Iowa caucuses. The candidate will continue to tweet for himself despite Scavino’s new role, said Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign.  Scavino, who tweets under the handle @DanScavino, has more than 51,000 followers on Twitter. Many of his tweets are jabs at Trump’s competitors.  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Bernadette Baum) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10861,State Dept. subpoenaed documents from Clinton Foundation: report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. State Department investigators last year issued a subpoena to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation seeking documents about projects run by the charity that may have required U.S. government approval when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, the Washington Post reported on Thursday. A U.S. official said the matter was being investigated by the Inspector General, the State Department’s internal watchdog. Citing unnamed sources for the report, the Post said the subpoena issued in the fall also asked for records related to senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, who for six months in 2012 simultaneously worked for several employers including the State Department, the foundation, and Clinton’s personal office. The report follows a Reuters investigation last year that found the Clinton Foundation’s flagship health project did not submit new or increased payments from at least seven foreign governments to the State Department for review, in breach of the ethics agreement Clinton signed with the incoming Obama administration in order to become secretary of state. Clinton, who is running for the Democratic nomination in the Nov. 8 presidential election, has been criticized for using a private email account hosted on a private computer while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, a matter the FBI is investigating. Spokesmen for Clinton’s campaign and the Clinton Foundation and a lawyer for Abedin did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment. A spokesman for the Inspector General also declined to comment. The Post quoted an unnamed foundation representative as saying the initial document request had been narrowed by investigators and that the foundation was not the focus of the probe. It said there was no indication that the investigators were looking at Clinton. “The full scope and status of the inquiry, conducted by the State Department’s inspector general, were not clear from the material correspondence reviewed by the Washington Post,” the paper said. Sources familiar with investigations into the controversy surrounding Clinton’s private email server said they had no reason to believe any government agency was conducting any kind of inquiry into possible criminal violations related to the former secretary of state. ",1
10862,Congress approves permanent Internet access tax ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday passed legislation placing a permanent ban on states’ taxing Internet access, sending the measure to President Barack Obama for signing into law. By a vote of 75-20, the Senate gave final approval to a bill toughening enforcement of U.S. duties on foreign goods, which contains the permanent extension of the “Internet Tax Freedom Act.” The measure also would ban some taxes on digital goods and services and will put an end to a series of temporary extensions on the tax prohibitions. “Most Americans pay $0 in taxes to connect to the Internet. And thanks to a bill that passed today, you will never have to pay taxes just to get online, or pay more taxes for goods and services just because they’re bought online,” Democratic Senator Ron Wyden said in a statement. The legislation, however, fails to address calls for better enforcement of state sales tax collections related to Internet purchases, something that brick-and-mortar businesses have long sought. Separate legislation on this could be considered by Congress later this year, according to Senate aides. Most U.S. states have imposed sales taxes on online purchases, but the actual collection is spotty. ",1
10863,Obama to nominate acting Education Secretary King to fill post permanently,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will officially nominate acting Education Secretary John B. King to fill the post permanently, he said in a statement on Thursday, urging the Senate to quickly confirm King for the job. King has been the acting secretary since the beginning of the year, after Arne Duncan stepped down from the post. The White House had said in January that it was unclear whether the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress would confirm King in the year remaining in Obama’s presidency. ",1
10864,George W. Bush to make first appearance for brother Jeb,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican George W. Bush on Monday will seek to generate a fresh burst of enthusiasm for his brother Jeb Bush’s White House bid in South Carolina, marking the former president’s first appearance on the campaign trail this year. George W. Bush will appear with his younger brother at a rally in North Charleston, S.C., the Jeb Bush campaign said on Thursday.  The 6 p.m. EST event will be held at the North Charleston Coliseum and Convention Center. The 69-year-old former president is highly popular in the Republican Party, particularly among South Carolina Republicans, who supported his 2000 and 2004 races for president. George W. Bush’s decision to go to war in Iraq in 2003 remains a topic of debate in the race to find a successor to President Barack Obama, with Republican front-runner Donald Trump noting that he had opposed the war. Bush’s image has improved among Americans in the years since he left office in 2009. A CNN/ORC poll last June found that 52 percent of adults had a favorable impression of him, compared with about a third of Americans when he left office. The Bush campaign believes the ex-president can have a positive impact in South Carolina, which has a sizable number of U.S. military facilities and military veterans who have supported the former commander-in-chief. It will be the most public role George W. Bush has taken to date in his brother’s campaign. Jeb Bush, whose father was also president, played down his famous family roots for most of last year in his pursuit of the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, but in need of a boost, he has been relying more heavily on his family ties. His 90-year-old mother, Barbara Bush, campaigned with him last week in New Hampshire. George W. Bush has headlined several private fundraisers for him and reporters were allowed in at one of them, in Houston last October. On Wednesday his voice was heard on a radio ad in South Carolina. “We need a strong leader with experience, ideas and resolve. There’s no doubt in my mind that Jeb Bush will be a great commander-in-chief for our military,” the former president says in the ad. Jeb Bush has drawn large crowds during his appearances in South Carolina on Wednesday and Thursday after experiencing something of a comeback with a fourth place finish in New Hampshire. He has some ground to make up in South Carolina, however,  with Trump enjoying a big lead there ahead of the Feb. 20 primary vote. “President Bush has been incredibly supportive of his brother’s campaign and Governor Bush is excited to have him out on the trail,” said Bush spokeswoman Kristy Campbell.  (Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Steve Orlofsky) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10865,Obama carbon plan will survive court ruling: EPA,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan will survive despite the Supreme Court’s decision this week to stay a rule on cutting carbon emissions from electricity generators, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency said on Thursday. The ruling to freeze a major element of the plan “is not going to slow us down,” EPA chief Gina McCarthy said at a meeting of state energy and environmental regulators in her first public comments since the court’s ruling.  ",1
10866,Black U.S. lawmakers group endorses Clinton White House bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was endorsed  by the Congressional Black Caucus on Thursday, a much-needed boost to her campaign as it competes for the important black voting bloc in South Carolina’s primary this month. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, have built strong ties to the African-American community over the past decades. Several lawmakers cited Clinton’s long history of not only working on issues important to black Americans, but on getting Democrats elected and advancing the party’s agenda.  “Mrs Clinton has demonstrated her leadership skills. She has labored in various capacities all of her adult life and now she is ready to serve our country by occupying the highest office in our country,” said U.S. Representative G.K. Butterfield. The group’s backing will be important as Clinton seeks to recover from Tuesday’s stinging loss to U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in the New Hampshire primary. Black voters make up a large bloc in the Democratic primary in South Carolina and will be increasingly significant to the Democrats as the presidential contest moves from Iowa and New Hampshire to more demographically diverse states. The Congressional Black Caucus Political Action Committee planned to send a dozen members to South Carolina to campaign for Clinton over the weekend in advance of the state’s Feb. 27 Democratic primary. Sanders, fresh off his victory in New Hampshire, had breakfast on Wednesday with one of America’s most prominent civil rights activists, Rev. Al Sharpton, recognizing the need to broaden his base to mount a long-term challenge to Clinton. U.S. Representative James Clyburn, an influential African American from South Carolina, declined to make a personal endorsement before the caucus announcement in Washington.  Appearing on CNN Thursday morning, Clyburn praised Sanders’ voting record and had no criticism of the U.S. senator from Vermont.  But his comments suggested he was leaning toward Clinton, whom he credited with significant contributions to issues important to black Americans, particularly universal access to health care and children’s issues. Butterfield was more pointed in alluding to Sanders, who promises universal health care and free college tuition. “We need a president who doesn’t simply campaign and just promise wonderful things but things that are politically impossible to achieve,” he said at the caucus announcement.   (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Alistair Bell) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10867,Former Senator Webb rules out independent presidential bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Virginia Senator Jim Webb, who dropped his bid for the Democratic Party presidential nomination last October, told a Texas foreign affairs group on Thursday that he had studied an independent bid for the White House and decided against it. “We looked at the possibility of an independent candidacy. Theoretically it could be done, but it is enormously costly and time sensitive, and I don’t see the fundraising trajectory where we could make a realistic run,” Webb told the World Affairs Council of Dallas, according to a statement from his spokesman. In his speech to the council, Webb called for a vigorous foreign policy debate in the presidential campaign and said neither political party appeared to be addressing the needs of most voters. “We have not had a clear statement of national security policy since the end of the Cold War,” he said. “And I see no one running for president today who has a firm understanding of the elements necessary to build a national strategy.” Webb is a decorated war veteran who served in the Vietnam War and was Navy secretary during the administration of Republican President Ronald Reagan. He is the author of 10 books and an Emmy award-making journalist and filmmaker.    Webb ended his bid for the Democratic nomination in October after only four months, acknowledging his more conservative political views were out of sync with many of the party’s leaders and primary voters. He indicated at the time that he planned to review his options and talk to people and groups who have urged him to run for president as an independent candidate. “I’ve worked with both parties, including as an official in the Reagan administration and as a Democrat in the Senate. Both parties, in my view, have moved away from the major concerns of the average American,” he told the World Affairs Council of Dallas. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here).  (Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Doina Chiacu, Grant McCool and Bernard Orr) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10868,House Speaker Ryan: Not enough support for TPP vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he does not see enough support to bring the Trans-Pacific Partnership up for a vote in the chamber, adding that the Obama administration must do more to persuade lawmakers to accept the trade deal. “I don’t think the votes are there right now because of the concerns about what’s in the TPP,” Ryan told reporters at his weekly news conference. ",1
10869,Puerto Rico senate approves bill to restructure utility PREPA,"(Reuters) - The Puerto Rico senate has approved the PREPA Revitalization Act, intended to restructure the country’s debt-laden power utility, a spokesman for PREPA said.  The bill now moves to the Puerto Rico House of Representatives, which would need to approve it before it could become law. “This legislation provides PREPA with critical tools to make PREPA the modern utility that Puerto Rico needs and deserves,” the company said in a statement on Wednesday. PREPA, with more than $8 billion in debt, reached a restructuring deal in December with about 70 percent of its creditors.  That deal hit a roadbump in January when Puerto Rico’s lawmakers failed to meet a Jan. 22 deadline to pass necessary legislation. However, the agency and bondholders agreed to extend a crucial deadline to Feb. 16. ",1
10870,"U.S. can still hit climate goals despite Supreme Court pause, White House says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House vowed Wednesday that the United States would still meet international commitments to cut carbon emissions, seeking to allay concerns that the Supreme Court might take away one of its main weapons against climate change.   The court dealt a blow on Tuesday to the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan, which would steer electricity plants away from burning coal to cleaner fuel sources, delaying its implementation until all legal challenges are decided.  But the White House said it remained confident it would ultimately win the lawsuits brought by industry groups and 29 states opposed to the plan.  And White House spokesman Eric Schultz said the administration has an array of tools available to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to rising global temperatures. He cited the long-term extension of tax credits for renewable energy that were enacted in last year’s budget deal as an example of other policy measures driving the power sector’s shift to cleaner energy. “The inclusion of those tax credits is going to have more impact over the short term than the Clean Power Plan,” Schultz said. Still, the court-ordered pause that could push a final legal ruling back a year or more and onto the desk of the next president raised questions about the U.S. ability to deliver on pledges made at December’s Paris climate talks.  The Paris accord requires countries to set and meet their own national targets to reduce carbon emissions, and the United States presented the Clean Power Plan as a major step to shrink power plant emissions to 32 percent below 2005 levels over the next 15 years.  The prospect of a legal delay and possible rejection of the plan rattled some environmental groups and foreign governments that have embraced the Paris formula. Outgoing French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, who was praised for his smooth chairmanship that brought about a deal in Paris, was quoted by French government officials saying the Supreme Court’s move was “not good news.” But other observers, noting the endemic gyrations of global climate politics over the past two decades, warned against panic over the court’s move. “No country naively made an agreement with the United States on the basis of one or two of its policies,” said Robert Orr, special adviser on climate change to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. “The Paris agreement wasn’t about what commitments were extracted from one country and whether they can be lived up to,” Orr said. “It was a recognition by all the major countries that it is in their own best interest to solve this problem.” Michelle Patron, formerly a top adviser to Obama’s National Security Council on energy and climate issues, said she expected other signatories to the climate deal to take the U.S. news in stride. “Our partners are well aware of the legal tests and hurdles that our policies now have to go through, and they’ve seen it before,” Patron said, describing climate diplomats as having a “sophisticated” level of knowledge about the U.S. political system. Market reaction seemed to reflect a similar long view. Coal companies have blamed clean air regulations for the collapse of much of the domestic industry in recent years, even though much of the power sector’s shift from coal to natural gas has been driven by low prices for the latter.  Coal stocks rose quickly in early trading Wednesday after the court’s move. But after jumping nearly 7 percent early in the session, the Thomson Reuters U.S. coal index was down 3 percent in afternoon trading, reflecting the deeply ingrained skepticism about the long-term prospects for coal. “Whenever you get a rally in these stocks initially it’s from short-covering that helps propel the stock,” said King Lip, chief investment officer at Baker Avenue Asset Management in San Francisco. “But people start realizing it’s still very difficult for a lot of these companies because they’re so leveraged. They come back to Earth and the selling starts to pick up again. That’s what you saw today with some of these coal stocks.” ",1
10871,"Despite carbon ruling, White House says U.S. can meet climate deal goals","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House promised on Wednesday that it would be able to uphold U.S. commitments to an international climate change agreement, as a court ruling heightened concerns about the stability of the global carbon reduction pact reached last year. Shares of coal companies reflected the uncertainty the day after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling. After jumping nearly 7 percent early in the session, the Thomson Reuters U.S. coal index was down 3 percent in afternoon trading.  The court dealt a serious blow to the Obama administration’s climate change agenda on Tuesday when it took the unusual step to delay implementation of the Clean Power Plan until legal challenges to the regulation are completed. A centerpiece of the Obama administration’s climate change policy, the Clean Power Plan was designed to lower carbon emissions from U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels.  The decision to temporarily block the rule came after the United States entered into a landmark agreement in December with countries around the world to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. While the Clean Power Plan was expected to be the main tool for the United States to fulfill its part of the pact, White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters in a briefing that it was only one part of the nation’s response to climate change. The long-term extension of the tax credits for renewable energy last year will continue to provide momentum that will transition the power sector toward cleaner sources of energy, Schultz said. “The inclusion of those tax credits is going to have more impact over the short term than the Clean Power Plan,” he said. But French government spokesman Stephane Le Foll quoted outgoing Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius as saying after a cabinet meeting that the decision was “not good news,” even if the debate will continue in the United States.  Claudia Salerno, a Venezuelan diplomat who leads the country’s delegation at U.N. climate talks, described the ruling as “truly damaging” to the outcome of the pact in a Twitter message late on Tuesday. ",1
10872,High court emissions ruling won't deter clean energy drive ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. power sector’s shift toward burning less coal and using more natural gas and renewable energy will not be derailed by the Supreme Court ruling against the Obama administration’s limits on carbon emissions, state regulators and utilities said on Wednesday. The U.S. Supreme Court decided 5-4 on Tuesday to block the Environmental Protection Agency’s carbon emissions crackdown on coal plants until a legal challenge is resolved.  Some states may now slow work on compliance with the EPA’s Clean Power Plan. But some experts said they were confident the rule will survive the legal challenge when the D.C. circuit court makes a decision this summer.  “In a way we are really just postponing the inevitable,” said Vicki Arroyo, executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center. Even in some of the 27 states that sued to block the rule, officials had been working on compliance plans.  Most states said they will continue to decarbonize their energy supply. Utilities across the country have already begun a major shift away from coal-fired electricity toward cleaner burning and cheaper natural gas and renewables like wind and solar. “We fully expect that many of these states will continue their efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions under their own legal authorities,” said Bill Becker, director of the National Association of Clean Air Agencies.  States like California, Colorado and New York criticized the high court’s decision and vowed to pursue their plans to shift to cleaner energy regardless of the delay in the EPA rule. Meanwhile, states like Montana and North Dakota that joined in the lawsuit against the EPA welcomed the “breathing room” the stay provides. But even these opponents of the rule said they will keep diversifying their power supply. Colorado’s Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper said the state will keep working on compliance so it “is not left at a disadvantage if the courts uphold all or part of the Clean Power Plan.” Colorado challenged the EPA plan even though the governor supports it. The state’s Republican attorney general disagrees about the legality of the rule and its economic impact. Montana Governor Steve Bullock, a Democrat, opposed the EPA rule. He said the state would put on hold the work of a group to devise compliance options, but added that it still needs “to address climate change and embrace Montana’s energy future.” He said: “I am committed to ensuring we do so on our own terms.”   For coal-producing North Dakota, which had one of the highest emission reduction targets to meet under the rule, regulators and utilities will keep working on ways to lower power plant emissions, said state health department chief Dave Glatt.  He said the EPA plan did not give the state “a sufficient amount of time to have reasonable solutions.” He pledged to “look at reasonable steps forward.” For most states, coal-fired electricity has been in decline. In 2015, generators shut over 15,000 megawatts of coal-fired power plants, the most in any year, as low gas prices drove down power costs. It became uneconomical to overhaul older coal plants even to meet existing federal clean air rules.  Ohio regulators said Wednesday they were not sure how the state will respond to the court decision, but the state’s major utilities are already shifting away from coal. American Electric Power Co Inc (AEP.N) will continue generating more power with natural gas and renewable energy since prices for those have dropped significantly, said spokeswoman Melissa McHenry. She added that the five-year extension of federal renewable energy tax credits has given AEP an incentive to bring more renewable energy into the mix. “It makes sense that we are sticking to our current plans, and will be positioned to respond to the courts’ ultimate decision on the future of the Clean Power Plan,” she said. Another Ohio utility, FirstEnergy Corp (FE.N), said it already retired a number of older coal plants in 2012. The court decision will have little impact. “The Supreme Court decision does not change the path we are on,” said spokeswoman Jennifer Young. “We think it is the right thing to do – this is a complicated issue and this decision will give the states the appropriate amount of time to develop their compliance plans.” ",1
10873,Trump shows his presidential bid is no mere publicity stunt,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Donald Trump served notice on Tuesday to those who have refused to take his 2016 White House campaign seriously: The celebrity real-estate developer and former reality show host is no joke.  While Trump had been expected to win New Hampshire’s nominating contest, he swamped the Republican field by almost 20 points, demonstrating that his passionate, anti-establishment supporters could be relied on to show up and vote when it counts. “It’s a monumental win for Donald Trump,” said Michael Dennehy, a Republican strategist in Concord, New Hampshire, who is unaffiliated with any campaign. “The message is being sent loud and clear that Republicans want to throw Washington on its head.” Trump still has a long road ahead. He suffers from high unfavorability ratings and is often an undisciplined candidate who invites controversy with his policies and insults, going so far this week as to repeat an audience member’s assertion that U.S. Senator Ted Cruz was a “pussy.” Yet after finishing second in the Iowa caucuses last week and now first in New Hampshire, Trump can take solace in the fact that rarely is the ultimate nominee from either party not one of the top two finishers in Iowa or New Hampshire.  Since Iowa began holding the first-in-the-nation caucus in 1976, no Republican has finished second there and first in New Hampshire and failed to win the nomination. The two states are the first of the state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. In New Hampshire, Trump, at least for the moment, put to rest questions over whether his strong showing in polls was illusory, after he underperformed them last week in Iowa. His immediate prospects were further helped by the failure of any of the establishment candidates to emerge as a clear challenger. Taken together, the mainstream candidates pulled in enough votes to overcome Trump. But no single one came close to him and there are few signs of a major consolidation anytime soon.  “The victory by Trump here has the makings of a major disaster for the establishment,” said Ford O’Connell, a Republican strategist.  The candidate who had been widely viewed as Trump’s biggest threat, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, suffered deep wounds in New Hampshire after a strong showing in Iowa that some pundits believed would propel him to the top ranks of the establishment Republicans. After stumbling badly in a debate on Saturday, the man who had been considered by many in the party as its best hope to retake the White House finished deep in the middle of the pack.  “Rubio’s disastrous showing shifted the landscape of the entire campaign,” Dennehy said. He added he had conversations with many undecided voters in recent days who liked Rubio but changed their support to other candidates after the debate.  The Republican nomination race now bends southward, with a primary in South Carolina on Feb. 20 the next test. Trump has held a double-digit lead there for months. After South Carolina comes Nevada, and then a spate of Southern states on March 1. All provide Trump with the chance to consolidate his support before any other candidate amasses enough delegates to pose a real threat. His toughest opponent in those states will likely be Cruz, the Texas lawmaker who won in Iowa and whose insurgent candidacy is equally worrisome to the Republican establishment.  But Trump appeared in New Hampshire to learn from some of the mistakes his campaign made in Iowa. In recent days, he combined the large-scale rallies for which he has become known with more intimate affairs, an apparent effort to address criticism he was not devoting enough focus to retail campaigning.  Trump also returned to the populist themes that have characterized his campaign and made him an atypical front-runner for the Republican nomination. He ripped U.S. corporations for sending jobs overseas and repeatedly slammed the pharmaceutical industry for charging high prices on prescription drugs and the health insurance industry for consistently hiking rates.  His campaign showed more of an ability to reach voters who may not have otherwise engaged in the political process. Typical were Marjorie Callicutt, 64, and her husband, Fred, 74, who attended a Trump event in tiny Plymouth, New Hampshire, on Sunday. The couple said they would not have been there if the Trump campaign had not called them the day before to tell them about the rally. Both said they had been persuaded to vote for him. “He woke up the country,” Fred Callicutt said. “He says things that nobody wants to talk about.”  (Reporting by James Oliphant; Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson in Washington; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10874,Senate unanimously backs tougher North Korea sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted unanimously on Wednesday to toughen sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program, human rights record and cyber activities, as U.S. lawmakers sought to crack down on Pyongyang for its nuclear tests. The House of Representatives passed a similar bill last month. Differences between the two are expected to be resolved quickly and Senate Democrats said they expected President Barack Obama would sign the measure into law. The White House has not threatened a veto, but a spokesman told reporters he did not have a response to the bill. Lawmakers said they wanted to make Washington’s resolve clear not just to Pyongyang, but to the United Nations and other governments, especially China, North Korea’s lone major ally and main business partner. The Senate vote for the “North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act” was 96-0. Backing for the bill was so strong that two Republicans vying to be their party’s 2016 presidential nominee, Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, both left the campaign trail to vote. Senator Bernie Sanders, a Democratic contender, missed the vote. “China, the very entity that could do something about this, is blocking the U.N. Security Council’s action toward this being done on a multilateral basis,” said Republican Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “It will be much more effective if we can get the international community to support us,” said Senator Ben Cardin, the panel’s top Democrat. He drew parallels to U.S. sanctions that became multilateral regimes against Iran and South Africa. Congress has been clamoring for a clampdown since Pyongyang tested a nuclear device in January. Its weekend satellite launch fueled the calls. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told the Senate on Tuesday that North Korea has followed through on plans to re-start a plutonium production reactor and could begin to assemble a plutonium stockpile within months. The Senate bill would sanction anyone who engages in, facilitates or contributes to North Korea’s proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, arms-related materials, luxury goods, human rights abuses, activities undermining cyber security and the provision of materials for such activities. Penalties include the seizure of assets, visa bans and denial of government contracts. Unusually, the measure makes most of the sanctions mandatory, rather than giving the president the option to impose them. He can temporarily waive them by making the case that doing so would threaten national security. ",1
10875,"McCain presses U.S. Air Force, Pentagon over Russian engines","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee on Wednesday increased pressure on the Pentagon and the Air Force, demanding answers over the continued use of Russian rocket engines for U.S. satellite launches. Senator John McCain, in a letter dated Feb. 10 seen by Reuters, asked Air Force Secretary Deborah James and Pentagon chief arms buyer Frank Kendall to explain why the U.S. government is continuing to deal with NPO Energomash, the Russian firm that builds Russian RD-180 rocket engines.  McCain pressed the officials on the legality of doing business with NPO Energomash given sanctions in place against Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and others, who now have control over the company after a recent reorganization.      McCain also questioned the Air Force’s continued payment of a large launch support contract to United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co, despite the presence of a certified competitor, Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. McCain said he wants answers to these questions by February 22.  James pledged to respond to the questions during a January hearing, but McCain said he followed up in writing to underscore his concerns about what he has described as subsidies to Russian leader “Vladimir Putin and his gang of corrupt cronies.” Congress banned use of the Russian RD-180 rocket engines for military use after Russia annexed Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014. But U.S. lawmakers weakened the ban late last year, worried that it could drive ULA out of business and leave just privately-held SpaceX, to lift satellites into space. James and other officials have urged Congress to allow use of the Russian engines that power ULA’s Atlas 5 rocket for several years until alternatives are available in several years.  In his letter, McCain asked the U.S. and Air Force to explain what options they had to penalize ULA for not bidding in a recent launch competition despite receiving launch support of $800 million to $1 billion a year since 2006. He also asked the department to examine what percentage of that annual support contract was associated with ULA’s other family of rockets, the Delta 4, which the company plans to retire since it is more costly than the Atlas 5. McCain and other senators argue that it would be worth the extra cost to end U.S. reliance on the Russian engines.     ",1
10876,White House says opposes House bill on restaurant calories,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday it opposes a bill from the U.S. House of Representatives that it said would undercut regulations aimed at requiring fast food and chain restaurants to disclose the calories in food they sell. But the White House stopped short of issuing a formal veto threat for the bill, which it said “would undercut the objective of providing clear, consistent calorie information to consumers.” Tackling the American obesity epidemic has been a signature issue for the White House and first lady Michelle Obama. The menu regulations, finalized by the Food and Drug Administration in 2014, require calories to be listed on menus and menu boards of certain chain restaurants with 20 or more locations, and on certain vending machines. ",1
10877,House passes bill requiring EPA actions on lead-laced water,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday easily passed a bill requiring federal environmental regulators to act faster when lead contamination is found in drinking water.   The bill passed 416-2. It was crafted by Michigan Representatives Dan Kildee, a Democrat, and Fred Upton, a Republican, in the wake of Flint’s drinking water crisis. The measure requires the Environmental Protection Agency to notify the public when concentrations of lead in drinking water rise above mandated levels and to create a plan to improve communication between the agency, utilities, states, and consumers.  In 2014, under a state-appointed emergency manager, Flint, a city of 100,000, switched water supplies to the Flint River, from Detroit’s system as part of a plan to save money in the poverty-stricken city. The more corrosive river water leached lead from aging pipes. Thousands of children are believed to have ingested dangerous levels of lead, a toxin that can harm brains and cause other health problems. The bill “wouldn’t have prevented Flint, but it would have caught it far sooner,” Kildee, who is from Flint, said after the vote. The measure must be passed by the Senate and signed by President Barack Obama before becoming law.  Other measures in Congress to provide Flint with millions of dollars in aid to deal with the crisis face an uncertain future. Kildee has also introduced a bill to provide about $700 million in federal aid, with a match in funding from Michigan. That and other measures languished as Democrats and Republicans struggled to agree on where the funds would come from.  The Department of Agriculture said on Thursday it would temporarily allow Michigan to use funds from its Women, Infants and Children program for low income citizens to conduct lead testing. The department estimated some 3,800 people could get tested in this way. ",1
10878,"In Illinois homecoming, Obama calls for improved tone in U.S. politics","SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama paid a nostalgic visit on Wednesday to the place that launched his political career and made a renewed call for better relations between Republicans and Democrats to create a more positive tone in U.S. politics. Obama won the White House in 2008 partially on a promise to overcome partisan divides in Washington. He has called his failure to do that, seven years after taking office, a regret. On the ninth anniversary of his 2007 announcement in Springfield that he was running for president, Obama addressed Illinois lawmakers at the state Capitol where he once worked as a state senator in what he described as a collegial, friendly atmosphere. “I was able to be part of that here, and yet I couldn’t translate it the way I wanted to in our politics in Washington,” he said. Obama said reducing the influence of money, making it easier to vote and ending the way voting districts were drawn politically would help solve the problem.  “We’ve got to build a better politics,” he said. “When I hear voices in either party boast of their refusal to compromise as an accomplishment in and of itself, I’m not impressed.” Congressional Republicans have said the Democratic president is often unwilling to work with them to pass legislation. “”The central premise of the Obama presidency was to unite the country, and that’s been an unquestionable failure,” Doug Andres, a spokesman for Republican Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Paul Ryan, said in a statement.  Obama has made clear he views Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s rhetoric as corrosive. Trump, who has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, won the New Hampshire Republican primary on Tuesday as the parties hold state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Obama. The chamber in which Obama addressed Illinois lawmakers also became a microcosm of the challenges he was hoping to address. Democrats stood and clapped when Obama said the country was better off since he became president. Republicans stayed seated. The situation was similar to what occurred at his annual State of the Union addresses in Washington.  Obama chided both sides, however, and said he believed Republicans shared some of his values even if they disagreed on how to enact them. He noted the importance of basic governance such as fixing roads and passing budgets, a reference to a crisis facing his home state.  Republican Governor Bruce Rauner has refused to sign a spending plan for Illinois’ 2016 fiscal year without winning Democratic concessions that would weaken collective bargaining rights for public-sector unions, impose term limits, freeze property taxes and make it harder for workers injured on the job to collect damages from their employers. Democrats, who control both of Illinois’ legislative chambers, have resisted his demands, setting up a stalemate that has left the state’s public universities and social-service programs starved for funding. Chicago State University, for example, last week declared a financial emergency, and furloughs have been imposed at other public universities. Obama’s trip was aimed both at solidifying his legacy in a familiar place and making good on a promise to spend his last year working toward healing partisan wounds. Shortly after arriving, he stopped at a restaurant he frequented as a state senator, then shook hands with onlookers outside the Old State Capitol, where Obama announced his bid for the White House exactly nine years ago.  ",1
10879,Obama plan to ease new U.S. visa limits faces skeptics in Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s plan to loosen some requirements of a visa law spurred by the deadly attacks in Paris met with open resistance from both Democrats and Republicans in the U.S. Congress on Wednesday. The measure, which went into effect in late January, requires that citizens of 38 countries who previously were able to travel to the United States for up to 90 days without a visa must now obtain one if they have visited Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria since March 1, 2011. Ed Royce, the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, on Wednesday said he wanted to add Libya to the list of countries covered by the restrictions. At a hearing of the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee, lawmakers voiced particular concern over exempting from the new visa clamp-down some travelers who visit Iran, including those conducting business.     “Nowhere does the law include this authority. In fact, Congress explicitly rejected the waivers requested by the White House,” Chairman Michael McCaul, a Republican, said. Lawmakers enacted the visa restrictions on fears that travelers from the mainly European countries in the Visa Waiver Program could easily travel to the United States even if they have, for example, visited countries like Syria, Iran or Iraq, where militants are active. The Nov. 13 attacks in Paris stirred fears about such travel. Some of the Islamic State attackers who killed 130 people that day held European passports that would have allowed them easy entry to the United States. Representative Bennie Thompson, the Homeland Security Committee’s top Democrat, echoed Republican concerns about Obama’s announced plan to allow visa waivers for foreign business people who travel to Iran. “I have some questions about how the (Department of Homeland Security) would go about determining the legitimacy of the business-related purposes,” he said. Administration officials countered that they wanted to shield journalists, humanitarian aid workers and employees of other international organizations, as well as business people helping economic reconstruction efforts in Iran and Iraq in particular, from the tougher requirements. Individuals must qualify for the Visa Waiver Program, with background checks against U.S. counter-terrorism and law enforcement databases. State Department counter-terrorism official Hillary Johnson told the committee there are regular reviews of those who are approved. Gil Kerlikowski, U.S. Customs and Border Protection commissioner, told the committee an estimated 500,000 people who come into the country under the waiver program have overstayed their visas. He said he did not know how many of them might have traveled to Iran, Iraq, Syria or Sudan. Administration officials expressed concern that if the United States fails to loosen some of the new restrictions, foreign governments might cut back on information sharing, or impose awkward new visa requirements on Americans who travel to their countries. ",1
10880,Ohio House passes bill to deny funds to Planned Parenthood,"CLEVELAND (Reuters) - Ohio state legislators on Wednesday passed a bill blocking state and federal funds for groups that perform or promote abortions, effectively cutting $1.3 million annually used by Planned Parenthood clinics for HIV testing, pre-natal care and other programs. Governor John Kasich, a Republican presidential candidate, is expected to sign the bill, which the state Senate had already passed. House Bill 294, which passed 59 to 32, blocks women’s health providers that also provide abortions, or groups that refer patients to those providers, from receiving funds from a variety of state and federal grants.  Planned Parenthood said the bill would hinder lower-income women’s access to testing for sexually transmitted diseases, HIV tests and well-baby programs. According to its website, Planned Parenthood has 20 clinics in Ohio. Two provide abortions and all provide abortion referral. With most Republicans keen to deny funds to Planned Parenthood, Kasich will have the opportunity to sign the bill ahead of the party’s presidential primary on Feb. 20 in South Carolina. Joe Andrews, spokesman for Kasich, said the bill furthers Ohio’s policies. “The Ohio Department of Health had already stopped awarding state dollars to Planned Parenthood and they were kicked to the back of the line for the federal government’s family planning grants that the department administers. This bill further reinforces Ohio’s policies,” Andrews said Wednesday. Opponents of the bill accused state Republicans of grandstanding, noting that the timing of its passage was convenient for Kasich as he campaigns in a crowded field for nomination to represent his party in the November election.  “There’s no legitimate justification for defunding Planned Parenthood. Every excuse by legislators has been debunked,” Kellie Copeland executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio, an abortion rights advocacy group, said on Wednesday. “Clearly the motivation behind the content and timing of this legislation is to bolster John Kasich’s campaign to anti-choice voters in South Carolina,” Copeland added. Proponents of the bill said the funding transfer will help combat infant mortality because it re-directs $250,000 for new parent education. Under Ohio law no state funds are used to provide abortions but state funds are used by Planned Parenthood to provide other healthcare. Rep. Kathleen Clyde, a Democrat, said the bill would be counterproductive. “It will likely increase the number of abortions in Ohio by cutting access to birth control and access to sex education in Ohio,” she said. ",1
10881,Embattled Pennsylvania attorney general survives Senate removal vote,"HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - Republican state senators in Pennsylvania failed to muster enough votes on Wednesday to oust Attorney General Kathleen Kane, who is facing criminal charges for allegedly leaking secret grand jury material. All but one of the Senate’s 30 Republicans voted to remove Kane, a Democrat, from office because her law license has been suspended, falling four votes short of the two-thirds majority required. The chamber’s 18 Democrats, as well as one Republican, opposed the move. “It is simply not appropriate to take this action,” said Senator Judy Schwank, a Democrat who served on the committee that examined Kane’s removal. “It is an outrage against voters’ right to choose their elected officials.” Kane has been in legal hot water ever since her indictment last summer for allegedly passing grand jury information to a reporter as part of a personal feud. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court suspended her law license last fall. Wednesday’s debate in the Senate focused on whether Kane could continue to function as attorney general without a license to practice law. Unlike impeachment, which targets officeholders who have committed crimes and requires action by both legislative chambers, removal is aimed at incompetent but law-abiding officials and requires only Senate action. The process had not been used since 1891. “When you have a suspended law license, you cannot do anything!” said Senator John Gordner, the Republican who chaired the removal committee, during Wednesday’s three-hour debate. But others, notably Democratic former Governor Edward Rendell, who served eight years as district attorney of Philadelphia, previously testified at hearings that a license was not essential. Rendell said that in a large district attorney office, the job is mainly about making managerial decisions, not practicing law. Kane has claimed her indictment was brought in response to her efforts to release thousands of explicit or offensive e-mails circulated by former prosecutors in her office, including those who prosecuted Penn State sexual predator Jerry Sandusky, and two members of the state Supreme Court, among others. “Today is a good day for all those who share my desire to restore confidence in our judges and prosecutors and integrity to our system of justice,” Kane said in a statement after the vote. She could still face removal efforts. The state House of Representatives voted separately on Wednesday to begin an impeachment inquiry, while Senate Republicans used a procedural maneuver that allows them to call for another removal vote if circumstances change. ",1
10882,New York City budget boss to state: We're not a 'piggy bank',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City’s fiscal watchdog said the city faces much bigger budget deficits in coming years than the mayor has forecast and warned state lawmakers about treating the city like a “piggy bank.” The state, like the city, is finalizing its budget and will soon make decisions affecting New York City. “Some upstate legislators just don’t get it,” New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer said during his review of the city budget on Wednesday. “They see New York City as their piggy bank.”  Stringer cautioned against last-minute, late-night budget decisions that could deprive the city of resources. His comments reflected growing frustration with state lawmakers over their suggestions that the city is flush with cash after a stronger economic recovery than other parts of the state. New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo has had a tense relationship with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, persuading his fellow Democrat last year to pay $2.5 billion toward the city’s public transportation system, which is run by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, a state agency. There have also been suggestions in the state capital that the city could do more to fund healthcare costs and pay more for the city’s university system. New York State legislators are known for “vampire” budget sessions that go into the early hours to beat the budget deadline at the start of the state’s fiscal year on April 1. Stringer said that although next year’s budget remained balanced, the total gaps forecast through fiscal year 2020 are $1 billion more than the mayor’s office had predicted. “Budget monitors and rating agencies have all applauded this administration’s fiscal prudence and focus on protecting against economic uncertainty – and investors agree,” said Amy Spitalnick, a spokesperson for de Blasio.  The mayor’s office points out that Stringer projects $900 million in additional tax revenue for this financial year and next, and cites that as an example of cautious revenue projections on the city’s part. Stringer said the mayor should not have included $731 million from the sale of taxi medallions through 2020, saying the taxi business is currently in upheaval. The city has already cut it expectations for revenue from taxi medallion sales but Stringer has been more aggressive in elimintaing it from later years. He also said some taxes would be lower than the mayor is predicting and that costs for overtime, healthcare and homeless shelters would be higher. ",1
10883,U.S. can meet Paris climate deal goals despite court ruling: White House,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday that it was confident it could meet its obligations under the Paris climate change agreement, despite a court ruling temporarily blocking the administration’s limits on power plants’ carbon emissions. The U.S. Supreme Court dealt a serious blow to the Obama administration’s climate change agenda on Tuesday when it took the unusual step to delay implementation of the Clean Power Plan until legal challenges to the regulation are completed. The Clean Power Plan was designed to lower carbon emissions from U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels.  While the plan was expected to be the main tool for the United States to meet climate goals agreed to in an international deal in December, White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters in a briefing that it was only one part of the nation’s response to climate change. The long-term extension of the tax credits for renewable energy last year will continue to provide momentum that will transition the power sector toward cleaner sources of energy, Schultz said. “The inclusion of those tax credits is going to have more impact over the short term than the Clean Power Plan,” he said. Schultz said the administration was in talks with its partners in the deal and that diplomats in those countries understood the complexities of establishing policies in the United States.  He also said he expected that litigation involving the Clean Power Plan to be wrapped up in time for the United States to comply with the climate agreement.   ",1
10884,"Republicans Christie, Fiorina drop White House bids","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and former business executive Carly Fiorina ended their presidential campaigns on Wednesday, narrowing the field challenging front-runner Donald Trump in the race for the 2016 Republican nomination. Christie, 53, said in a Facebook post he was leaving the race “without an ounce of regret,” a day after the combative Republican’s sixth-place finish in the New Hampshire primary raised doubts about his viability as a candidate.  Fiorina, 61, a former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, said in a Facebook post she would suspend her campaign. The only woman in the Republican field placed seventh in New Hampshire, one of a series of state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama. Trump’s remaining opponents, most of them mainstream Republicans, will likely benefit from their departures, which leave seven Republicans from a field that once had 17 candidates. Trump won the New Hampshire Republican primary by almost 20 points. The fifth-place finish of U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who had hoped to emerge as Trump’s main rival after a surprise third-place showing in Iowa last week, leaves Trump without a clear challenger among the so-called establishment candidates.  On the Democratic side, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, a democratic socialist, easily defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the New Hampshire primary. The victories in both parties by candidates considered outsiders, testified to the sizable share of American voters upset over the slow economic recovery, immigration and America’s place in the world and who are willing to shake up Washington.  Trump, 69, a billionaire businessman, has a double-digit lead over conservative Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in opinion polls for the next Republican contest, the South Carolina primary on Feb. 20, according to a Real Clear Politics average of opinion polls. Christie poured much of his campaign’s resources into New Hampshire and had considered a good showing there critical. He won only about 7 percent of votes on Tuesday, despite a pugnacious performance at a Republican debate last weekend. “Christie needed to drop out. In short, he does not have the money or organization to be viable in South Carolina and beyond,” said Monmouth University pollster Patrick Murray. “Christie was certainly hurt by Trump stealing his ‘telling it like it is thunder,’ but Christie was also out-organized in the ultimate retail politics state,” Murray said. SANDERS COURTS AFRICAN-AMERICANS Trump’s victory in New Hampshire showed pundits were wrong to think he would quickly self-destruct based on his penchant for insults and imprecise plans for the presidency. He had lost last week to Cruz in the first nominating contest, the Iowa caucuses. Ohio’s Republican governor, John Kasich, finished second in New Hampshire, followed by Cruz, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Rubio. The odds of Trump winning the White House, once seen as an extremely long shot, improved significantly after his victory in New Hampshire, online betting site Ladbrokes PLC said. Trump is now at 9/2, compared with 7/1 last week, meaning his chances of victory in November are now 18 percent. Clinton still had the best odds of becoming president at 50/50, Ladbrokes said. On the Democratic side, Sanders, 74, courted the African-American vote on Wednesday, having breakfast with civil rights leader the Rev. Al Sharpton at a restaurant in New York City’s Harlem neighborhood. Clinton, 68, currently has strong support from black voters, who will be crucial in the Democratic primary in South Carolina on Feb. 27.  Sharpton and Obama met at the same restaurant during Obama’s successful 2008 presidential campaign - a piece of symbolism for Sanders as he tries to expand his appeal beyond liberals in the U.S. Northeast. “My concern is that in January of next year for the first time in American history, a black family will be moving out of the White House,” Sharpton, a Baptist minister and television talk-show host, told reporters afterward. “I do not want black concerns to be moved out with them. We must be front and center and not marginalized. And Senator Sanders coming here this morning further makes it clear that we will not be ignored,” he said. Sharpton discussed a spate of police shootings of black males and other issues with the senator. Sharpton said he would not endorse a candidate until he met with Clinton. The Congressional Black Caucus will endorse Clinton on Thursday and its members will be active in supporting her campaign, the Washington Post reported, citing U.S. Democratic Representative Gregory Meeks of New York, chairman of CBC’s political action committee. Clinton has a long history of support for civil rights. She also has benefited from husband Bill Clinton’s popularity in the black community during his presidency, although that became strained during her fierce 2008 primary battle with Obama. Clinton’s campaign, highlighting her popularity among black and Latino voters, said in a statement on Tuesday: “It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African-American and Hispanic voters.” ",1
10885,A breakfast in Harlem underscores key challenge for White House hopeful Sanders,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Bernie Sanders had breakfast with one of America’s most prominent civil rights activists, Al Sharpton, just hours after trouncing Hillary Clinton in the New Hampshire Democratic presidential nominating contest. The meeting marked a recognition by Sanders that his campaign must swiftly broaden its base of support if he has any chance of mounting a long-term challenge to Clinton, who consistently polls better among African American voters. They will play a crucial role in the Democratic race as it moves to South Carolina - where more than half of the Democratic primary voters in 2008 were African American - and other states more diverse than New Hampshire or Iowa, which held the first contest of the 2016 election. Sanders met Sharpton in the same Harlem restaurant where the activist met with Barack Obama during his 2008 presidential campaign - an obvious bit of symbolism for the Vermont senator trying to connect with minority voters. “My concern is that in January of next year for the first time in American history a black family will be moving out of the White House. I do not want black concerns to be moved out with them,” Sharpton, a Baptist minister and television talk show host, told reporters afterwards. Sharpton discussed a recent spate of police shootings of black males and other issues with the senator. He said he would not endorse a candidate until he met with Clinton. Even before the exit polls showing that Sanders had won New Hampshire, Clinton’s campaign was already trying to highlight  her double-digit lead over Sanders among African American and Latino voters. “It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African American and Hispanic voters,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a memo sent to reporters. He predicted the Democratic race would be won in March, when it quickly expands to 22 delegate-rich states with some of the largest minority and urban populations — and that Clinton would have the advantage.  Clinton has a long history of support for civil rights, and she has benefited from her husband Bill Clinton’s popularity in the black community during his presidency, although that became strained during the fierce 2008 primary battle with Obama. Reuters/Ipsos polling nationally showed that in January, blacks backed Clinton by a margin of 3 to 1 over Sanders. Among Hispanics, 48 percent supported Clinton and 32 percent backed Sanders. But as black and Hispanic voters became more familiar with Sanders through televised presidential debates, they seemed to like him more, with his favorability ratings rising slightly among those groups over the last few months, the polling showed. So far Sanders’ strong performance has been due to the mostly young white voters who have embraced his populist anti-Wall Street message and call for income equality. But in the upcoming nominating contests, Sanders needs to carry that message to a broader group of voters, particularly minority voters, who will help determine the Democratic nominee. African Americans and Hispanics comprise 35 percent of the Democratic party, according to a 2013 Gallup poll. Sanders already has intensified his efforts to reach black voters with more campaign stops before African-American audiences and ads on black-oriented radio stations. Rapper Killer Mike sometimes introduces Sanders at rallies, and academic Cornel West has also campaigned for him. The senator also frequently condemns the disproportionate rate at which blacks are targeted by police and has called for increased police transparency and accountability. Sanders’ intensified effort to appeal to minority voters follows questions about whether he has broad enough support to take the White House. Clinton herself has raised the issue of Sanders’ electability on the campaign trail and in debates. Even some Sanders supporters have expressed fears that a vote for him could allow Republicans to win the election.  But Sanders’ campaign shrugs off any worries about the road ahead. “We recognize we are moving to a bigger stage, but it’s another opportunity for him to spread his message. People have responded to his message when they hear it,” said Sanders campaign spokesman Michael Briggs. Sanders already has begun airing ads in Nevada and South Carolina, has hired staff in 15 states and is prepared for a national race, Briggs said. On Super Tuesday, Sanders will be looking to do well in several states, including his home state of Vermont, as well as Massachusetts, Colorado and Minnesota, where the grassroots enthusiasm of his supporters could be an advantage. Still Irene Matz, a retiree in Minneapolis, Minnesota, said she was worried about Sanders’ electability and had yet to make a decision on who to vote for. “Hillary has been hit with everything for years, we know what we are getting with her. Now Bernie will get his turn, and they won’t be kind to him,” Matz said. “I’ll vote for Hillary unless I feel Bernie has a good shot,” she said.  (Additional reporting by Chris Kahn and Alana Wise, editing by Paul Thomasch and Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10886,New Jersey Gov. Christie drops 2016 Republican presidential bid: aide,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie will end his campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, a senior aide said on Wednesday, a day after his disappointing sixth place showing in the New Hampshire primary. A senior aide confirmed to Reuters that Christie will end his campaign.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Eric Walsh) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10887,Republican Christie assesses future of White House bid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Chris Christie considered the future of his struggling U.S. presidential bid on Wednesday amid news reports he would suspend his campaign and narrow the field of rivals facing businessman Donald Trump. A disappointing sixth-place finish in Tuesday’s New Hampshire nominating contest raised doubts about the combative New Jersey governor’s viability as a candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election. The Wall Street Journal quoted a senior adviser to the campaign as saying Christie was expected to make an announcement soon suspending his campaign. Other news organizations carried similar reports. A spokeswoman for Christie’s campaign said no decision had been made about whether he would stay in the race. Christie’s departure would leave eight Republicans from a field that once had 17 candidates vying to represent the party. Trump has dominated the Republican race and won the party primary in New Hampshire on a wave of voter anger at traditional U.S. politicians. U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, a democratic socialist, defeated former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the state’s Democratic contest.      The results testified to the sizable share of American voters upset over the slow economic recovery, immigration and America’s place in the world and willing to send a shockwave to Washington.  On Wednesday, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said he understood the frustration and expected Republican voters to coalesce behind a candidate. “I think it’s pretty normal and I think it’s pretty common and expect that sort of vein is going to play itself out for the next few months and you know we’ll have a unified party when it’s done,” he told CNN in an interview. Christie had poured much of his campaign’s resources into New Hampshire and had considered a good showing there critical. He canceled plans to go to South Carolina, a sign he could drop out soon. The southern state holds the next Republican primary on Feb. 20. “No decision has been made,” Christie spokeswoman Sam Smith wrote in an email to Reuters.          Trump’s opponents, most of them mainstream Republicans, could benefit if Christie pulls out. Ohio’s Republican governor, John Kasich, finished second in New Hampshire, followed by U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. For Trump, New Hampshire showed he has staying power and can take a punch after losing last week to U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the first nominating contest, the Iowa caucuses. The former reality TV star’s win showed pundits were wrong to think he would quickly self-destruct based on his penchant for insults and imprecise plans for the presidency.    Trump’s odds for winning the White House, once seen as an extremely long shot, improved significantly after his victory in New Hampshire, online betting site Ladbrokes PLC LAD.L said. The real estate tycoon is now at 9/2, compared to 7/1 last week, meaning that his chances of victory in November are now 18 percent. Clinton still had the best odds of becoming president at 50/50, Ladbrokes said.  On the Democratic side, Sanders courted the African-American vote on Wednesday, having breakfast with civil rights leader Rev. Al Sharpton at a restaurant in New York City’s Harlem neighborhood. Clinton currently has strong support from African-American voters, who will be crucial in the Democratic primary in South Carolina on Feb. 27.  Sharpton and Barack Obama met at the same restaurant during Obama’s successful 2008 presidential campaign - a piece of symbolism for Sanders as he tries to expand his appeal beyond  liberals in the U.S. Northeast. November’s election is followed by the inauguration of Obama’s successor in early 2017. “My concern is that in January of next year for the first time in American history a black family will be moving out of the White House,” Sharpton, a Baptist minister and television talk-show host, told reporters afterward. “I do not want black concerns to be moved out with them. We must be front and center and not marginalized. And Senator Sanders coming here this morning further makes it clear that we will not be ignored.” Sharpton discussed a spate of police shootings of black males and other issues with the senator. Sharpton said he would not endorse a candidate until he met with Clinton. Clinton consistently polls better among African-American voters and has a long history of support for civil rights. She also has benefited from husband Bill Clinton’s popularity in the black community during his presidency, although that became strained during her fierce 2008 primary battle with Obama.     Even before the exit polls on Tuesday showed Sanders had won New Hampshire, Clinton’s campaign was trying to highlight her double-digit lead over Sanders among African-American and Latino voters. “It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African-American and Hispanic voters,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in a memo to reporters. He predicted the Democratic race would be won in March, when the nominating contests quickly expand to 22 delegate-rich states with some of the largest minority and urban populations, and that Clinton would have the advantage.  (Writing by Alistair Bell; Additional reporting by Brendan McDermid, Doina Chiacu, Susan Heavey, Clarece Polke and John Whitesides; Editing by Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10888,Republicans' feud threatens to reignite fiscal battles,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior House Republican warned on Wednesday that differences among lawmakers over a spending increase could threaten plans for a more orderly budget process under House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has been basking in a honeymoon period. The comments from House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers came as Ryan was facing the first big challenge of his speakership, with some conservatives wanting to back out of a deal made last year increasing spending by $80 billion over two years. Many Republicans did not vote for the two-year budget framework negotiated in former Speaker John Boehner’s waning days in office. Ryan was elected to replace him late in October. Conservative veterans of past budget battles see little reason why they should now support a budget for fiscal 2017 that incorporates the spending hike. “The new number isn’t something that I could vote for unless I have a compelling reason to do so, and I haven’t been given that reason,” said Representative Matt Salmon, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Democrats are unlikely to welcome changes to the fiscal deal, especially cuts, and could leave Ryan only fellow-Republicans to negotiate with on a new plan. Rogers warned that if the House tries to change the deal, the Senate might balk, which could ultimately lead to the need to pass a massive “omnibus” spending bill to fund the entire government. “So we’ve got to consider carefully what we do here,” Rogers said after a Republican caucus. An omnibus would be the opposite of the better-functioning appropriations process Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, also a Republican, seek this election year. They want Congress to pass a dozen separate spending bills  instead of voting on one huge piece of legislation that, if it fails, results in a government shutdown. The first move would normally be for the House to pass a budget blueprint, which leaders hope to do soon. Rogers thought lawmakers could “deem” a budget resolution as having passed already because of last year’s deal. But such a procedural workaround could upset conservatives. Some Senate Republicans are also wondering where the votes will come from to pass a budget resolution embracing higher spending levels. Congress “already agreed (to the spending numbers) and did the tough choice” of raising spending, a senior Senate Republican aide said. “Why put our members who are in-cycle (up for re-election this year) through this again?” ",1
10889,No love lost with Daily News after Trump wins New Hampshire,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and the New York Daily News are not clowning around. Trump fired back on Twitter on Wednesday against the New York Daily News, after the tabloid published a photo of Trump edited to make him appear similar to “The Joker,” a clown-like villain from the Batman comic series. “Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!” Trump (@realDonaldTrump) tweeted Wednesday. The front page headline jeered at New Hampshire voters for handing the Republican presidential candidate a win in the state’s primary election, calling the vote “dawn of the brain dead,” an apparent reference to the zombie horror movie “Dawn of the Dead.” Trump won the New Hampshire primary by almost 20 points Tuesday night, after finishing second in last week’s Iowa caucus. He has been the most popular candidate on social media throughout the campaign, regularly outpacing his competitors in social media buzz during debates. Wednesday’s online quarrel is hardly the first time that the tabloid paper and the tenacious tycoon have clashed. From his politics to his questionable coif, Trump has long been a target of the Daily News. On June 17, the paper reported that Trump was running for president with the front-page headline “Clown Runs for Prez.” The headline was accompanied by a photo of Trump that had been edited to depict him as a clown, complete with a red nose. That same day, Trump tweeted a retort. “Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune & has zero gravitas,” Trump wrote. “Let it die!” Trump also came under fire from some Twitter users Tuesday night, as the former reality TV star gained momentum in the Granite State. The hashtag #TrumpRunningMate emerged on the social media site, and Twitter users cracked wise about who - or what - would join Trump’s ticket, if he were to win the Republican presidential nomination. “Heavily over-salted takeout that gives you two day bloat. #TrumpRunningMate,” tweeted Fledgeling Feminist (@fledgelingfem). “#TrumpRunningMate Kanye, and then Kim for State,” tweeted Ross Burnett (@rossburnett) on Tuesday evening.  (Reporting By Amy Tennery; Editing by Marguerita Choy) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10890,"In crucial vote, Hillary Clinton fails to rally women to her history-making bid","MANCHESTER, N.H./COLUMBIA, S.C. (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton made the prospect of her being elected the first woman U.S. president a centerpiece of her campaign, then lost a critical nominating contest to a 74-year-old man in part because women preferred him. NBC News exit polls showed Clinton, a former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, won 44 percent of the women’s vote in Tuesday’s New Hampshire primary to 55 percent for her Democratic Party rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. Young women contributed significantly to Clinton’s loss, and the candidate acknowledged that she struggled with young voters. “I know I have some work to do, particularly with young people,” Clinton said during a concession speech. “Even if they are not supporting me now, I support them.” With women over 45, Clinton prevailed with 56 percent of the vote, ABC News exit polls found, but Sanders won 69 percent among women under 45. Among women under 30, Sanders won a staggering 82 percent. Unlike Barack Obama, who played down his African-American roots when elected the first black president eight years ago, in this election cycle Clinton, 68, has emphasized the breakthrough a Nov. 8 victory would represent for women. At nearly every campaign stop in New Hampshire, Clinton or a supporter emphasized the role she could play as the first woman in the White House while Sanders galvanized young people with his promise to fix an economy he said was rigged in favor of the wealthy. Clinton said she was trying to break the “hardest, highest glass ceiling.” She campaigned alongside four women U.S. senators, New Hampshire Governor Maggie Hassan and Lilly Ledbetter, the woman for whom an equal-pay law is named.  Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright reprised her line that “there is a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other” while introducing Clinton at a rally on Saturday.  Clinton told a young woman the same day that she has to walk a “narrower path” because she has “got to be aware of the fact that I’m trying to be the first woman president of the United States of America, and there has never been one before, and so people don’t have, you know, an image.”  The remarks by Albright, the first woman to serve as secretary of state, and others by feminist icon Gloria Steinem were assailed as disparaging by young women supporters of Sanders. Steinem had said young women were drawn to Sanders because that was where the boys were. With the next nominating contests in Nevada and South Carolina, Clinton will seek to lift her standing among women. Katherine Wilbur, 20, a geography major at the University of South Carolina from Hopkins, South Carolina, said she had yet to decide on a candidate or party. “I think that’s ridiculous. It’s 2016,” Wilbur said of the suggestion that women should vote for other women. “It’s not important to me.” Paige Lambert, 23, who volunteered for the Sanders campaign in New Hampshire, said she thought the remarks by Steinem and Albright were sexist. “I don’t think I should have to vote for a woman because I am a woman,” Lambert said. “If I would have thought she’d do better, I would have voted for her. I’m not just going to vote for her because she’s a woman.”  Amanda Coleman, 26, of Manchester, New Hampshire, said she did not think candidates should be elected based on gender, but on their stances on the issues.  (Additional reporting by Cassandra Garrison; Writing by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Caren Bohan and Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10891,Republican N.J. Governor Christie to end White House bid: media,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is expected to end his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday, U.S. media reported, but a Christie spokesman said the candidate had not made up his mind. “No decision has been made,” spokeswoman Sam Smith said in an email to Reuters. Politico, citing an unidentified source, said Christie, who placed a disappointing sixth in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, would suspend his campaign on Wednesday. Fox Business Network, in a post on Twitter, earlier reported that Christie was dropping out but did not cite any sources. Separately, CBS reported the governor could take as long as 24 hours before deciding, citing sources.  After election results came in on Tuesday evening, the two-term governor said he was returning to New Jersey rather than moving on to South Carolina, the next primary contest, and would reassess his campaign.  His departure would leave eight Republicans vying to represent the party in the November presidential election.  Christie had poured much of his campaign’s resources into New Hampshire and had considered a good showing there critical. Known for his brash talk, Christie had been overshadowed by New Hampshire’s Republican winner, businessman and television personality Donald Trump, and failed to gain traction with voters.  (Reporting by Tim Ahmann and Ginger Gibson; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Doina Chiacu) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10892,Obama's proposed oil tax 'dead on arrival': U.S. House Republicans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican leaders in the House of Representatives on Wednesday dismissed U.S. President Barack Obama’s proposed $10.25 per barrel tax on oil, saying the increase would translate into higher gasoline prices for consumers.    “The president’s tax proposal is dead on arrival at the House. It will not happen,” House Minority Whip Steve Scalise, a Louisiana Republican, told reporters. House Speaker Paul Ryan also rejected the idea. The tax, to be phased in over five years, was part of Obama’s proposed budget for fiscal year 2017 released on Tuesday. ",1
10893,Trump for president? Ladbrokes odds improve after New Hampshire,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s odds at winning the White House improved significantly after his decisive victory in Tuesday’s primary in New Hampshire, online betting site Ladbrokes PLC said on Wednesday. Trump’s odds for winning the presidency in the November election are now 9/2, compared to 7/1 following the Iowa caucuses last week. Iowa kicked off the parties’ process of nominating their presidential candidates and in the Republican race, the real estate tycoon placed second. His chances of victory in November are now 18 percent, up from 13 percent, putting him second to Democrat Hillary Clinton, whose odds of winning the presidency were even, or 50/50, on Wednesday. Clinton was roundly beaten by Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, in New Hampshire. Her odds of winning the presidency slipped from 4/5, or a 56 percent chance at the White House, seen immediately after the Iowa caucuses. Clinton, a former secretary of state, has for long been the front-runner to win the Democratic nomination but has been challenged by a surge of support for Sanders. “New Hampshire couldn’t have worked out much better for Trump,” said Matthew Shaddick, head of political odds at Ladbrokes. “This might be bad news for the Republican Party, but it’s not much better for us bookmakers, who are facing some huge payouts on the one-time 100/1 no-hoper.” He was referring to Trump’s 100/1 odds, giving him a 1 percent chance, when he declared his candidacy last June.  Marco Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida whose chances for the Republican nomination improved after he did well in the Iowa caucuses, faces longer odds after his middle of the pack finish in New Hampshire. According to Ladbrokes, Rubio’s odds are now 8/1, giving him an 11 percent chance at becoming president. After Iowa, Rubio’s odds at becoming president had been  11/4, giving him a 26 percent chance.  Ohio Governor John Kasich, who surged to a surprising second place finish in the New Hampshire’s Republican primary, still faces relatively long odds of 33/1, giving him a 3 percent chance at winning the presidency. The candidates have embarked on what can be a months-long state-by-state battle to win party support. The parties formally announce their presidential nominees at summer conventions. Interest in Kasich on social media surged - he received 30,500 mentions on Twitter on Tuesday, more than four times what he got during the Iowa caucuses, according to Brandwatch.  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10894,"Concerned by cyber threat, Obama seeks big increase in funding","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday sought a surge in funding to counter cyber security threats, as his top intelligence official warned Congress that computer attacks were among the most imminent security challenges facing the United States. In his fiscal 2017 budget proposal, Obama asked for $19 billion for cyber security across the U.S. government, an increase of $5 billion over this year  While the White House’s overall fiscal plan faces tough going in the Republican-controlled Congress, increased cyber security funding has won bipartisan support of lawmakers in the past. The request comes as the Obama administration has struggled to address the growing risk posed by criminals and nation states in the digital world. In Congress, Obama’s director of national intelligence, James Clapper, warned that cyber threats “could lead to widespread vulnerabilities in civilian infrastructures and U.S. government systems.” The Obama initiative calls for a more than one-third increase from the $14 billion appropriated this year and would include $3.1 billion for technology modernization at various federal agencies. Cyber threats are “among the most urgent dangers to America’s economic and national security,” Obama said in a Wall Street Journal op-ed published on Tuesday.  The request for a cash infusion is the latest signal that the White House intends to make cyber security a priority in the last year of Obama’s presidency.  It follows a series of high-profile hacks against the government and companies like Sony Pictures (6758.T) and Target (TGT.N) that were largely met with legislative inaction and administrative uncertainty on how best to address evolving cyber threats. Those difficulties played out publicly last year when the Office of Personnel Management announced it had fallen victim to a hack that lifted sensitive information on roughly 22 million individuals from its databases.  The White House issued an executive order setting up a presidential commission on cyber security, which would make recommendations for strengthening defenses over the next decade. A new position of federal chief information security officer also would be established.  A government watchdog report last month concluded the government’s cyber defense system, known as Einstein, is ineffective at combating hackers. Obama also signed another executive order creating a permanent Federal Privacy Council, which aims to connect privacy officials across the government to develop comprehensive guidelines for how personal data is collected and stored. The president’s budget proposal also called for $62 million to expand efforts to attract and retain qualified cyber professionals working for the government. ",1
10895,U.S. lawmakers seek to bar states from mandating encryption weaknesses,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives lawmakers will introduce bipartisan legislation on Wednesday that would prohibit states from requiring tech companies to build encryption weaknesses into their products. The move marks the latest foray into an ongoing debate over encryption between Silicon Valley and Washington. While tech companies generally oppose weakened security standards, federal authorities have warned about a “going dark” phenomenon in which criminal suspects use powerful encryption in their communications so that investigators cannot access a phone’s content, even with a warrant. The ENCRYPT Act, sponsored by Democratic Representative Ted Lieu and Republican Blake Farenthold, would prevent any state or locality from mandating that a “manufacturer, developer, seller, or provider” design or alter the security of a product so it can be decrypted or surveilled by authorities, according to bill text viewed by Reuters. The legislation is in response to proposals in recent months in New York and California that would require companies to be able to decrypt their smartphones manufactured after 2017, Lieu said.  “It is completely technologically unworkable for individual states to mandate different encryption standards in consumer products,” Lieu told Reuters in an interview. “Apple (AAPL.O) can’t make a different smartphone for California and New York and the rest of the country.” It is unclear how much momentum the bill will have in the House, though the chamber has staked out positions sympathetic to digital privacy in recent years. Encryption has been an area of disagreement between tech companies and law enforcement authorities for decades, but it gained renewed scrutiny after Apple and Google (GOOGL.O) began offering strong encryption by default on their products in 2014.  FBI Director James Comey told a Senate panel on Tuesday that federal investigators have still been unable to access the contents of a cellphone belonging to one of the killers in the Dec. 2 shootings in San Bernardino, California, because of encryption. But technology companies, privacy advocates and cryptographers say any mandated vulnerability would expose data to hackers and jeopardize the overall integrity of the Internet. A study from the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University released last month, citing some current and former intelligence officials, concluded that fears about encryption are overstated in part because new technologies have given investigators unprecedented means to track suspects. ",1
10896,"Trump raps Merkel over migrants, says U.S. could have good relations with Putin","PARIS (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential contender Donald Trump said German Chancellor Angela Merkel was wrong to let in thousands of migrants into Germany and that the refugee crisis could trigger revolutions and even the end of Europe. “I think Angela Merkel made a tragic mistake with the migrants,” Trump told French conservative weekly Valeurs Actuelles, which said it was the billionaire’s first in-depth campaign interview with European media. “If you don’t treat the situation competently and firmly, yes, it’s the end of Europe. You could face real revolutions,” Trump was quoted as saying, according to the French translation. The 69-year-old property magnate also said Brussels had become a breeding ground for terrorists and some neighborhoods in Paris and elsewhere in France had become no-go zones. “Unfortunately, France is not what it used to be, and neither is Paris,” he said. He also said tight French gun laws were partly responsible for the killing of dozens of people at the Bataclan concert hall last November by Islamist militants. “I always have a gun with me. Had I been at the Bataclan, I can tell you I would have opened fire,” he said. Trump further said he thought the United States could have very good relations with Russia’s Vladimir Putin and that nothing could be worse than the current situation where President Barack Obama and Putin scarcely spoke with each other. “He (Putin) said I was brilliant. That proves a certain smartness,” said Trump. The French magazine said the interview was conducted at Trump’s office in New York’s Trump Tower a week before the Iowa caucuses, in which he finished second among candidates seeking the Republican nomination for November’s presidential election.   Trump was widely expected to win Tuesday’s primary in New Hampshire, which is part of the state-by-state process of picking party nominees for the Nov. 8 election to replace Democratic President Barack Obama.      (Reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Mark Heinrich) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10897,Pentagon budget requests $146 million in support for Israel defense,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Defense Department’s fiscal year 2017 budget requests $145.8 million in support for Israel, including Iron Dome and other cooperative defense programs, according to Pentagon documents released Tuesday. The Iron Dome system is designed to defeat short-range missiles and rockets. The United States will also continue to help fund David’s Sling, a medium-range missile interceptor, set to be deployed this year, as well as the Arrow ballistic missile interceptor. The systems are meant to form a multi-level shield that the Israelis are developing with Washington’s help as a bulwark against Iran and its allies on the Israeli border. The U.S. Missile Defense Agency’s fiscal 2017 budget request  included $103.8 million for Israeli cooperative programs, down from $267.6 million in fiscal 2016, plus $42 million for Iron Dome, down from $55 million in fiscal 2016. The budget forecast total spending on Israeli cooperative programs of $540 million over the next five years, with no additional funding for Iron Dome envisioned after $42 million in fiscal 2017. Vice Admiral James Syring, director of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, told reporters the agency was working with Israel under a co-production agreement signed for the Iron Dome system, with a “not insignificant” workshare going to U.S. firms. He declined to give the specific percentage share. Syring said the United States and Israel were working on a second co-production agreement for the David’s Sling program,  although he declined to give a timeframe for reaching a deal.  He said a test of the David’s Sling system late last year exceeded expectations. Raytheon Co is working with Israel’s state-owned Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd on the Iron Dome and David’s Sling programs.  Syring said Israel had not signaled any plans to request additional funds for missile defense programs, as it did last year, after the agency sent its budget request to Congress. He said any decision on funding would be up to Congress, which must approve the budget. Robert Scher, assistant defense secretary for strategy, plans and capabilities, told Congress last year that the U.S. government had provided more than $3 billion to Israel for work on David’s Sling and other missile defense programs since 2001. ",1
10898,Supreme Court blocks Obama carbon emissions plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday delivered a major blow to President Barack Obama by putting on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants, the centerpiece of his administration’s strategy to combat climate change. The court voted 5-4 along ideological lines to grant a request by 27 states and various companies and business groups to block the administration’s Clean Power Plan, which also mandates a shift to renewable energy away from fossil fuels. The highly unusual move by the justices means the regulations will not be in effect while a court battle continues over their legality. The White House on Tuesday night said it disagrees with the court decision but said it expects the rule will survive the legal challenge. “We remain confident that we will prevail on the merits,” the White House said, adding that the Environmental Protection Agency will continue to work with states that want to cooperate and that it will continue to take “aggressive steps” to reduce carbon emissions.     The plan was designed to lower carbon emissions from U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. It is the main tool for the United States to meet the emissions reduction target it pledged at U.N. climate talks in Paris in December. A senior administration official told reporters on Tuesday night that despite the court’s “procedural decision,” the United States can deliver those commitments and take “new and additional steps” to lead internationally on climate change. The Supreme Court’s action casts doubt on the long-term future of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s rule because it increases the chances that the conservative-leaning Supreme Court would take the case after a lower court issues a decision on the legality of the regulations and ultimately would strike it down. As recently as June, the high court ruled 5-4 against the Obama administration over its efforts to regulate mercury and other toxic air pollutants. The states, led by coal producer West Virginia and oil producer Texas, and several major business groups in October launched the legal effort seeking to block the Obama administration’s plan. The states said the emissions curbs would have a devastating impact on their economies. West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey described the Supreme Court action on Tuesday as a “historic and unprecedented victory” over the EPA. Tom Donahue, chief executive officer of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the high court stay “will ensure that America will not be forced to make costly and irreversible implementation decisions based upon an unprecedented regulation until judicial review is complete.”      For Obama, executing his domestic and international climate change strategy would be a key legacy accomplishment as he nears the end of his time in office in January 2017. House of Representatives Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said, “The Supreme Court’s deeply misguided decision to stay the implementation of the Clean Power Plan will enable those states that deny climate science to slow progress in reducing the carbon pollution that threatens the health of all Americans.” House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy welcomed the Supreme Court’s move, saying it “has now stopped this illegitimate abuse of power after 27 states revolted against the president’s anti-energy agenda.”  The court action also means that, with Obama leaving office in January 2017, the next president will have a say on whether to continue defending the regulation. Before that, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which denied a similar stay request last month, will hear oral arguments in the case on June 2 and decide whether the regulations are lawful. “This is certainly a surprise and it suggests the court has serious concerns” about the regulation, said Jonathan Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve School of Law. The brief order from the justices said that the regulations would be on hold until the legal challenge is completed. The court’s five conservatives all voted to block the rule. The order noted that the four liberals would have denied the application. Under the EPA rule, each state must submit a plan to comply with its emission-reduction target by September 2016 but can also request a two-year extension. The challengers contended that the Obama administration exceeded its authority under the Clean Air Act, the key law that addresses air pollution. More than a dozen other states and the National League of Cities, which represents more than 19,000 U.S. cities, filed court papers backing the rule. Jeff Holmstead, a lawyer for coal-powered utilities that challenged the rule, said the court has never before blocked an EPA rule. “To say it’s unusual is a bit of an understatement,” Holmstead added. Sean Donahue, a lawyer for environmental groups that support the law, said the court action was “surprising and disappointing.” He added that “we remain very confident in the legal and factual foundations for EPA’s rule.” Sam Adams, U.S. climate director for the World Resources Institute, said fighting to uphold the rule is important to ensure the Paris agreement stays intact. “The benefits of the Clean Power Plan are definitely worth fighting for, not only for the United States but the high expectations it hopes to set internationally,” he said. ",1
10899,Democratic nomination will likely be won in March: Clinton campaign manager,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager said on Tuesday the Democratic nomination for the 2016 presidential election would “very likely” be decided in March, and that the support of black and Hispanic voters would be key to victory. “It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African American and Hispanic voters,” campaign manager Robby Mook wrote in a memo titled “March Matters.” “The nomination will very likely be won in March, not February, and we believe that Hillary Clinton is well positioned to build a strong – potentially insurmountable – delegate lead next month,” he said.  CNN projected on Tuesday that Clinton lost to U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in the New Hampshire primary.  (Reporting by Amanda Becker; Writing by Luciana Lopez; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10900,Obama proposes $4.1 trillion spending plan in final White House budget,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama proposed a $4.1 trillion spending plan for fiscal year 2017 on Tuesday in a final White House budget that met immediate Republican resistance for its cost and reliance on tax hikes to fund domestic priorities. Obama, a Democrat who leaves office next January, sought to outline his fiscal and political vision for the country with proposed investments in infrastructure, cyber security, education, and job growth. It also includes more than $11 billion for the Departments of Defense and State to fight Islamic State militants and stabilize Syria - one measure that could draw bipartisan support. But the plan is primarily a political document and is  unlikely to be embraced by the Republican-controlled Congress. Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, called it a “manual for growing the federal government at the expense of hardworking Americans.” The budget envisions a deficit of $503 billion in fiscal 2017 after a $616 billion budget gap in the current fiscal year ending on Sept. 30. It seeks to cut deficits by $2.9 trillion over 10 years  largely through smaller tax breaks for wealthy earners, new savings in Medicare healthcare, and assumptions that adoption of its policies on immigration reform and other areas would boost economic growth. “The budget that we’re releasing today reflects my priorities and the priorities that I believe will help advance security and prosperity in America for many years to come,” Obama told reporters at the White House after a meeting with national security advisers on cyber security. “It drives down the deficit. It includes smart savings on healthcare, immigration, tax reform,” he said. The budget seeks $19 billion for cyber security investments across the U.S. government. White House officials sought to play down the portrayal of the budget as dead on arrival in Congress. They noted bipartisan support for increases in funds for cancer research, opioid addiction programs and anti-poverty measures such as an expansion of the earned income tax credit (EITC), which helps low-income taxpayers. Other proposals were clear non-starters, though, including one to levy a $10.25 per barrel tax on imported and domestically produced oil to fund transportation infrastructure such as mass transit and high speed rail. “The president’s final budget continues his focus on new spending proposals instead of confronting our country’s massive overspending and skyrocketing $19 trillion in debt,” said Senate Budget Committee Chairman Mike Enzi. The budget forecasts that deficits would average 2.5 percent of U.S. economic output over 10 years compared to about 4.0 percent in the Congressional Budget Office’s estimate, which is based on existing tax and spending laws.  It stayed within the bounds of an agreement reached between the White House and Congress last year that lifted mandatory “sequestration” cuts on both defense and domestic spending. The budget proposes lifting the limits entirely from 2018. Obama and Ryan agree on some anti-poverty policies, but the general differences between the two men and their parties are vast, particularly in a presidential election year. Underscoring that divide and the fact that the budget is Obama’s last, Republican lawmakers took the unusual step of not inviting Obama’s budget director Shaun Donovan to brief about the proposal. White House spokesman Josh Earnest, who has likened the snub to Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump’s decision to skip a debate with fellow candidates before the Iowa nominating contest, challenged Republicans to move on areas of compromise. “The question really for Republicans at this point is, are they going to do anything? Are they going to use their majority in Congress to strengthen our cyber security, to fight opioid addiction, to cure cancer, or are they not?” he said. Congress can advance elements of the budget without endorsing the entire proposal. Republicans are especially resistant to the White House’s tax proposals. The budget takes aim at tax breaks for the wealthy that have been perennial targets, including the “carried interest” loophole allowing investment fund managers to treat income as capital gains. It would also increase the top tax rate on capital gains and impose the “Buffett Rule” to ensure that millionaires pay a tax rate of no less than 30 percent of their income after charitable contributions.  In addition, it proposes a new fee on the liabilities of the largest banks that would raise $111 billion over 10 years and discourage excessive leverage in the financial system. The budget foresees $375 billion in new 10-year savings to federal healthcare programs, including several changes to the Medicare program for seniors. The budget calls for $152 billion in research and development, an increase of 4 percent over fiscal year 2016. ",1
10901,Pentagon seeks $583 billion budget for 2017; Republicans say not enough,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon on Tuesday proposed a $582.7 billion defense budget that emphasizes emerging threats from Russia, China and Islamic State rebels, but the plan is already under fire from Republican lawmakers who charge it short-changes the U.S. military. President Barack Obama’s last budget would boost spending on the war against Islamic State militants to $7.5 billion during the 2017 fiscal year, a 50 percent jump over the $5 billion approved this year. Some $200 million of that would go to fight militants in north and west Africa. The proposal also would quadruple funds to counter Russian pressure in Europe, including its seizure of Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula and repeated strategic bomber flights near NATO air space. Spending to boost U.S. military presence and training in Europe would rise to $3.4 billion from $800 million this year. The budget heralds a strategic shift as Washington looks beyond the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and enters a new period of great power competition from Russia and China as well as threats from smaller rivals like Iran and North Korea, officials said. “This budget marks a major inflection point for the Department of Defense,” Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in a statement. “Even as we fight today’s fights, we must also be prepared for the fights that might come in 10, 20 or 30 years.” Overall, the administration is seeking a Pentagon base budget of $523.9 billion for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1, plus $58.8 billion for war funding and overseas operations. The base budget is about $2.5 billion more than this year’s while war spending remains relatively flat, officials said. The spending proposal is in line with a congressional budget deal last year that set Pentagon funding guidelines for 2016 and 2017. But Republican lawmakers have criticized the war funding plan, saying the $59 billion figure in the budget deal was a floor, not a ceiling, and the president should have sought more. “This request is inadequate to address the national security threats we face,” Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement. Congressman Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, accused the administration of playing “budgetary games.” McCain said by seeking the minimum level of war funding in the budget deal, the president had left the Pentagon with $17 billion less than it estimated it would need for 2017 in last year’s budget. To make up the shortfall in planned spending, the Pentagon cut more than $5 billion by adjusting its assumptions about expected fuel costs and inflation levels, Pentagon Comptroller Mike McCord said. It also cut procurement to $112.1 billion, down 6 percent, from this year. The reductions would come mainly from planned aircraft purchases, including five fewer F-35 Joint Strike Fighters (LMT.N) and a reduction in several types of Army helicopters(BA.N), budget documents show.  While cutting procurement, the Pentagon proposed increasing spending on research and development by 4 percent, to $71.8 billion, as it looks to develop new technologies to give it a military edge. The department said it would spend $16.8 billion in its classified military intelligence accounts.  It also agreed to delay until 2022 its controversial plan to retire the A-10 close air support aircraft, which is being used in the fight against Islamic State. Retaining the aircraft will cost $3.4 billion over the five-year period. The budget would continue to shrink the size of the U.S. Army, which will drop to 460,000 soldiers in 2017 from the current 475,000. Separately, the president’s budget would fund a new $150 million polar icebreaker vessel to ensure year-round accessibility to the Arctic for Coast Guard missions.  ",1
10902,Michigan treasurer calls for quick action on Detroit school bills,"(Reuters) - Michigan Treasurer Nick Khouri urged state lawmakers on Tuesday to move quickly on legislation to restructure the financially ailing Detroit Public Schools (DPS) before the district runs out of money. “Sometime this spring or early summer, unless legislation passes in some form, the district will not be able to make payroll, will not be able to pay vendors. Essentially they will be out of cash,” Khouri told the Michigan Senate’s Government Operations Committee. The committee has been holding hearings this month on bills supported by Republican Governor Rick Snyder to create two entities - the Detroit Community District to run the schools, and the current Detroit Public Schools to retire debt. Khouri said the legislation presents a better option for DPS and Michigan than a bankruptcy which would “not make sense” given much of the district’s debt is owed to the state. He added that bankruptcy could also take a year at a cost of as much as $100 million. Unlike the city of Detroit’s bankruptcy, a DPS filing would put the state on the hook for $1.45 billion over 11 years to pay off bonds issued for DPS through Michigan’s school bond loan fund, according to written testimony Khouri submitted to the committee.  Under the governor’s plan, the new community school district would be provided with $715 million in additional state funding over 10 years to offset local property taxes, which would be tapped by the old district to pay off debt. Another $240 million in DPS pension debt could be shifted onto other school districts in the state-wide teachers’ retirement system. Detroit exited the biggest-ever municipal bankruptcy in December 2014, shedding about $7 billion of its $18 billion of debt. The Senate committee, which will continue its hearing on the legislation next week, also heard from teachers’ union officials and parents who contended Michigan should be responsible for paying off debt accumulated by DPS since it was placed under state oversight in 2009. They also called for an elected board to be in control of the schools. The legislation would create a financial oversight commission for the district. ",1
10903,Republican senator: Obama administration already has funds for Zika,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration has no immediate need for funding to combat the Zika virus because money remains unspent from fighting the two-year-long Ebola outbreak, a member of the Republican Senate leadership said on Tuesday. Lawmakers are debating what resources are needed as Zika spreads in South and Central America and the Caribbean and raises fears of the possibility of birth defects.  But while Democrats joined with the administration to call for more than $1.8 billion in emergency funding, Republicans say there is no need for immediate action and intend to have hearings on Capitol Hill, including a meeting with U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell on Tuesday.   “We all believe this needs to be dealt with,” said Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, who will chair a hearing about Zika on Thursday.   “There’s still money left that was appropriated for Ebola,” Blunt told reporters. “So there’s no immediate shortage of money for the administration to do what they think needs to be done.” He said that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention the National Institutes of Health have received additional funding. Most of the money sought by Obama would be spent in the United States on testing, surveillance and response. A Republican aide said the government had $1.49 billion left in Ebola funding as of Dec. 31, 2015. The Ebola outbreak began  in West Africa in December 2013. The CDC received a $272 million increase for 2016, the aide said. Officials at the Department of Health and Human Services were not immediately available to comment.  Democrats rejected the Republican agenda of hearings and called for action on Obama’s plan. “All the lip service in the world isn’t going to protect America from the Zika virus,” said Senator Charles Schumer of New York, the Senate’s No. 3 Democrat. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak an international health emergency on Feb. 1, citing a “strongly suspected” relationship between Zika infection in pregnancy and microcephaly, a condition marked by abnormally small head size that can result in developmental problems.  Brazil is investigating more than 4,000 suspected cases of microcephaly and has identified evidence of Zika infection in 17 of these cases. But much remains unknown about Zika.    ",1
10904,Factbox: What is in Obama's final budget proposal?,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday unveiled his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, his final year in office.  But since the Republican-controlled Congress controls the purse strings, much of Obama’s plan likely will be shelved and so it is primarily a political document. The following are some of Obama’s proposals: The Pentagon asked for $7.5 billion to fight Islamic State, up 50 percent from the amount received in the previous year’s budget, and wants a fourfold increase for military training and exercises in Europe to support NATO allies.  Citing online threats as a top concern, Obama sought $19 billion to boost cyber security across the U.S. government, a $5 billion increase over the current fiscal year. In a long-shot bid to raise $20 billion to expand transit systems and research self-driving cars, Obama proposed a $10.25-a-barrel tax on crude oil.   Obama sought a 20 percent boost for renewable energy research funding to a total of $7.7 billion. Obama proposed a tax credit for businesses that invest in community college programs and then hire their graduates. The White House asked for $1.8 billion in emergency funding. Some Republicans argue Obama might have enough in existing funds for now.  Obama sought an 11 percent hike in funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission to $1.8 billion, and 32 percent increase for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to $330 million. Obama asked for $1 billion to fund a two-year effort to expand treatment for people addicted to heroin and prescription painkillers.  Obama proposed $12.2 billion over 10 years to supplement food stamps for poor families when school meal programs are closed in the summer and a $15 million pilot program to help poor families move to better neighborhoods, among other aid. The earned income tax credit for low-income taxpayers would be doubled to a maximum of about $1,022 a year. It would be expanded to cover workers with earnings up to 150 percent of the poverty line and to cover single workers ages 21-24. The budget includes three years of federal funding to states that passed up an earlier offer to expand Medicaid healthcare coverage for low-income people. Obama proposed changes to certain high-cost health insurance plans. The White House asked for $5.5 billion in incentives for businesses that hire young people and setting aside $200 million for youth from a $2 billion apprenticeship fund. Obama proposed $4 billion for states and $100 million for school districts to expand computer science in schools. The White House sought $755 million for Vice President Joe Biden’s “moonshot” effort to find new cancer treatments. Obama proposed $500 million for a two-year initiative to boost access to mental healthcare as part of his push to address gun violence. As part of criminal justice system reforms, Obama asked for $24 million to review the use of restrictive housing, or solitary confinement, and expand mental health programs. Obama proposed tax credits for small businesses offering 401(k) plans or expanding access to retirement savings programs, while setting aside $6.5 million for some states to explore state-based programs.  Military and civilian federal personnel would see a 1.6 percent pay increase. Obama asked for funding to hire 200 new ATF staff to enforce gun laws. ",1
10905,Senate unanimously approves Myanmar ambassador nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed President Barack Obama’s nominee to be ambassador to Myanmar on Tuesday, after the administration assured lawmakers it would not rush to ease  sanctions as the country moves from decades of military rule. The Senate voted 90-0 to confirm career diplomat Scot Marciel to the post in Myanmar, also known as Burma. Currently the principal deputy assistant secretary in the State Department’s Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Marciel has also been ambassador to Indonesia and served in Vietnam, the Philippines, Brazil and Turkey. Obama nominated Marciel to be his next envoy to Myanmar in October. His confirmation vote had been briefly delayed by concerns that the administration might ease sanctions before the country’s human rights situation improved.  ",1
10906,Yellen faces tough sell on Fed rate hikes in Congress,"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will defend the U.S. central bank’s first rate hike in a decade and likely insist that further rises this year remain on track, albeit at a slower pace, when she addresses Congress on Wednesday. Yellen, who is certain to be grilled by lawmakers on whether the economy really is ready for higher rates, will point to continued strong jobs growth even as financial markets have all but priced out any rate hikes this year and as signs of stress in the global financial system have re-emerged amid volatile markets. The Fed Chair also is likely to find herself in heated exchanges with lawmakers over the bank’s perceived secrecy, with presidential candidates from both sides of the aisle now taking regular shots at the Fed on the campaign trail. “I think that markets probably have over-reacted to the sense that the Fed won’t raise rates any time soon,” said Vincent Reinhart, visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and former head of the Fed’s monetary affairs division.  The House Financial Services Committee hearing is set for 10 a.m. EST (1500 GMT) on Wednesday, followed on Thursday at 10 a.m. EST by a Senate Banking Committee hearing. U.S. growth slowed to 0.7 percent rate in the fourth quarter as weak global demand weighed on the economy. But the housing sector strengthened, unemployment fell to 4.9 percent last month and, in a relief for the Fed, wages jumped in January by the most in a year. Vice Chair Stanley Fischer and other Fed officials have recently backed off predictions of about four rate hikes this year, noting that plunging oil prices mean U.S. inflation could take longer to rise to a 2 percent goal. But policymakers have stressed that it is too soon to scrap forecasts for continued U.S. strength in 2016. Some have noted that a similarly severe market selloff in August and September did not derail the economy as much as initially feared. “September is ... a case where there were tighter financial conditions, and they didn’t last that long and then we moved off (zero rates),” Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester, a voter on Fed policy this year, said last week. The Fed overcame deep market skepticism that it would initiate a hiking cycle when it pulled off its first rate rise in almost a decade in December last year. At a twice-yearly appearances before Congress, the Fed chair is often peppered with barbed questions about the central bank’s effectiveness, regulatory chops and commitment to congressionally set goals, both from Republicans like House Financial Services Chair Jeb Hensarling as well as Democrats like Elizabeth Warren, who sits on the Senate Banking Committee. Some of the top presidential candidates, including Republican Senator Ted Cruz and Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders, are calling for major reforms to the Fed.  All of that could complicate things for Yellen as she tries to keep alive the prospect of further rate rises even as she acknowledges the threat posed by a slowing global economy. “We must not forget, after all, that despite the financial market rout and the pain in the mining and manufacturing sector, the Fed has gotten closer to meeting both of its mandates,” said Harm Bandholz, chief U.S. economist at Unicredit, after data on Tuesday showed job openings surged in December. ",1
10907,McCain: Obama budget request 'inadequate' to face security threats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, took immediate issue on Tuesday with President Barack Obama’s budget request, saying it would leave the Defense Department with at least $17 billion less than it said it needed and planned for this year. “While the Committee will closely review the President’s defense budget request, it is already clear that this request is inadequate to address the national security threats we face and the growing demands they impose on our men and women in uniform,” McCain said in a statement. ",1
10908,U.S. has room to fight any future downturn with spending: Furman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House’s top economic adviser, Jason Furman, said on Tuesday that the United States has ample capacity to boost spending to cushion any future economic downturn. Furman, at a news conference on President Barack Obama’s final budget proposal, said that gross domestic product growth may be slowing somewhat, but that is being offset in a fiscal context by lower unemployment and lower-than-expected interest rates, and a continued decline in healthcare costs. “Our country has the fiscal room, if and when it is ever needed at some hypothetical future date, to use fiscal policy as one of the tools that we would deploy in those circumstances,” Furman said.      ",1
10909,Obama to propose $200 million to battle Islamist militants in Africa,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is proposing about $200 million in new military spending to confront Islamist militants in north and west Africa, U.S. defense officials said ahead of Tuesday’s budget rollouts for the next fiscal year. U.S. officials declined to specify to which nations the funding would be directed. The disclosure comes as the United States and its allies discuss ways to halt the spread of Islamic State in Libya and elsewhere in Africa from its self-declared caliphate in Syria and Iraq. The proposed increase in U.S. defense spending for north and west Africa is a component of a larger $7.5 billion Pentagon request for fiscal year 2017 to counter Islamic State. “The marginal increase is on the order of about $200 million associated with north Africa,” one U.S. defense official said, speaking on condition of anonymity to a small group of reporters. Another U.S. defense official told Reuters the funds would also be directed to west Africa. Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Air Force General Paul Selva said the new funding was aimed at addressing threats from militant groups across Africa, including al Shabaab in the east, Boko Haram in the west, and Islamic State in Libya. “The monies that we’ve put into the budget to address those threats in Africa are to be able to work with indigenous forces as well as partner forces to get at those three particular threats and others that might emerge,” Selva said. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter last week announced his intention to ramp up spending to counter Islamic State as he unveiled the broad details of Obama’s proposed $582.7 billion defense budget. A key part of the $7.5 billion would go to munitions. Carter said the United States has used so many smart bombs and laser-guided rockets in Iraq and Syria that it is running low and needs to invest $1.8 billion for 45,000 more. The Air Force budget includes about 4,500 small diameter bombs, doubling the previous year’s purchase. It also calls for  more than 30,000 Boeing Co (BA.N) Joint Direct Attack Munition tail kits, which turn unguided bombs into all-weather smart munitions using GPS guidance systems, compared to about 22,000 the previous year. The Navy is slated to buy 100 Hellfire missiles built by Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), with the Air Force planning to buy around 280. The U.S. officials also said some of the $7.5 billion would go toward training and equipping Iraqi forces and fighters in Syria to counter Islamic State. Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, warned on Monday of the group’s expansion to Libya, Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula, Nigeria, Algeria and elsewhere. The United States has a limited permanent military presence in Africa, largely centered on a U.S. base in Djibouti.  Islamic State forces have attacked Libya’s oil infrastructure and taken control of the city of Sirte, exploiting a power vacuum in which two rival governments have been battling for supremacy. The Pentagon has said planning is underway to confront the group in Libya, although significant political hurdles could slow any new campaign by the U.S. and its allies there. Carter will meet with allies in Brussels this week to discuss ways to accelerate the campaign against Islamic State.  ",1
10910,Pentagon's No. 2 says cut in LCS ship program 'not an indictment',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work said the Pentagon’s plan to truncate the Littoral Combat Ship program at 40 ships instead of 52 reflected budget pressures and was “not an indictment” of the program. Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and Australia’s Austal (ASB.AX) each build different models of the smaller, fast coastal warships. Carter said he wants the Navy to have a competition and pick just one supplier for future ships. Work said the Pentagon decided to buy two of the ships in fiscal 2017, instead of scaling orders back to just one ship as Defense Secretary Ash Carter had ordered in a memo late last year, at the Navy’s request. He said the move was meant to help ensure a smooth transition to a future competition by keeping both shipbuilders working for another year. ",1
10911,Pennsylvania $2 bln budget gap is 'time bomb': governor,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pennsylvania’s $2 billion budget deficit is a “time bomb” that could cause “fiscal catastrophe the likes of which we have never seen” if it is not resolved, Governor Tom Wolf said in his budget address on Tuesday. Wolf proposed a $32.7 billion fiscal 2017 budget that would add $200 million of funding for K-12 public schools and another $110 million to early and special education programs. Including pension contributions, the budget would be nearly $33.3 billion. To pay for the increases, Wolf would increase personal income taxes by nearly 11 percent to 3.4 percent, expand sales taxes, raise taxes on tobacco products and implement a 6.5 percent severance tax on natural gas producers, according to documents released during his speech. But dominating Wolf’s message was the budgetary crisis escalated by political gridlock. Wolf, a Democrat, and the Republican-led legislature have disagreed since this time last year, when Wolf proposed his first budget. Now seven months after the start of fiscal 2016 on July 1, the state still has only a partial $23.4 billion emergency spending plan. Wolf had been ready to sign a negotiated $30.8 billion agreement but it was scuttled in December. Wolf reminded lawmakers of that turn of events on Tuesday. In web-streamed remarks, he urged them to send the agreement back to him. “House Republican leaders just walked away,” he said during his speech at the state capitol in Harrisburg. Some booed in response.  “Yelling will not make it go away,” Wolf said. “We need to do what’s right,” he continued, to applause. He later told lawmakers to “find another job” if they could not reach a solution. His 2017 proposal is built upon the eventual approval of that compromise budget for the current fiscal year.  Senate Republicans, who had passed the budget compromise, said Wolf was “doubling down” on last year’s proposal. “This retread budget proposal offers superficial changes to his sizable tax-and-spend plan that has already been soundly opposed by taxpayers,” Senate Majority Leader Jake Corman said in a statement on Tuesday. Unless next year’s deficit is closed, property taxes for homeowners will skyrocket, Wolf said. More than 23,000 teachers and school employees would be cut, as would special education and pre-kindergarten programs.  Services for senior citizens, the mentally ill, child care and domestic violence shelters also would be slashed, he said. Wolf’s address was no olive branch, said Muhlenberg College political scientist Christopher Borick.  “He turned up the heat,” Borick said. ",1
10912,Pentagon says military intelligence accounts for $16.8 billion in FY17 budget ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Military intelligence programs account for $16.8 billion of the Pentagon’s overall $583 billion budget request for fiscal 2017, the U.S. Defense Department said on Tuesday. The sum includes funds in the base budget and a separate war funding budget. A Pentagon spokeswoman said no additional details on  military intelligence programs would be released since they remained classified for national security reasons. ",1
10913,Obama budget envisions $2.9 trillion in 10-year deficit reduction ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday unveiled a budget that proposed $2.9 trillion in deficit reduction over 10 years, largely by curbing tax breaks for the wealthy and proposing new savings in the Medicare and Medicaid health care programs. The budget would boost spending to $4.1 trillion for 2017, up $196 billion from fiscal 2016, while raising revenues by $308 over the same period, according to documents released by the White House. Spending increases are spread across a wide range of programs, from new support for community colleges to helping NATO and other European allies resist “Russian aggression”. The budget also proposes $375 billion in new 10-year savings to federal healthcare programs, including several changes to the Medicare program for seniors. These include new competitive bidding requirements for the Medicare Advantage Program, certain  co-payments for home health episodes, and new mandates for  pricing rebates for name-brand drugs.   (This version of the story corrects figure in headline to ‘$2.9 trillion’) ",1
10914,Obama urges doubling tax credit for low-income childless workers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday proposed expanding the earned income tax credit (EITC), which helps low-income taxpayers, to give a bigger boost to childless people. Some Republicans as well as Democrats in Congress back increasing the tax credit. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, favors expanding the credit as an incentive for pulling people into work. In his budget blueprint for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1, Obama proposed doubling the tax credit for workers who are not raising children, bringing the credit to a maximum of about $1,022 a year for them. He said it should be expanded to cover workers with earnings up to 150 percent of the poverty line, so about $18,180 for a single person. Under current law the cutoff comes at about $15,040. Obama also favors expanding eligibility to single workers between ages 21-24 to help draw them into the workforce; currently they must be 25 to qualify. The Earned Income Tax Credit, created in 1975, is intended to promote work as well as help low-income people. Because it is a refundable credit, it produces a refund if the taxpayer does not owe any taxes. Currently it gives more generous benefits to families with children. Obama has proposed expanding it for the past two years; Ryan agrees it should be increased for childless workers. But they disagree on how it should be funded. Obama has talked about closing tax loopholes, while Ryan has talked about cutting spending. Obama’s budget proposed making the credit available to workers aged 65 and 66, and to workers in the struggling territory of Puerto Rico. The White House said its proposal would help 13.2 million low-income people. The Congressional Research Service (CRS) said recently that in 2013, a total of $68.1 billion was claimed by 28.8 million tax filers under the program.  But it said the rules were too complex and up to a quarter of payments were issued “improperly”. Obama’s budget also proposed $12 billion over 10 years to supplement food stamps for poor families when school meal programs are closed in the summer.  It asked for $2 billion in emergency aid for families in crisis, a $1.2 billion increase in rental assistance to poor families, $328 million in education and housing grants to poor neighborhoods, and a $15 million pilot program to help poor families move to better neighborhoods. ",1
10915,Obama calls for updates to government IT to protect Americans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday his budget proposal aims to bolster Americans’ safety with a significant investment in cyber security with an eye toward overhauling how the federal government manages and responds to online threats. Obama, speaking to reporters after meeting with national security advisers, said the United States must increase its spending to upgrade outdated government technology systems that are far behind the private sector.  Obama, in his budget released earlier on Tuesday, proposed an increase in U.S. cyber security funding. ",1
10916,White House debt path view tied to optimistic growth forecast,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration’s plan to set federal borrowing on a sustainable path relies on stronger economic growth than what is seen by other big government agencies, which in turn have been lowering their expectations. The administration’s view, laid out on Tuesday in its annual budget proposal, is that gross domestic product will grow 2.3 percent each year over the long run.  The median policymaker at the Federal Reserve, however, sees long-term growth at 2 percent, which is the same rate seen by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. The differences are modest but show White House economists are being slower to downgrade their view of America’s growth potential. While the Fed and the CBO have been cutting their views on long-term growth in recent years, the White House has held steady in each budget submitted since early 2013.  Over the same period, the CBO has cut its view from 2.2 percent and the views of core Fed policymakers have gone from a 2.3-2.5 percent range to a 1.8-2.2 percent range.      It is impossible to make a full apples-to-apples comparison between the administration’s view with those of the Fed and CBO. The administration’s projections are based on the assumption its budget is fully enacted, which is unlikely to happen.  Proposed immigration law changes would make the workforce younger and more productive while infrastructure investments would also boost efficiency, the administration said in the budget. Prominent academics including former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers and Northwestern University economist Robert Gordon have warned that U.S. growth may have shifted persistently lower in recent decades.  A stronger growth view allows the White House to project that the national debt will stay around 75 percent of GDP through 2026. The CBO by comparison sees debt on an upward path over the period, hitting 86 percent in 2026.  White House economists acknowledge slower growth would put pressure on the budget, saying in Tuesday’s proposal that a 1 percentage point slowdown in GDP growth would add $3.1 trillion to the deficit in the decade through 2026. The budget also assumes a modest pace of health care inflation, easing strains on the budget created by an aging society, while arguing that proposed investments and immigration reform will help productivity growth. But the proposal notes that slower productivity growth and higher health care costs could result “in a debt explosion, with debt-to-GDP reaching over 500 percent by (around 2090).” ",1
10917,What will be in Obama's final budget proposal?,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama is set on Tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, his final year in office.  But since the Republican-controlled Congress controls the purse strings, much of Obama’s plan likely will be shelved. The following are some of the proposals that will be included: The Pentagon will ask for more than $7 billion for the fight against Islamic State, up about 35 percent from the previous year’s budget request to Congress, and wants a fourfold increase for military training and exercises in Europe to support NATO allies. In a long-shot bid to raise $20 billion to expand transit systems and research self-driving cars, Obama will propose a $10-a-barrel tax on crude oil.  The budget will propose boosting spending on cybersecurity by 35 percent to $19 billion and creating a $3.1 billion fund to modernize the government’s creaky information technology systems. Obama will seek a 20 percent boost for renewable energy research funding to a total of $7.7 billion. Obama will propose a $2.5 billion tax credit over five years for businesses that invest in community college programs and 05:00:then hire their graduates. The White House will ask for $1.8 billion in emergency funding to prepare for the Zika virus, work on tests and vaccines, and assist Puerto Rico and countries grappling with the outbreak. Obama will seek an 11 percent hike in funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission to $1.8 billion and 32 percent increase for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to $330 million. The budget will propose a 1.6 percent pay increase for military and civilian federal personnel. Obama will ask for $1.1 billion in new funding to expand treatment for people addicted to heroin and prescription painkillers, a growing epidemic. Obama pledged more than $450 million in aid to Colombia to help with security and integrating rebel combatants into society under a pending peace deal to end Latin America’s longest war. Obama will propose $12 billion over 10 years to supplement food stamps for poor families when school meal programs are closed in the summer, $2 billion in emergency aid for families in crisis, a combined $328 million in education and housing grants to poor neighborhoods, and a $15 million pilot program to help poor families move to better neighborhoods. The budget will include three years of federal funding to 19 state governments that passed up an earlier offer to expand Medicaid coverage for more than 4 million low-income people. Obama will ask for tweaks to a tax on certain health insurance plans that is unpopular with labor unions. The White House will ask for $5.5 billion in incentives for businesses that hire young people and $200 million for apprenticeship programs. Obama will propose $4 billion for states and $100 million for school districts to expand computer science in schools. The budget will include $1 billion over five years to help coal-mining regions with economic development. The White House will ask for $755 million for Vice President Joe Biden’s “moonshot” effort to find new cancer treatments. The budget will include $700 million in agricultural research grants, double the spending level in 2016. Obama has proposed $500 million to boost access to mental healthcare as part of his push to address gun violence. Obama will propose $95 million for a new office responsible for background checks for federal employees. As part of reforms to the criminal justice system, Obama will ask for $24 million for better housing for inmates with serious mental illnesses. Obama will propose tax credits for small businesses offering 401(k) plans or expanding access to retirement savings programs. Obama will seek to expand unemployment insurance to more types of workers, provide wage insurance for workers moving to lower-paid positions, and provide incentives to states for retraining or relocating workers. Obama will ask for funding to hire 200 new ATF staff to enforce gun laws. ",1
10918,Woman who accused Bill Clinton of assault to campaign against Hillary presidential run,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - One of the women who has accused former U.S. President Bill Clinton of sexual assault says she has agreed to work for an anti-Clinton political group being formed by a former advisor to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Kathleen Willey, a former White House volunteer who says Bill Clinton groped her in an Oval Office hallway in 1993 when she came to him tearfully seeking a paid job, said she had agreed to become a paid national spokeswoman for a group being created by Roger Stone. Stone, a Republican strategist, said the group would become active should Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton’s wife, win the Democratic nomination in the 2016 race for the White House. Clinton is currently the front runner.  “This gives me more of an opportunity to get this message out to young voters who weren’t even born or don’t even remember what happened and to the women who have suffered,” Willey told Reuters. Willey said she will give interviews and speeches and appear in political advertisements to ensure the accusations remain part of the political discourse during the election campaign.  “They’re going to be confronted every day, on radio, on television, on billboards,” Stone told Reuters, referring to the Clintons. He said he had reached a verbal agreement with Willey  but cautioned that the group was still in the planning stages.  Spokesmen for Hillary and Bill Clinton did not respond to questions about Willey. Stone’s political action committee, which can raise virtually unlimited funds to advocate for or against candidates, was originally created last year under the name Women Against Hillary. It was renamed in January as the Rape Accountability Project for Education PAC, or RAPE PAC.  In a 1998 deposition, Clinton “emphatically” denied Willey’s accusation he groped her, describing her as having “been through a lot” in reference to her family’s financial woes and her husband’s suicide on the day Willey says her encounter with Clinton happened. Clinton has admitted having extra-marital affairs with two other women: Monica Lewinsky, a White House intern, and Gennifer Flowers, a singer and actor from his home state of Arkansas, but he and his lawyers have said accusations by other women are false. It’s not clear whether Stone’s group will resonate with voters. A Reuters/Ipsos poll in January found that a majority of the public, including 68 percent of Democrats and 50 percent of Republicans, thought that Bill Clinton’s past sexual misconduct “made no difference” in the current race.   Among women, 56 percent said it did not matter, while another 21 percent said it would hurt Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning the election. Several Republican candidates, particularly Trump, have reminded voters of the allegations while campaigning. The Clintons and their staff have dismissed this as dirty politics. Hillary Clinton’s decision to advocate for victims of sexual assault has persuaded some of her husband’s other accusers, including Juanita Broaddrick and Paula Jones McFadden, to wade into the political season. Broaddrick and Willey say that Clinton, who has said victims of sexual assault have the “right to be believed,” is being hypocritical by doubting her husband’s accusers. When asked about the accusations by Broaddrick, Jones McFadden and Willey at a campaign event in New Hampshire in December, Hillary Clinton replied that people who say they were sexually assaulted should be “believed at first until they are disbelieved based on evidence.”  Stone released a book last year called “The Clintons’ War on Women,” for which Willey wrote the foreword. After leaving Trump’s campaign, Stone created a pro-Trump political action committee, the Committee to Restore America’s Greatness. He says he remains friendly with Trump. Trump himself, angered at Hillary Clinton calling him sexist, described Bill Clinton as “one of the great women abusers of all time” and Hillary Clinton his “enabler” at a campaign event last month. A spokeswoman for Trump, who is barred by Federal Election Commission rules from coordinating with super PACs, did not respond to questions. Stone has also helped to set up an online fundraising page to help raise money to pay for Willey’s mortgage, he said. She said she has been in financial difficult since her husband’s suicide and is facing foreclosure on her Virginia home this month.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen, editing by Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10919,Trump versus Jeb in New Hampshire on day before crucial primary,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - White House hopefuls Donald Trump and Jeb Bush opened political hostilities on Monday as Republican and Democratic candidates stormed across New Hampshire in a final flurry of events before the state’s crucial first-in-the-nation primary. The stage was set for the vote on Tuesday, with New York billionaire Trump enjoying a big lead in opinion polls of the state’s Republican voters and a host of rivals jockeying to emerge as his chief challenger for the Republican presidential nomination in the Nov. 8 election. In the race for the Democratic nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders from neighboring Vermont sought to hang on for a much-needed victory over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a week after a razor-thin loss to her in the Iowa caucuses. Sanders told a crowd of about 500 people in Nashua that his call to eradicate income inequality and level the economic playing field for lower- and middle-class workers was resonating. “I’m here today to ask your support, to join us in making that political revolution,” he said. Polls showed his big New Hampshire lead tightening but still sizable. Clinton hoped to make the finish close in a feat much like her husband’s, former President Bill Clinton, in 1992 when he declared himself “the ‘Comeback Kid.’”  “For those of you who are still deciding, still shopping, I hope I can close the deal,” Clinton said at Manchester Community College, campaigning with her raspy-voiced husband and daughter Chelsea. Clinton was reported by Politico to be pondering a staff shakeup out of concern at the messaging of her campaign. “I have no idea what they’re talking about or who they are talking to,” Clinton, responding to the report, said on MSNBC. “We’re going to take stock, but it’s going to be the campaign that I’ve got. I’m very confident in the people that I have.”  A snowstorm swept across the state but it did not slow down the last, tense full day of campaigning ahead of the primary. Trump, still rankled that Bush hit him hard at a candidates’ debate in Manchester on Saturday night, peppered his stump speeches with attacks on the former Florida governor at events in Salem and Londonderry. “This stiff, Jeb Bush,” Trump said. “He’s a total stiff. ... If you had a company, you wouldn’t even hire him. He’s like a child, like a spoiled child.” Bush fired off a tweet referring to Trump’s comment last summer that Senator John McCain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee who spent 5-1/2 years in a North Vietnamese prisoner of war camp, was not a hero because he got captured. “@realDonaldTrump, you aren’t just a loser, you are a liar and a whiner. John McCain is a hero. Over and out,” Bush said. Senator Marco Rubio’s shaky performance at Saturday’s debate gave hope to his rivals that the Floridian’s rise after a strong third-place finish in Iowa could be blunted.  Bush, Ohio Governor John Kasich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie are fighting to finish strongly enough in New Hampshire to justify staying in the race and taking their campaigns to South Carolina, which holds its primary on Feb. 20. As the New Hampshire polls stand now, Trump would win and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, who won Iowa; Rubio; Kasich; Bush; and Christie would end right behind him in a tight bunch. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and businesswoman Carly Fiorina are also in the race. Rubio wilted under an attack by Christie at the debate, repeating rehearsed lines from his stump speech in defending himself against criticism that he is not experienced enough to be president. The moment triggered commentary comparing Rubio to a robot, both in the news media and on social media. Rubio’s point was that even though he is a first-term senator, he should not be compared to Democratic President Barack Obama, who was a first-term senator when elected in 2008. He said at the debate that Obama has pushed the country in the wrong direction because of his political beliefs, not from inexperience. “The core of this campaign is that statement, and I am going to continue to say it: Barack Obama is deliberately carrying out a strategy to change America: He wants to redefine this country,” Rubio said on CBS’s “This Morning.”  (Additional reporting by John Whitesides and James Oliphant in New Hampshire and Doina Chiacu in Washington; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10920,"Before New Hampshire primary, Trump campaign shows mellower side ","PLYMOUTH, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump came to the small town of Plymouth in the New Hampshire mountains on Sunday and promised to lower prescription drug prices, improve education and help heroin addicts get treatment.  It was a day after he told a Republican debate audience that he did not want to leave poor people “dying in the streets,” and won praise by some pundits for delivering a restrained performance in which he largely avoided skewering his rivals.  It is not as if Trump, notorious for his inflammatory, demolition-derby style, has suddenly gone soft. At the same event in Plymouth, he reaffirmed his support for reviving the waterboarding of terrorism suspects and, if necessary, doing “much worse.” He mocked “poor Jeb Bush” and talked about the “stupid people” running the government.  But the past week has revealed a mellower Trump who seems less interested in slashing and burning his way to his party’s nomination for the Nov. 8 election and more willing to view his competitors with equanimity. His campaign has been working to moderate his image, showing another side of the boastful billionaire businessman whose candidacy has alarmed the Republican establishment and been marked by calls for the deportation of illegal immigrants and temporarily banning Muslims from entering the United States.  The effort began in earnest in Iowa, when Trump brought in an evangelical leader as a character witness, used his children as surrogates and stood on stage with his wife, Melania, who has been rarely seen on the campaign trail. He told Reuters in Iowa he was nervous about the result of the caucuses, where he ended up second to Ted Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas, in the first of the state-by-state nominating contests. Ahead of New Hampshire’s pivotal primary on Tuesday in which Trump leads in opinion polls, he has shared painful personal stories, stopped at diners to shake hands with patrons, and tried sending the message that despite his massive wealth and brash manner, he is a regular Joe.   Trump even admitted on CNN on Sunday that Saturday’s debate was “a lot of pressure.”  “He’s much more of an ordinary guy than (voters) would ever expect,” Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., said at a campaign stop in Tipton, New Hampshire. “He’s a down-to-earth guy.”  New Hampshire voters have rewarded candidates for emotional directness before. In 1992, they gave Democrat Bill Clinton’s flagging campaign new life when he went on television with his wife, Hillary, amid denied having an extramarital affair. Sixteen years later, they handed Hillary Clinton a much-needed win after she broke down at an event and cried. The blunt-spoken Republican John McCain won the state’s primary twice, in 2000 and 2008.  Despite leading in polls in several early voting states, Trump could use some image enhancement. National polls almost uniformly show that more than 50 percent of Americans view him unfavorably.  During his last weekend in Iowa, Trump abandoned his usual campaign format in which he stands a podium and addresses the crowd in favor of a sit-down with Jerry Falwell Jr., son of the late evangelical activist, in which Trump answered his questions with little bombast. Falwell vouched for Trump’s generosity, telling of a couple who helped Trump after his limousine broke down in rural New York and how he in turn paid off their mortgage.  At those events, Trump made a show of presenting a giant fake check, sweepstakes-style, to groups that aid disabled veterans.  “I watch all these candidates,” he said of his rivals. “I’m nicer than all of them.” In New Hampshire, Trump has opened up about the loss of his older brother to alcoholism in 1981.  “My brother Fred was a great guy. I mean, he had everything,” Trump said. “The most handsome guy. And then he got hooked — and there was nothing, there was nothing we could do about it.”  Trump picked up that thread on Sunday in Plymouth, saying:  “We’re going to take the people who are badly addicted. We’re going to work to make them better.” Trump’s motorcade stopped earlier at a diner in Manchester, where he greeted star-struck patrons, drank hot chocolate and ordered eggs and bacon.  During his appearance in Plymouth, he barely mentioned his competitors and did not mention building a wall along the border with Mexico until someone in the crowd shouted it out. He also resisted taking aim at Marco Rubio, the U.S. senator from Florida, whose faltering performance at Saturday’s debate seemed tailor-made for the back of Trump’s hand. Instead, Trump told the audience: “I love you folks. You’re amazing people. “On Tuesday, go out and vote,” he said, adding with a grin: “If you’re not going to vote for me, do not vote.”   (Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Caren Bohan and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10921,Obama seeks funds to fight Zika; sees no cause for panic,"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will ask the U.S. Congress for more than $1.8 billion in emergency funds to fight Zika at home and abroad and pursue a vaccine, the White House said on Monday, but he added there is no reason to panic over the mosquito-borne virus. Zika, spreading rapidly in South and Central America and the Caribbean, has been linked to severe birth defects in Brazil, and public health officials’ concern is focused on pregnant women and women who may become pregnant. Obama’s request to Congress includes $200 million for research, development and commercialization of new vaccines and diagnostic tests for the virus. At least 12 groups are working to develop a vaccine. On Monday, the London-based European Medicines Agency (EMA), Europe’s drugs regulator, said it established an expert task force to advise companies working on Zika vaccines and medicines, mirroring similar action during the two-year-long  Ebola epidemic that started in December 2013 and the pandemic flu outbreak in 2009. There are no vaccines or treatment for Zika and none even undergoing clinical studies. Most infected people either have no symptoms or develop mild ones like fever and skin rashes. “The good news is this is not like Ebola; people don’t die of Zika. A lot of people get it and don’t even know that they have it,” Obama told CBS News in an interview aired on Monday. “But there shouldn’t be panic on this. This is not something where people are going to die from it. It is something we have to take seriously.” Most of the money sought by Obama, who faces pressure from Republicans and some fellow Democrats to act decisively on Zika, would be spent in the United States on testing, surveillance and response in affected areas, including the creation of rapid-response teams to contain outbreak clusters. At a White House briefing, Dr. Anne Schuchat, principal deputy director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said she was not expecting “large-scale amounts of serious Zika infections” in the continental United States as warmer months bring larger and more active mosquito populations. “We do think it’s likely that we will have limited local transmission in some of the southern states,” Schuchat said. Obama’s funding request to Congress includes $335 million for the U.S. Agency for International Development to support mosquito-control, maternal health and other Zika-related public health efforts in affected countries in the Americas. Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told the White House briefing a vaccine likely would not be widely available “for a few years.” Fauci said he anticipated beginning a so-called Phase 1 trial this summer for a Zika vaccine that would take about three months to test if it is safe and induces a good immune response before further studies can be conducted. The CDC said its Zika emergency operations center, with a staff of 300, has been placed on its highest level of activation, reflecting a need for accelerated preparedness for possible local virus transmission by mosquitoes in the continental United States. Some lawmakers have urged Obama to name a Zika “czar” to head U.S. efforts against the virus, but Fauci said he sees no need right now for such an appointment. Much remains unknown about Zika, including whether the virus actually causes microcephaly, a condition marked by abnormally small head size that can result in developmental problems. Brazil is investigating the potential link between Zika infections and more than 4,000 suspected cases of microcephaly.  Researchers have identified evidence of Zika infection in 17 of these cases, either in the baby or in the mother, but have not confirmed that Zika can cause microcephaly.  Word that Zika can be spread by sexual transmission and blood transfusions and its discovery in saliva and urine of infected people have added to concern over the virus.  The World Health Organization declared the outbreak an international health emergency on Feb. 1, citing a “strongly suspected” relationship between Zika infection in pregnancy to microcephaly. Brazil is grappling with the virus even as it prepares to host the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in August, with tens of thousands of athletes and tourists anticipated. The U.S. Olympic Committee has told U.S. sports federations that athletes and staff concerned about their health due to Zika should consider not going to the Olympics. The message was delivered in a conference call involving USOC officials and leaders of U.S. sports federations in late January. Former Olympian Donald Anthony, president and board chairman of USA Fencing, said, “One of the things that they immediately said was, especially for women that may be pregnant or even thinking of getting pregnant, that whether you are scheduled to go to Rio or no, that you shouldn’t go.” At the White House, Fauci said athletes would need to make a personal decision about whether or not to skip the Olympics.   ",1
10922,U.S. health official: Widespread Zika vaccine not likely to be available for years,"(Reuters) - U.S. health officials said on Monday that a widespread vaccine to combat the Zika virus will likely not be available for years. Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters during a briefing at the White House that initial steps are under way but health officials believe it is “unlikely to have vaccine that’s widely available for a few years.” ",1
10923,Former NYC Mayor Bloomberg says eyeing 2016 run for president: FT,"(Reuters) - Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, said he is considering running for U.S. president in 2016, the Financial Times reported on Monday. The 73-year-old founder of the eponymous financial information group was critical of the quality of debate in the presidential contest and said he was “looking at all the options” when asked whether he was considering a run, the newspaper said. “I find the level of discourse and discussion distressingly banal and an outrage and an insult to the voters,” Bloomberg told the Financial Times in an interview, adding that the U.S. public deserved “a lot better.” Bloomberg has told aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the U.S. presidency, a source familiar with the situation told Reuters on Jan. 23, confirming a report in the New York Times. He would be willing to spend at least $1 billion of his own money on a campaign for the November 2016 election, according to the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the former mayor’s thinking. Bloomberg has given himself an early March deadline for entering the race, the source said, after commissioning a poll in December to see how he would fare against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, the Republican and Democratic front-runners. No third-party candidate has ever won a U.S. presidential election. But Bloomberg, who has close Wall Street ties and liberal social views, sees an opening for his candidacy if Republicans nominate Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz and the Democrats nominate Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, the source said.    A recent Reuters/Ipsos poll showed a third-party presidential run by Bloomberg would be a long shot but could help real estate mogul Donald Trump if he lands the Republican nomination. In a matchup between Trump and Clinton, adding Bloomberg’s name to the ballot would trim Clinton’s lead over Trump to six percentage points from 10, according to the poll conducted from Jan. 23 to Jan. 27. In a matchup pitting Trump versus Sanders, adding Bloomberg would erode Sanders’ lead over Trump to seven points from 12, the poll results showed. In all matchups, Bloomberg himself would land just 10 percent or less of the vote in November. The 73-year-old financial information industry billionaire, who earned a reputation as a social liberal with strong Wall Street ties during his time as New York City mayor, has considered a White House run for years.      (Additional reporting by Dustin Volz and Steve Holland in Washington and Chris Kahn in New York; Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Andrew Hay) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10924,Clinton campaign denies staffing changes in works,"WASHINGTON/MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair denied a Monday report that she is considering staff changes after the New Hampshire nominating contest on Tuesday. “There is zero truth to what you may be reading. It’s wrong. Hillary stands behind her team, period,” Chairman John Podesta tweeted. Podesta was responding to a Politico report that Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had planned to reassess staffing and strategy after the first four primaries but are becoming increasingly critical of their aides and demanded the evaluation sooner. The former secretary of state would be more inclined to add new staff rather than fire current employees, according to the Politico story, which cited six unnamed sources. Clinton, once the clear front-runner for the Democratic nomination, has lost ground to challenger Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont who is expected to win the New Hampshire primary. Last week she narrowly beat Sanders in the Iowa caucuses, the first nominating contest for the Nov. 8 election. Asked by MSNBC about the Politico story, Clinton said: “I have no idea what they’re talking about or who they are talking to.” “We’re going to take stock, but it’s going to be the campaign that I’ve got,” Clinton said in the interview with MSNBC. “I’m very confident in the people that I have. I’m very committed to them. They’re committed to doing the best we can,” she said.  (Reporting by Megan Cassella and Amanda Becker; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10925,Potential New Hampshire spoiler Kasich could pose threat to Rubio  ,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate John Kasich is polling in the low single digits nationally but may be poised to play the role of spoiler in Tuesday’s New Hampshire primary by cutting into the support of higher-profile rivals such as Marco Rubio.     The Ohio governor, who is vowing to erase the U.S. budget deficit without shredding the safety net for poor Americans, has built a base of support among moderate Republicans and independent voters, who wield special clout in New Hampshire because they can vote in either party’s primary. Kasich, 63, has the support of about 12 to 14 percent of New Hampshire’s voters in recent polls. The former congressman has staked the viability of his White House aspirations on New Hampshire, whose pivotal primary is part of the state-by-state contests to pick the party nominees for the Nov. 8 election to replace Democratic President Barack Obama. While well behind billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump, Kasich’s poll numbers are close to those of Rubio, a U.S. senator from Florida who is seeking to build on his momentum after a third-place finish in last Monday’s Iowa caucuses behind Trump and winner Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas. “I found great clarity here in New Hampshire,” Kasich said on Sunday in Concord. “These town halls, you know, they’re getting bigger and I don’t know how I feel about them getting bigger.”     The event marked his 102nd town hall in the state. For the 100th, in Bedford on Friday, the campaign celebrated with confetti and a cake that was served to voters attending the event.     Kasich told stories of personal connections he said he had made with voters at town halls, including with a woman whose daughter has struggled with addiction.      “She said: ‘My daughter has been sober for 11 months,’” Kasich said, asking the crowd: “Do you have any idea what this lady’s life is like?’”  He added he had promised to call the daughter and tell her: “Your mom is counting on you.” The latest Reuters/Ipsos poll put Kasich’s support nationally at 3.4 percent. Kasich himself jokes about his lack of name recognition, saying voters often mispronounce his last name. But among New Hampshire voters, a Monmouth University poll released on Sunday found Kasich at 14 percent, compared with 30 percent for Trump and 13 percent for Rubio and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. Rubio was criticized last year by Republican strategists who said he had not done enough to woo voters in New Hampshire in intimate settings such as coffee shops and town halls. This year, however, he has campaigned intensively in the state and often holds town halls. But Rubio came under heavy attack in the Republican presidential debate on Saturday from rivals who accused him of being too inexperienced for the White House. Kasich delivered a positive message during the debate that could appeal to New Hampshire Republican voters, who famously make up their minds late and never seem in the mood to follow the lead of the Iowa caucuses.     Some of Kasich’s supporters are passionate about him.     “It’s authenticity, brother. You have my vote,” one man told him at the Bedford town hall.     Others were weighing their options.     Tim Vanblommesteyn, 62, who attended the Kasich town hall in Concord, said he was “disgusted” with both political parties but liked some of what the Ohio governor had to say. The small-business owner and self-described independent praised Kasich for taking what he said was a “principled stand” on immigration reform, an issue that has aroused fiery campaign rhetoric, including from Trump, who has called for deporting illegal immigrants. Kasich has said the United States should secure its borders but that illegal immigrants who have not committed a crime should be able to pay back taxes and get on a path to legalization.     Anne Brena, 53, a Democrat from neighboring Vermont, said she came to the Concord event to learn more about the governor.     Brena said she thought Democrat Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from her home state, was too liberal to win the general election and she has concerns that his rival, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, has too much “baggage” to win the White House.     “John Kasich is the only Republican that sounds reasonable,” she said. (This version of the story was refiled to fix  typographical error in Clinton’s former title, paragraph 22)  (Reporting by Emily Stephenson and Amanda Becker; Editing by Caren Bohan and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10926,"Obama to call for increases in budget for SEC, CFTC: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s fiscal 2017 budget will call for an 11 percent increase in funding for the Securities and Exchange Commission and a 32 percent increase for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, a White House official said on Monday. Obama will propose that the SEC be given $1.8 billion and the CFTC $330 million in the budget, economic adviser Jeffrey Zients said in a blog post on the White House website. “Last year the Administration fought hard to keep Congressional Republicans from using must-pass budget legislation to roll back Wall Street Reform,” he wrote, referring to fiscal 2016. “We also fought to increase funding for financial regulators and to maintain their independence. But even these gains aren’t enough.” “And while the Administration is pushing for more funding for these regulators, we’ll also continue to oppose efforts to restrict the funding independence of the other financial regulators, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau,” he wrote.  The Republican-controlled Congress is likely to oppose these and many other proposals in Obama’s budget. In addition to the proposed increases from the previous fiscal year, the budget will offer support again for user fees to fund the CFTC in a similar way to other financial regulators, Zients said. “Fee funding would shift the costs of regulatory services provided by the CFTC from the taxpayer to the very firms that benefit from the CFTC’s oversight.  This is a commonsense change that is long overdue,” he said. The budget would also take steps to reduce risk in the financial sector by assessing a fee against large financial institutions based on their liabilities. “We learned the hard way in 2008 just how damaging risk and leverage in the financial system can be, and we’ve done a lot to curb excessive risk on Wall Street since,” Zients said, referring to the global financial crisis. “This fee is another way to further those reforms, ensuring that taxpayers aren’t on the hook for risky Wall Street gambles.” Federal fiscal 2017 begins on Oct. 1 of this year. ",1
10927,Lawyers see limited legal options for workers sent in Zika's way,"(Reuters) - Employees of U.S. companies seeking to avoid exposure to the Zika virus likely have few legal avenues to either refuse travel to affected areas or sue if they actually become sick from the virus. But it may be a different story if such workers subsequently give birth to Zika-infected babies. Since Zika was detected in Brazil last year, the mosquito-borne virus has spread to 33 countries, most of them in the Americas.  The World Health Organization declared an international health emergency because of strong suspicions that infections in pregnant women may cause microcephaly, a condition in which infants are born with abnormally small heads and can suffer developmental problems.     While the virus had typically caused mild symptoms in adults, it also has been linked to an autoimmune disorder called Guillain-Barre syndrome that can cause paralysis. U.S. and world health authorities are not currently warning against all travel to affected areas, as they did with the 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa. They are, however, advising pregnant women to consider postponing travel, and all travelers to take precautions to avoid mosquito bites.    Adherence to the recommendations of the U.S. Department of State or the World Health Organization would shield companies to a large degree from claims they acted recklessly in sending employees into Zika-affected areas, lawyers who typically represent employers say.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) further recommends that travelers wear insect repellent and sleep with mosquito nets in places where they might be bitten, among other measures.     “Your defense to any sort of claim is that you follow the public health guidance,” said Mark Lies, a lawyer with the firm Seyfarth Shaw, which specializes in advising companies on employment issues.     Such advisories also mean workers probably would not be protected from termination if they refuse to go to an affected area, lawyers said. While the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act gives workers the right to refuse dangerous tasks, those tasks must pose an immediate risk of death or serious injury. Something like working with a “defective tool that has electrical sparks coming out of it” would meet that standard, said Ben Huggett of Littler, another employment law firm. Traveling to a Zika-affected area, on the other hand, would probably not, he said. Lies said upgraded warnings in the event Zika proves more lethal or virulent could give workers more of a right to refuse travel. But he said OSHA affords no special protection for pregnant women under current threat levels. The law governs only the safety of employees, not any unborn children they may be carrying.     If employees contract Zika while traveling on the job, any immediate harm they suffer would be covered by worker’s compensation insurance, a form of no-fault insurance that applies to injuries suffered on the job. Virtually all states require employers to obtain worker’s compensation insurance and mandate that it be the sole remedy for workplace injuries. Worker’s compensation covers lost wages and medical care but awards are typically smaller than private lawsuits, which can seek to recover damages for pain and suffering, as well as punitive damages for negligence.   Whether worker’s compensation would cover any purported Zika-related injuries in an employee’s baby is less clear. Huggett said that a fetal injury might be covered as being derivative of the mother’s injury. Huggett said he was unaware of any case that directly addressed worker’s compensation for a fetus harmed by an infectious disease.    “It’s really an open question,” he said.     Lies said he did not believe worker’s compensation would generally cover injury to a fetus but thought it could open the door for an employee to bring a lawsuit against her employer for negligence.     “If someone is pregnant, or trying to get pregnant, or could get pregnant, you could have a case,” said Katherine Dudley Helms, a lawyer with employment law firm Ogletree Deakins.     Many states limit worker’s compensation to several years’ pay, while a damage award for a severely impaired child could reach tens of millions of dollars, according to Michael Jones, an employment lawyer with Reed Smith. Michael Gerson of California firm Boxer & Gerson, who brings claims on behalf of employees, said such a case would still be a challenge if the company followed official warnings. The evidence would have to show “that the mother was never given adequate warning to protect herself as she was going into this type of environment,” he said. But Jones said such cases would be tough for the employer too. “I would be concerned if I sent an employee to a high risk region,” he said. “If that claim gets in front of a jury, you’re going to be looking at a very sympathetic plaintiff.” Reuters reported last week that several international airlines are allowing flight crew members who are or may become pregnant to request reassignment to routes that avoid Zika-affected areas.  A spokeswoman for one of the airlines, American(AAL.O), declined to comment on possible legal liability requiring such travel could have created, saying the company’s policy was motivated by concern for employees’ well-being. United(UAL.N) and Delta(DAL.N), which have also offered to reassign their employees, could not immediately be reached.     ",1
10928,"Obama, Canada's Trudeau discuss fight against Islamic State: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama spoke by telephone on Monday with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about Canada’s role in the international effort to combat Islamic State, the White House said. Obama “welcomed Canada’s current and new contributions to coalition efforts and highlighted Canada’s leadership in the coalition,” the White House said in a statement. Trudeau on Monday said Canada would pull out its six jets that have been bombing targets in Iraq and Syria as a part of the fight against the Islamic State. ",1
10929,Corporate winners of Obama budget still face long odds,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Facing a hostile Congress in an election year, President Barack Obama will be hard-pressed to push through many of the proposals in his final budget as U.S. leader.  But that could be a silver lining for investors: If the long-shot plans gain traction, companies that stand to win new business or funding from proposed spending, such as auto suppliers, hospital chains and construction firms, could get an unexpected boost to their shares. Some details of the budget plan, set to be unveiled on Tuesday, already are known. It will include $4 billion over 10 years for development of safe-driving vehicles, an area already of interest to many companies.  Added funding could benefit suppliers such as Delphi Automotive, Autoliv and Mobileye, which are developing safety features for autonomously driven cars, and Lear, which makes electrical power systems, according to Brian Sponheimer, analyst at Gabelli & Co. “The market discounts that any proposals by this administration will be if not ignored, then outright put down,” Sponheimer said. “There clearly is upside if it passes, but there is a very healthy skepticism that that is likely to take place.” Obama’s plan to fund an overhaul of the nation’s infrastructure through a $10-a-barrel tax on crude oil could also boost engineering and construction firms such as Granite Construction said Morris Ajzenman, an analyst at Griffin Securities. “But I give very very little probability that it comes to pass.” Similarly, Ipsita Smolinski, managing director at healthcare research consulting firm Capitol Street, said it was doubtful the Republican Congress would approve Obama’s plan to aid the 19 state governments that passed up an earlier offer to expand the Medicaid program for low-income Americans. Such a plan, she said, would benefit hospital companies including Tenet Healthcare and HCA Holdings and Medicaid insurers such as Centene and Molina Healthcare. More palatable to Congress could be Obama’s push for $755 million to jumpstart cancer research. But that level of investment without being more targeted may not benefit any specific firms, given that so many drug and biotech companies are invested in developing cancer therapies. Major defense contractors - including Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon and General Dynamics - stand to benefit from the budget, said Sterne Agee CRT analyst Peter Arment. “It’s an election year, national security is at the top of the priority list and a lot of elected officials – they don’t want to be tied to cutting defense,” Arment said.             ",1
10930,House committee to hold Puerto Rico hearing Feb. 25,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources is to hold a hearing on Puerto Rico on Feb. 25, it said in a statement, as Congress tries to come up with a solution for the debt-ridden U.S. territory. The oversight hearing will be about the U.S. Treasury’s analysis of the situation in Puerto Rico, the statement said. The island has around $70 billion of debt and has defaulted on some of its borrowings.  ",1
10931,"Obama, Italy's Mattarella discuss fight against Islamic State in Libya","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and Italian President Sergio Mattarella met on Monday in the White House and discussed efforts to work together to combat the Islamic State in Libya. During a meeting in the Oval Office, Obama and Mattarella talked about the need to help Libya form a united government. “That will allow us to help them build up their security capacity and to push back against efforts by ISIL to gain a foothold in that country,” Obama told reporters after the meeting, using an acronym for Islamic State.  Islamic State forces have attacked Libya’s oil infrastructure and taken control of the city of Sirte, exploiting a power vacuum in the North African country where two rival governments have been battling for supremacy. Obama and Mattarella also discussed the refugee crisis facing Europe and the situation in Iraq and Syria. ",1
10932,"Exclusive: Presidential hopefuls Sanders, Clinton in dead heat - Reuters/Ipsos poll","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders has erased Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s wide lead for the Democratic presidential nomination since the start of year, putting the two in a dead heat nationally, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. Clinton leads Sanders 48 percent to 45 percent among Democratic voters, according to the poll of 512 Americans, conducted Feb. 2-5 following the Iowa caucus. The poll has a credibility interval of 5 percentage points. Democrats had been supporting Clinton by more than a 2-to-1 margin at the beginning of the year. Sanders has narrowed that lead considerably over the past several weeks. Clinton beat Sanders narrowly in the Iowa caucuses, the nation’s first nomination contest ahead of the November election, but is expected to lose to him in New Hampshire. The two rivals clashed on Thursday night in their first one-on-one debate, reflecting the tightness of the race.  There is still a wide gap between the two in name recognition nationally. Nearly a quarter of Democrats and two-fifths of Independents say they are still not that familiar with Sanders. In comparison, Clinton has almost total name recognition among voters.  On the Republican side, Donald Trump continued to lead the field with 40 percent support. His level of support among Republicans was relatively unchanged following his second-place finish in the Iowa caucus. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas followed with 16 percent and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida came in third with 13 percent.  * Democrat poll results: bit.ly/1Ppdeh2 * Republican poll results: bit.ly/1URswih For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here).  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Lisa Shumaker) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10933,Democratic donor contacts Biden allies about possible run,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A prominent Democratic donor worried about the party’s chances of winning the presidency emailed dozens of fans of Vice President Joe Biden on Friday, urging them to remain prepared to donate if Biden jumps into the race. The donor, Bill Bartmann, cited new polling showing Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont nearly tied with the Hillary Clinton, eroding the 30-point lead the former secretary of state held at the end of last year. Bartmann and other party insiders are concerned that Sanders, a self-proclaimed Democratic socialist, is too far to the left to win against a Republican in the Nov. 8 presidential election.  “We cannot afford to lose the White House,” Bartmann wrote in the email, seen by Reuters.  The email drew a string of affirmative responses, also seen by Reuters. Biden announced in October that he would not seek the presidency, despite support from a group of backers under the name “Draft Biden 2016.” But whispers have continued among some donors who hope that Biden could be convinced to run after all should Clinton’s campaign prove fruitless. “My sitting on the sidelines has a lot to do with my disappointment that the vice president decided not to get in the race,” Patrick Baskette, one of the recipients of Bartmann’s email, told Reuters. Baskette, a public affairs consultant in Tampa, Florida, was a special assistant to Biden during his time as a senator.  Baskette said he was not opposed to either Clinton or Sanders. “I don’t think that they offer the solutions to our nation’s future that Joe Biden does,” he added.     Clinton only barely squeaked out a win against Sanders in the Iowa caucus this week, adding to fears that she could lose a nomination that once was thought all but inevitable for her. Clinton is widely expected to lose the New Hampshire primary to Sanders on Tuesday. “Count me in,” Gary Hindes, chief executive of the Delaware Bay Company LLC and a former chairman of the Delaware Democratic Party, wrote on the email chain.  “I am hoping that the stars line up right and that Joe becomes the nominee,” Hindes said to Reuters. “Sanders is too far to the left,” he added, saying Clinton could be vulnerable as well.  “My heart is with Joe,” Hindes said.      (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Leslie Adler) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10934,Factbox: What will be in Obama's final budget proposal?,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama is set on Tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, his final year in office.  But since the Republican-controlled Congress controls the purse strings, much of Obama’s plan likely will be shelved. The following are some of the proposals that will be included: The Pentagon will ask for more than $7 billion for the fight against Islamic State, up about 35 percent from the previous year’s budget request to Congress, and wants a fourfold increase for military training and exercises in Europe to support NATO allies. In a long-shot bid to raise $20 billion to expand transit systems and research self-driving cars, Obama will propose a $10-a-barrel tax on crude oil.  Obama will seek a 20-percent boost for renewable energy research funding to a total of $7.7 billion. Obama will propose a $2.5 billion tax credit over five years for businesses that invest in community college programs and then hire their graduates. The budget will propose a 1.6 percent pay increase for military and civilian federal personnel. Obama will ask for $1.1 billion in new funding to expand treatment for people addicted to heroin and prescription pain killers, a growing epidemic. Obama pledged more than $450 million in aid to Colombia to help with security and integrating rebel combatants into society under a pending peace deal to end Latin America’s longest war. Obama will propose $12 billion over 10 years to supplement food stamps for poor families when school meal programs are closed in the summer, $2 billion in emergency aid for families in crisis, a combined $328 million in education and housing grants to poor neighborhoods, and a $15 million pilot program to help poor families move to better neighborhoods. The budget will include three years of federal funding to 19 state governments that passed up an earlier offer to expand Medicaid coverage for more than 4 million low-income people. Obama will ask for tweaks to a tax on certain health insurance plans that is unpopular with labor unions. The White House will ask for $5.5 billion in incentives for businesses that hire young people and $200 million for apprenticeship programs. Obama will propose $4 billion for states and $100 million for school districts to expand computer science in schools. The budget will include $1 billion over five years to help coal-mining regions with economic development. The White House will ask for $755 million for Vice President Joe Biden’s “moonshot” effort to find new cancer treatments. The budget will include $700 million in agricultural research grants, double the spending level in 2016. Obama has proposed $500 million to boost access to mental healthcare as part of his push to address gun violence. Obama will propose $95 million for a new office responsible for background checks for federal employees. As part of reforms to the criminal justice system, Obama will ask for $24 million for better housing for inmates with serious mental illnesses. Obama will propose tax credits for small businesses offering 401(k) plans or expanding access to retirement savings programs. Obama will seek to expand unemployment insurance to more types of workers, provide wage insurance for workers moving to lower-paid positions, and provide incentives to states for retraining or relocating workers. Obama will ask for funding to hire 200 new ATF staff to enforce gun laws. ",1
10935,Clinton slams student loan servicer Navient as misleading,"HENNIKER, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said during a student town hall on Saturday that student loan servicer Navient Corp has been “misleading people” and “doing some really terrible things.” “Their behavior is outrageous,” Clinton said at New England College, where she was campaigning ahead of the state’s nominating contest on Tuesday, Feb. 9. Clinton’s criticism of the student loan servicer comes after she lost badly among young voters to Democratic challenger Bernie Sanders in last week’s Iowa caucus. She received 11 percent of the vote among 17 to 24 year olds who caucused in Iowa versus 86 percent who supported Sanders, according to a NBC News exit poll. Clinton’s statements came in the response to a question from the audience related to student debt. Navient is being investigated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau over late fees and other matters, the company revealed in an August regulatory filing. “We understand the politicization of student loans, but we remain focused on delivering excellent service to our customers,” said Navient spokeswoman Patricia Christel in a statement, inviting Clinton to come meet their “hardworking employees and learn firsthand about our industry-leading default prevention work.”   (Reporting by Amanda Becker; Editing by James Dalgleish and Nick Zieminski) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10936,"Rubio falters in presidential debate, offering hope to rivals","MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Republican White House contender Marco Rubio struggled at a debate on Saturday at the worst possible time, potentially confounding his bid to emerge as Donald Trump’s chief rival in New Hampshire and giving hope to three rivals desperate for a strong showing.   Under assault from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie over his level of experience as a first-term U.S. senator from Florida, Rubio retreated time and again to canned statements from his stump speech and looked uncomfortably rattled for the first time after seamless performances at seven prior debates. “Marco, the thing is this,” Christie said during one heated exchange early in the night, “when you’re president of the United States, when you’re a governor of a state, the memorized 30-second speech where you talk about how great America is at the end of it doesn’t solve one problem for one person.”  While Rubio recovered later in the debate, the timing of his performance was terrible, coming three days before New Hampshire Republicans register their choices on Tuesday in the nation’s second nominating contest. The debate at St. Anselm College was the last face-off of the candidates before the vote. Rubio’s tough moments may breathe new life into the campaigns of Christie, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich, three experienced politicians who, like Rubio, represent establishment Republicans. All three have suffered from the dominance of front-runner  Trump in the Republican race. They are badly in need of a breakout moment to change the trajectory of the battle in New Hampshire, where the polls show Trump in the lead, Rubio in second and Texas Senator Ted Cruz in third place. Trump did not have his best debate. He looked flustered in a fight with Bush over the use of eminent domain in advancing the interests of public use projects and private industry. But he seemed to do well enough to possibly win on Tuesday in what would represent his first victory of the 2016 race, erasing the pain from a loss in the Iowa caucus last week, where he finished second to Cruz and just ahead of the surging Rubio. A victory in New Hampshire could put Trump on track for more wins in South Carolina on Feb. 20 and beyond on the way to the Nov. 8 election. For the second debate in a row, Bush looked polished and sounded like the candidate many establishment Republicans had pinned their hopes on. His problem is it may be too late. Kasich, likely to end his candidacy if he does not do well on Tuesday, delivered a positive message that could appeal to New Hampshire Republican voters, who famously make up their minds late and never seem in the mood to follow the lead of the Iowa caucuses, won by Cruz. The trouble for Rubio began soon after the debate started when the ABC News moderators asked Christie about Rubio’s experience in the U.S. Senate, and Christie pressed his case. Rubio critics have made much of the fact that his experience is akin to that of much-derided Democratic President Barack Obama, elected in 2008 when a first-term senator.  Rubio’s defense was that his and Obama’s world views are different, not that Obama has simply led the country down the path it is on because of inexperience. “Let’s dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn’t know what he’s doing. He knows exactly what he’s doing,” Rubio said. When Rubio repeated the same line again, Christie sought to reinforce the charge that Rubio is so inexperienced that he relies on well-worn talking points and cannot think on his feet. “There it is. There it is. The memorized 25-second speech. There it is, everybody,” Christie said. Rubio repeated the line enough that someone created a Twitter profile called @RubioGlitch that repeated his line about Obama. Bush attacked Trump for using eminent domain, which allows governments to seize private lands for projects for the public good, to help him build casino complexes in Atlantic City. Eminent domain is a frequent target of criticism from conservative and anti-government groups. “What Donald Trump did was use eminent domain to try to take the property of an elderly woman on the strip in Atlantic City. That is not public purpose. That is downright wrong,” he said. Trump said eminent domain was “a good thing” and was necessary to building roads, bridges, schools and hospitals. “Certainly, it’s a necessity for our country,” he said. “He wants to be a tough guy, and it doesn’t work very well,” Trump said of Bush, telling the son and brother of former presidents to be quiet. When the crowd booed, Trump said, “that’s all his donors and special interests out there.” Trump, known for his tough stances with calls to ban Muslims from visiting the United States and deport immigrants without the proper documents, also called for a more empathetic view of the Republican call to repeal Obamacare insurance coverage for Americans. “There will be a certain number of people who will be on the street dying, and as a Republican I don’t want that to happen,” he said. Trump captured the biggest share of the conversation on Twitter during the debate, winning 33 percent of the conversation followed by Rubio at 20 percent and Cruz at 15 percent.  (Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson and Alana Wise in Washington; Writing by Steve Holland and John Whitesides; Editing by Mary Milliken, Paul Simao and Robert Birsel) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10937,Trump says New Hampshire win not necessary to secure nomination,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he does not have to win the New Hampshire primary vote on Tuesday to secure the nomination, apparently tamping down expectations despite holding a double-digit lead in that state’s polls.     The billionaire businessman came in second to Texas Senator Ted Cruz in the Iowa caucuses last week, although polls put him ahead. His candidacy has alarmed the Republican establishment and has been marked by rows, including over his calls for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. No Republican has won the presidential nomination without winning either the Iowa caucuses or the New Hampshire primary since the 1970s, but it would not technically be impossible.  Asked whether a loss in New Hampshire would derail his campaign, Trump told the NBC News show “Meet the Press”: “I don’t think I need it. I hope that I get it.”  “I would like to win but I don’t know that it is necessary.”    Recent opinion polls give him a lead of between 10 and 22 percentage points over the next closest contender.  Trump has built his campaign in part around his self-declared reputation as a “winner,” and a loss in New Hampshire would intensify doubts that he can translate opinion poll support into votes. He also told “Meet the Press” that he has spent as much as $50 million less than expected on the campaign so far, in part because the media provides him so much free publicity. “People like you put me on. What do I take a commercial for?” Trump told the show’s moderator, Chuck Todd. (This story has been refiled to restore dropped word “in” in 2nd paragraph; restores quotation marks to “Meet the Press” in paragraphs 4 and 8)  (Reporting by Howard Schneider; Editing by Louise Ireland) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10938,"Trump calls for waterboarding, other methods in U.S. fight against Islamic State","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican White House front-runner Donald Trump said on Sunday he would be open to harsh measures to deal with the threat from Islamic State, including going beyond the controversial interrogation tactic known as waterboarding. In an interview on ABC’s “This Week” program, Trump discussed reviving the tactic and implementing other interrogation techniques, pointing to the recent beheadings of Christians in the Middle East as evidence of the need for stronger interrogation methods for suspected operatives of extremist groups. “We’re like living in medieval times,” he said. “If I have to do it and if it’s up to me, I would absolutely bring back waterboardng. And if it’s going to be tougher than waterboarding, I would bring that back, too.” When pressed by interviewer George Stephanopoulos if that meant the United States employing similar methods of beheading captors, Trump responded: “We’re going to do things beyond waterboarding,” adding, “Perhaps, if that happens to come.” The issue of waterboarding and other methods of interrogation was raised during Saturday night’s New Hampshire Republican debate aired on ABC, with the billionaire businessman saying he would not only revive the controversial method’s use, but bring back “a hell of a lot worse”  if elected. Waterboarding is the practice of pouring water over someone’s face to mimic drowning as an interrogation tactic. Critics say it is torture, and Democratic President Barack Obama banned use of the method days after taking office in 2009. Trump’s rival and a fellow leader in opinion polls, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, said during the debate that he would only allow limited use of the practice but said it did not constitute torture.    Waterboarding was used by the CIA under the Bush administration during the early days of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Its defenders say it helped to keep America safe by garnering more information from captives, but critics argued the method never actually yielded actionable intelligence. Republicans have been critical of Obama’s decision to eliminate the practice, saying it telegraphs a position of weakness to the nation’s enemies and concedes that the United States erred in using waterboarding. On Sunday, Trump argued that the “evil” nature of modern times required more robust interrogation techniques, saying that U.S. enemies are thriving in the absence of them. “They laugh at us.  Our enemies laugh at us, George.  They say waterboarding, they don’t even think it’s a form - you know, they don’t even view that as real torture,” he said. New Hampshire, where Trump maintains a lead over Republican rivals in the U.S. nominating contest for the Nov. 8 election, casts its primary ballots on Tuesday, the week after Iowa kicked off the process.  (Editing by Caren Bohan, Mary Milliken and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10939,"Rubio, Christie and Kasich get more debate traction on social media","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump lost his social media dominance for the first time during the Republican presidential debates as the candidates made their eighth showing Saturday night in New Hampshire. Instead, many on Twitter took to mocking contender Senator Marco Rubio, who came under heavy attack on Saturday from rivals. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie also saw a big bump in his share of the social conversation. By the end of the night, Trump, who has the most followers, still received the largest share of mentions on Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), with 33 percent compared to Rubio’s 20 percent. Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, came in third, with 15 percent.  But Twitter said an hour into the debate that Rubio was the most tweeted about candidate on the social media platform, marking the first time a candidate other than Trump came out on top within that time frame.  Overall, Rubio received 10 more mentions per minute on Twitter than he did during the last Republican debate on Jan. 28, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. Three days before New Hampshire’s primary for the Nov. 8 election, many of the mentions were negative as Rubio became a target for continuing to repeat many of the same lines from his campaign stump speech. “Marco, the thing is this,” said rival Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey, “when you’re president of the United States, when you’re a governor of a state, the memorized 30-second speech where you talk about how great America is at the end of it doesn’t solve one problem for one person.” That moment was measured by Twitter as one of the top social moments of the night. Actress Mia Farrow, @MiaFarrow, tweeted, “Rubio keeps saying the same thing.” A Marco Rubio Glitch (@RubioGlitch) account also emerged, gaining nearly 1,200 followers as of Saturday night as it parodied Rubio as a robot in tweets in Spanish and English. Rubio also had his worst performance yet with millennials on the popular messaging app Yik Yak, where he had a 44 percent disapproval rating. In contrast, Ohio Governor John Kasich had his best performance with millennials, earning a 41.4 approval rating, and maintaining the largest share of the conversation on Yik Yak. The debate was also a big night on social media for Christie, who has rarely been a top contender in social mentions. According to Brandwatch, a social media analytics firm, he had the second highest percentage of positive social mentions, 61.5 percent, compared to Trump’s 62.5 percent. Tyler Freeman (@tyfreem) tweeted, “#GOPDebate Chris Christie has been most underrated candidate the whole campaign. He finally stood out tonight. One of the best performances.”  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Leela de Kretser and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10940,Republican U.S. presidential hopefuls say Zika quarantine may be needed,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Two Republican U.S. presidential hopefuls said on Saturday they would implement quarantines of travelers if necessary to stop the spread of the Zika virus. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who garnered international attention in 2014 when he quarantined a nurse who returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients, said he would not hesitate to do it again.  “You bet I would,” Christie said during a debate in New Hampshire with other Republican contenders for the White House. Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, said using a quarantine is “not a simple issue” but if there was evidence that Zika infection is spreading, he too would utilize a quarantine. The Zika virus is carried by mosquitoes, which transmit it  to humans. Two suspected cases of sexual transmission in the United States also raise questions about other ways that Zika may spread. The virus is affecting large parts of Latin American and the Caribbean. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak an international health emergency on Feb. 1, citing a “strongly suspected” relationship between Zika infection in pregnancy and microcephaly - a condition marked by abnormally small head size that can result in developmental problems. ",1
10941,Judges find two North Carolina congressional districts racially gerrymandered,"(Reuters) - Two of North Carolina’s congressional districts were racially gerrymandered in a 2011 redistricting and must be redrawn within two weeks, a U.S. appeals court panel ruled on Friday. The order written by Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Roger Gregory bars elections in the majority black districts, the 1st and the 12th, until the new maps are approved. North Carolina congressional primaries are scheduled for March 15 “This Court finds that Congressional Districts 1 and 12 as drawn in the 2011 Congressional Redistricting Plan are unconstitutional,” Gregory wrote. The ruling said race had been the main factor when the Republican-controlled legislature redrew the boundaries and state lawmakers were not justified in using that benchmark. Three voters filed suit in 2013 to invalidate the districts. Both are represented by Democrats, with G.K. Butterfield in the 1st, and Alma Adams in the 12th. State Senator Bob Rucho and House member David Lewis, who guided the redistricting plan through the legislature, were quoted on the Raleigh News and Observer website as saying they would appeal the ruling by the three-judge panel. ",1
10942,Struggling Republican Bush brings out the big gun: his mom,"MANCHESTER, N.H./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Jeb Bush brought out his famous family four days before the crucial U.S. presidential primary in New Hampshire, tapping his mother on Friday to scold Republican front-runner Donald Trump over his use of profanity and treatment of women. In a last ditch attempt to make a mark on a Republican primary campaign he was supposed to own, Bush lashed out at both Trump and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, the one-time protege who  has eclipsed Bush as the party’s establishment candidate in the 2016 White House race. New opinion polls following Monday’s Iowa caucuses showed Trump maintaining a wide lead in New Hampshire’s primary next Tuesday with Rubio rising into second place in the state as Republicans battle for the nomination in November’s presidential election.    Bush, the former governor of Florida, leaned on his well-known family for support.  While former President George W. Bush appeared in a new ad praising his brother as having “a good heart and a strong backbone,” Jeb Bush sat with his mother for an interview with CBS show “This Morning.” The two attacked Trump as misogynistic and vulgar after he used a four-letter word in a recent campaign appearance. “I don’t think a president would have ever shouted profanities in a speech in front of thousands of people with kids in the crowd,” Jeb Bush said. “He does it all the time.” His mother lambasted Trump for criticizing Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly after she quizzed him at a Republican debate in August. Trump made comments widely interpreted as referring to her menstrual cycle. “I don’t know how women can vote for someone who said what he said about Megyn Kelly,” Mrs. Bush said. “It’s terrible. And we knew what he meant, too.” Much loved by today’s Republicans, the former first lady herself raised eyebrows in 1984 when she reportedly made a derogatory reference to Democratic vice presidential candidate Geraldine Ferraro, the first woman on a major party ticket, saying, “I can’t say it, but it rhymes with rich.”     Trump has dismissed Jeb Bush as a “low-energy” loser. The son and brother of U.S. presidents who was expected to glide to the Republican nomination, Bush trails in the single digits in many national polls.         Mrs. Bush, who was campaigning for her younger son in New Hampshire, said “America needs” Jeb and drew an implicit contrast to the brash swagger of Trump. “He’s got the same values that America seems to have lost. He’s almost too polite.” While rivals took aim at him, Trump was forced to miss a rally on Friday in Londonderry, New Hampshire because of a snow storm and was stuck in New York, a spokesman said.  Trump has eschewed much of the one-on-one retail politicking of typical campaigns in favor of large rallies. But in New Hampshire, where voters are used to having candidates’ close attention, the strategy could hurt. Jeb Bush seized the opportunity to make fun of Trump on Twitter, pointing out that even his mother was able make it out despite the weather.  “My 90 year old mother made it out to campaign,” he wrote in response to Trump’s tweet that he was moving a campaign event to Monday due to a “big storm.”  The Bushes chatted with people at a diner in Derry, New Hampshire, according to a pool report sent to news outlets. “Vote for my boy,” Barbara Bush told one table. “I haven’t seen snow in 1,000 years,” she said. The snow did not stop Ohio Governor John Kasich either. His campaign sent reporters a video of the candidate in a snowball fight after a town hall. Jeb Bush also stepped up attacks on Rubio as lacking in experience and accomplishments, saying on MSNBC the first-term Florida lawmaker had done “nothing” in the U.S. Senate. He was not the only one piling on Rubio. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie released satirical videos slamming the Floridian as “scripted” for repeating himself in interviews and speeches.  And the New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper’s publisher criticized Rubio in an editorial for presenting himself as a Washington outsider, saying Rubio “must think New Hampshire a bunch of rubes.” On the positive side for Rubio, he picked up the endorsement of former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, who dropped out of the Republican race in November. “I think he’s a principled conservative. I think he’s the right guy to lead us forward,” Jindal said on Fox News. A Suffolk University/Boston Globe poll released on Friday found that about one-third of likely Republican voters said they could still change their minds. The poll showed Rubio with 19 percent, behind Trump’s 29 percent. Kasich came in third with 13 percent, followed by Bush and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz. For the Democrats, opinion polls show U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont with a double-digit lead in New Hampshire over rival Hillary Clinton. Clinton went on the attack against Sanders on Thursday in their most contentious debate yet.  (Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson in New Hampshire, Amy Tennery in New York, Mohammad Zargham and Eric Beech in Washington; Editing by Bill Trott, Alistair Bell and Bernard Orr; For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail”; here) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10943,Exclusive: Obama to propose $2.5 billion tax credit for community college investment,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will propose a $2.5 billion tax credit over five years for businesses that invest in programs at local community colleges and hire their graduates, administration officials said on Friday. The proposal, dubbed the Community College Partnership Tax Credit, would require businesses to donate funds for equipment, instruction, or internships related to programs in areas such as healthcare, energy and information technology. Employers that hire students from such programs would get a one-time, $5,000 tax credit per individual brought aboard. The program, to be proposed formally in the president’s fiscal 2017 budget on Tuesday, is meant to shore up community colleges’ educational offerings, while helping businesses find high-skilled workers in certain fields. “Employers can define those skills and help colleges develop the curriculum that teaches them,” said James Kvaal, White House deputy director of domestic policy. He estimated the initiative would produce 500,000 highly skilled graduates over five years. Obama’s budget requires congressional approval, which is unlikely. Administration officials expressed confidence, however, that the proposal would garner bipartisan support and the idea could gain traction. “The idea of ... bringing together community colleges and the local employer base is a very powerful one and really doesn’t break along party lines,” said Ted Mitchell, under secretary at the U.S. Department of Education. Obama’s final budget is likely to garner less attention than in previous years. Washington’s focus is moving to the 2016 presidential campaign and the Republican-controlled Congress does not want to hand legislative victories to the White House. Administration officials are aware similar proposals by the president have had limited success. Though his proposals to raise the minimum wage and make community college tuition free have not been enacted nationally, they say his championing of such ideas has spurred action on the state and local level. Under his latest proposal, states would get part of the tax credit money and be responsible for selecting businesses and community colleges based on a competition for applications. Employers could be involved in designing curriculums on advanced manufacturing, for example, or donating instruction time and equipment. Community colleges would get needed capital investment and businesses would recoup their investments through the tax credits gleaned from hiring graduates. (This version of the story was refiled to correct spelling of surname in paragraph 5) ",1
10944,Sanders supporters banned from Tinder after campaigning on dating app ,"(Reuters) - Stumping for Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Tinder is getting some women banned from the online dating app after sending campaign messages to prospective matches. Two women - one from Iowa and the other from New Jersey - confirmed to Reuters on Friday that they received notices from Tinder in the previous 24 hours that their accounts were locked because they had been reported too many times for peppering men on the site with messages promoting Sanders’ candidacy. Robyn Gedrich, 23, said she sent messages to 60 people a day for the past two weeks trying to convince them to support the U.S. senator from Vermont in his race for the Democratic nomination against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.   “Do you feel the bern?” her message to other Tinder users read, parroting a Sanders campaign slogan. “Please text WORK to 82623 for me. Thanks.” Gedrich, an assistant store manager at retailer Elie Tahari who lives in Brick, New Jersey, said a text would prompt people to start receiving updates from the Sanders campaign, as well as a link where they could sign up and volunteer. She has been unable to sign back into Tinder since logging off on Thursday. Haley Lent, 22, a photographer from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, told Reuters in a Twitter message that she also got locked out of the app on Thursday night after sending messages trying to convince people to vote for Sanders the previous night. Lent, who is married, said she talked to 50 to 100 people on the app. She had even bought a Tinder premium membership, which allows users to change their location, for a month so that she could reach people in New Hampshire and promote Sanders.   “I would ask them if they were going to vote in their upcoming primaries,” she said. “If they said no or were on the fence, I would try to talk to them and persuade them to vote.” A spokeswoman for Tinder, which is part of Match Group Inc, owned by IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC.O), did not respond immediately to a request for comment. The two women are not the only ones making unusual use of Tinder, better known as a “hook-up” app, as a campaign tool. A Facebook (FB.O) group “Bernie Sanders Dank Tinder Convos” has 782 members. On Yahoo’s YHOO.O Tumblr microblogging site, a thread titled “Tinder Campaigning, The adventures of a perpetual right-swiper in the efforts of electing Bernie Sanders” has dozens of conversations referencing Sanders pulled from Tinder. “Swiping right” is a colloquial reference to approving of a potential match on Tinder. Gedrich said she got mixed responses from the 300 Tinder users who replied. “Some people would ask what is this for, and I would kind of explain,” she said. “Some of them would unmatch me or report me as a bot.” A bot (or robot) account is a scam profile used to send spam messages. Some responses simply read, “Trump2016,” expressing support for Republican candidate Donald Trump, the real estate tycoon. “It was really alarming to see that a lot of people don’t know what’s going on in the world,” she said.  None of her matches resulted in an actual date, she said. (This version of the story was refiled to correct typographical error in paragraph 11)  (Editing by Anjali Athavaley, Dan Burns and Dan Grebler) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10945,Special Report: Why Obama and other gun control advocates own stock in firearms makers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Barack Obama might seem an unlikely investor in the firearms industry. But the U.S. president, a fierce advocate for gun regulation, has money in a pension fund that holds stock in gun and ammunition companies. Although Obama’s stake is minuscule, worth no more than $30, it reflects a much larger surge of investment. The president is among millions of Americans buying into gun companies - often unwittingly - as mutual funds have increased such holdings to record levels, according to a Reuters analysis of institutional investment in firearms companies. Since Obama was elected in 2009, mutual funds have raised their stakes to about $510 million from $30 million in the nation’s two largest gun manufacturers with publicly traded shares, Smith & Wesson Corp SWHC.O and Sturm, Ruger & Co (RGR.N). That means such stocks are now common in retirement and college savings plans.  The influx has helped to boost both companies’ shares by more than 750 percent during the Obama presidency; each now has a market value of about $1 billion. Beyond mutual funds, such investments also are held in the portfolios of hedge funds and public pension plans, which are harder to track. The White House declined to comment on Obama’s holdings in the Illinois General Assembly’s pension plan, which he earned while serving in that state’s senate. The president has disclosed between $50,000 and $100,000 in the plan.  Other indirect investors in firearms companies include advocates for gun regulation in the U.S. Congress and several parents of children who attended Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut - site of the 2012 massacre of 20 students and six staff members.  Fund managers are drawn to the stocks by surging sales. Buyers are arming themselves, analysts said, in response to mass shootings and calls for tougher gun laws. By the end of 2015, more than 150 mutual funds owned Smith & Wesson shares, up from 53 at the end of 2008, and nearly 130 held stock in Ruger, up from 52, according to data from Morningstar Inc. It would have taken investors “minimal due diligence” to see massive profit potential in Ruger stock when Obama was first elected, said Ruger Chief Executive Mike Fifer. Shares hit a low of $4.50 the Friday after that Tuesday election; the stock was changing hands today at $61.61. “Orders at every level of the distribution channel exploded” the week of Obama’s election, Fifer recalled. “And continued to do so for months afterward.” America’s leading ammunition maker, Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO.N), has drawn investments from 319 funds in its first year of public trading and now has a market value of $2.9 billion. Its bonds are owned by a who’s-who of U.S. investment and insurance companies. (For a graphic of top mutual fund investors in the leading gun and ammo stocks, see tmsnrt.rs/1TlCwBz )     Such investments can be hard to identify within large funds, even with concerted effort. Eric Milgram, a corporate research analyst whose two children were at Sandy Hook Elementary during the rampage, tried to purge his portfolio of firearms holdings. But he gave up after a frustrating search through mutual fund stock lists, holding companies and subsidiaries. “I’m disgusted with this industry; I don’t want to be invested in it,” said Milgram. But, he added, “There are only so many hours in the day.” Vanguard Group, the nation’s largest fund company, said it was unrealistic to balance political sensibilities with obligations to meet performance benchmarks. “It would be exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, to fulfill these obligations while managing portfolios that reflect the social concerns of all our clients,” said Vanguard  spokeswoman Arianna Stefanoni Sherlock. Vanguard does, however, offer a Social Index fund – with about $2 billion in assets out of Vanguard’s total of about $3.4 trillion – that excludes firearms companies along with other stocks involved in an array of ethically sensitive industries. Smith & Wesson declined to comment for this story. Vista Outdoor did not respond to requests for comment. Obama and his tiny stake are typical of most Americans with holdings in firearms investments: They are invested in funds that buy shares of the relatively small part of the firearms industry that is publicly traded. But collectively, their investments are a boon to the gun industry and amount to a sizable stake in major gun and ammo makers.  For some gun safety advocates, the amounts are less important than the principle. Po Murray, who put four children through Sandy Hook Elementary, has also struggled to determine whether her investments include firearms companies. “It’s a real surprise: You find out you could be invested indirectly in Smith & Wesson,” said Murray, who chairs the Newtown Action Alliance, a gun safety group. “I don’t want to be invested in gun companies.” The $16 billion Illinois pension fund that includes Obama’s investment holds at least $4.8 million in shares of gun industry stocks, including Smith & Wesson, Ruger, Vista and ammunition maker Olin Corp (OLN.N).  Until 2014, the pension fund owned about $1.5 million of the debt of Remington Outdoors, another gun manufacturer. Remington did not respond to requests for comment.  The Illinois pension plan also invests in at least one mutual fund with gun industry exposure. The $1.1 billion Templeton Global Smaller Companies Fund owned $9.5 million of Smith & Wesson stock at the end of December, fund disclosures show. Obama and other plan participants have no say in how the money is invested. That’s controlled by the Illinois State Board of Investment, which said it has no policy on investing in firearm and ammo companies.  (For a graphic showing firearms investments by Obama’s Illinois pension fund, see: tmsnrt.rs/1TlCRV0 ) In its analysis, Reuters used mutual fund holdings data from Morningstar and Lipper Inc, a Thomson Reuters company, to examine firearms investments during the Obama presidency.  The list of funds holding such stocks includes some of the biggest and most prominent, such as Vanguard and the second-largest fund group, Fidelity Investments. It extends to BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), and Dimensional Fund Advisors. The analysis is based on disclosures made by individual funds. Some of the gun stockholders are passively managed index funds. But many are actively managed, such as Fidelity’s $40 billion Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX.O), which has become Smith & Wesson’s second-largest mutual fund investor under storied stock-picker Joel Tillinghast. The fund held about 1.1 million shares worth $20 million as of Oct. 31, according to fund disclosures. Fidelity and Dimensional declined to comment. BlackRock - the world’s largest asset manager with $4.6 trillion under management - manages $200 billion of that total in investment options that screen out certain stocks, including companies involved in  firearms, tobacco and alcohol businesses, spokesman Peter McKillop said. Obama isn’t the only gun-regulation advocate with gun-industry holdings. Former congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy - elected after her husband was killed in the 1993 Long Island Rail Road shooting - pushed relentlessly for gun safety legislation. While in office, she held shares worth between $3,003 and $45,000 in at least three exchange-traded funds with stakes in gun and ammo companies, according to her last financial disclosure before retiring last year. She also invested between $2,002 and $30,000 for two grandchildren in so-called 529 college-savings plans that include a Vanguard fund holding firearms stocks, disclosures show. The New York Democrat could not be reached for comment. As a federal retirement benefit, members of the U.S. Congress can participate in a Thrift Savings Plan, which offers an investment option - the S Fund - that holds stock in firearms companies. Financial disclosures show that S Fund investors include Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, the second-ranking Senate Democrat and a leading advocate for stricter background checks for gun buyers. Durbin disclosed an S Fund investment of about $115,000.  Durbin’s office declined to comment. Some members of Congress welcome the investment option. “I’m just grateful the fund managers are investing in something that’s making money,” said Representative Kevin Cramer, a North Dakota Republican who opposes gun restrictions and has a small investment in the S fund. For all the debate, Obama has made no progress in passing tougher gun laws. Measures such as universal background checks have withered in Congress, where the number of anti-gun control Republicans has grown.  Calls for tighter controls have been met with bursts of gun sales, according to U.S. background-check data on gun purchasers. Gun store owners attribute the extra sales to consumers who fear the president will make it harder to buy arms. “Let’s just say he’s been good for business,” Jack Lesher, manager of Chuck’s Firearms in Atlanta, said of Obama. Gun sales jumped again recently after the president blasted congressional inaction on gun control and vowed to use executive powers to expand background checks for buyers and bolster licensing requirements for dealers. His announcement followed yet another mass shooting, on Dec. 2 in San Bernardino, California, where a couple pledging allegiance to Islamic State killed 14 people.  For the week that ended Dec. 20, firearms background checks - a proxy for guns sales - totaled 839,109, the second-highest week since 1998. Only the week after the Sandy Hook shootings was higher, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  Vista’s main factories have churned out bullets 24 hours, seven days a week for at least two years, Vista Chief Financial Officer Stephen Nolan told investors in November.  Now the industry is ready for an election-year surge.  “The politics of gun control could stay in the headlines, which we believe could lead to a record year,” wrote Chris Krueger, senior research analyst at Lake Street Capital Markets, in a note to investors in January. Ruger is boosting inventories to prepare, after learning a costly lesson going into the last presidential election. Demand peaked that year, based on the number of FBI background checks sought for new gun purchases. The surge followed Obama’s re-election and the Sandy Hook shooting. “When we went into late 2011, we got cleaned out of inventory … even though we increased production dramatically,” company CEO Fifer told investors during a November conference call.  The company, he said, “probably left money on the table.” ",1
10946,"Trading algorithm shows how mass shootings, politics boost gun shares","(Reuters) - A stock-trading algorithm built for Reuters highlights the correlations among gun purchases, mass shootings and the politics of gun regulation. With the benefit of hindsight, the Boston-based hedge fund Quantopian examined how a theoretical investor would have fared by investing equal amounts in Smith & Wesson Holding Corp SWHC.O and Sturm Ruger & Co (RGR.N) after 20 events that impacted the companies’ sales or stock prices. The events, chosen by Reuters, included 12 mass shootings, starting with the 2007 Virginia Tech shooting; six events involving President Barack Obama, including two elections and various calls for gun regulation; and two U.S. Supreme Court decisions favorable to gun companies.     Hedge funds and other sophisticated investors use computer-driven algorithms to place trades based on a defined set of instructions.  In the theoretical exercise for Reuters, the Quantopian algorithm showed that buying the two gun stocks the first trading day after the events and selling them 90 days later would have produced a return of 365 percent over a nine-year period – compared to 66 percent for the S&P 500 Index. A buy-and-hold bet on Smith & Wesson stock starting in January 2007 would have produced a return of 137 percent. For a graphic showing how the algorithm performed, see tmsnrt.rs/1OSHshu ",1
10947,Colombian leader says received assurances of support from Republican U.S. lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said on Friday that Republican members of the U.S. Congress had indicated their continuing support for Colombia’s effort to achieve peace with leftist rebels and recover from years of civil war. His comments, at the State Department, came a day after President Barack Obama said he planned to ask Congress for more than $450 million in aid to help Colombia implement a peace accord to end Latin America’s longest war. Asked whether Republicans had backed the administration plan, Santos told reporters at the State Department he “did not hear one single voice” doubting the success of the current U.S. aid effort, Plan Colombia, and he had received “expressions of continuing support.” He said he did not receive any formal commitments but hoped Congress would support the new proposal. ",1
10948,Trump says will attend March Fox debate with Megyn Kelly: report,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Friday he will attend a Fox News televised debate on March 3 with moderator Megyn Kelly after he skipped a similar event hosted by Fox last week, an online and cable television network reported on Friday.  “No, I’ll be there. I have no objection to being there. That had nothing to do with Megyn Kelly the fact that I went out of the last one, it had to do with a memo that was sent out by Fox that was a little bit taunting and I said it was inappropriate,” Trump said on NewsmaxTV.com.  He added that he had no regrets about missing the Jan. 28 debate in Des Moines, Iowa just days before the Iowa caucuses, the first nominating contest of the 2016 campaign, at which he came in second after Texas Senator Ted Cruz.      “And what happened, because I didn’t do it I raised $6 million for the vets. So, I wouldn’t have changed places. I did the right thing,” he said on “The Steve Malzberg Show.” Trump said last week he was angered by a statement from Fox News (FOXA.O) that mocked him for refusing to participate in the  Des Moines event. The real estate billionaire had said earlier he doubted he would be treated fairly at the Des Moines debate and at one point called Kelly “a lightweight reporter” and “highly overrated.” He later said Fox News had apologized for the statement and that the situation had been resolved. Trump accused Kelly last August of asking him tougher questions than other candidates during a debate. His comments drew outcry, with some accusing the business tycoon of sexism.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by James Dalgleish) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10949,Michigan governor: solve Flint water crisis instead of laying blame,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said on Friday he wants officials to focus on solving problems around lead-contaminated drinking water in the city of Flint instead of laying blame as he said some have been doing. “There are a number of folk out there that are spending their time mainly on the political side and the blame side,” he said at a meeting in Flint of local and state officials responding to the crisis. Snyder’s comments came a day after liberal group Progress Michigan released emails showing high-ranking state officials knew about an increase in Legionnaires’ disease in Genesee County, where Flint is located, and a possible link to the contaminated water almost a year before the governor said he got information about the outbreak. Snyder, who has repeatedly apologized for the state’s poor handling of the crisis, previously said he did not learn of the rise in Legionnaires’ cases until last month.     The governor and state officials have been criticized for not catching the contaminated water sooner, with some calling for Snyder to resign.  Later on Friday, Snyder’s office said the former head of the state Department of Environmental Quality’s Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance unit, Liane Shekter Smith, was fired. She and a second employee were suspended last month, and a state spokesman cited a civil service rule allowing for termination due to failure to do one’s job.  A second DEQ employee, environmental manager Stephen Busch, remains on suspension and no decision has been made on his status, state officials said. Flint, near Detroit, was under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager when it switched the source of its tap water from Detroit’s system to the Flint River in April 2014 to save money. It switched back last October after tests found high levels of lead in samples of children’s blood. The more corrosive water from the river leached more lead from the city pipes than Detroit water did. Lead can damage the nervous system. On Friday, lawmakers on a U.S. House of Representatives panel said they plan to hold a hearing next month to address Flint health and infrastructure issues. The energy and commerce panel did not have details on the date or who would testify. This week, Congress held its first hearing into the Flint crisis. The House Oversight Committee did not invite Snyder, a Republican, to testify, something Democrats on the panel complained bitterly about. ",1
10950,Vice President Biden to go to Mexico City Feb. 24-25 for talks: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden will travel to Mexico City on February 24-25 to lead a delegation for the U.S.-Mexico High Level Economic Dialogue, the White House said on Friday.  ",1
10951,Obama claims victory after drop in U.S. jobless rate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said Americans should feel good about the economy after the latest jobs report on Friday showed the U.S. unemployment rate at an eight-year low of 4.9 percent. Obama, in his eighth and final year in office, made a relatively rare and unexpected appearance in the White House briefing room to talk about how the economy had recovered under his watch. “We have recovered from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, the worst in my lifetime and the lifetime of most of the people in this room,” Obama said, noting the unemployment rate was 10 percent in 2009, when he took office. “We’ve done it faster, stronger, better, more durably than just about any other advanced economy,” Obama said. The White House has griped that Obama does not get enough credit for turning the economy around, a complaint Obama joked about on Thursday during a visit from the Golden State Warriors basketball champions. “You defied the cynics, you accomplished big things, you racked up a great record, and you don’t get enough credit - I can’t imagine how that feels,” Obama said, drawing laughter. On Friday, he acknowledged that “there’s still anxiety and concern about the general direction of the economy,” noting the job losses, stock market plunges and free fall in the housing market in 2007-2008 were still fresh in Americans’ memories. Obama said “softness” in China, Europe and other economies presented challenges to U.S. exporters and he said it was important for the United States to “keep our foot to the accelerator” to further strengthen the economy. “We should feel good about the progress we’ve made, understanding that we have still got more work to do,” he said, noting the budget he will propose to Congress on Tuesday will have ideas for job creation and retraining. Obama slammed Republican candidates in the race to replace him in the Nov. 8 presidential election for “talking down” the economy. “I know that’s still inconvenient for Republican stump speeches as their doom-and-despair tour plays in New Hampshire,” Obama said, referring to the primary election in the state on Tuesday. ",1
10952,Obama claims victory after drop in U.S. jobless rate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said Americans should feel good about the economy after the latest jobs report on Friday showed the U.S. unemployment rate at an eight-year low of 4.9 percent. Obama, in his eighth and final year in office, made a relatively rare and unexpected appearance in the White House briefing room to talk about how the economy had recovered under his watch. “We have recovered from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, the worst in my lifetime and the lifetime of most of the people in this room,” Obama said, noting the unemployment rate was 10 percent in 2009, when he took office. “We’ve done it faster, stronger, better, more durably than just about any other advanced economy,” Obama said. The White House has griped that Obama does not get enough credit for turning the economy around, a complaint Obama joked about on Thursday during a visit from the Golden State Warriors basketball champions. “You defied the cynics, you accomplished big things, you racked up a great record, and you don’t get enough credit - I can’t imagine how that feels,” Obama said, drawing laughter. On Friday, he acknowledged that “there’s still anxiety and concern about the general direction of the economy,” noting the job losses, stock market plunges and free fall in the housing market in 2007-2008 were still fresh in Americans’ memories. Obama said “softness” in China, Europe and other economies presented challenges to U.S. exporters and he said it was important for the United States to “keep our foot to the accelerator” to further strengthen the economy. “We should feel good about the progress we’ve made, understanding that we have still got more work to do,” he said, noting the budget he will propose to Congress on Tuesday will have ideas for job creation and retraining. Obama slammed Republican candidates in the race to replace him in the Nov. 8 presidential election for “talking down” the economy. “I know that’s still inconvenient for Republican stump speeches as their doom-and-despair tour plays in New Hampshire,” Obama said, referring to the primary election in the state on Tuesday. ",1
10953,"In contentious debate, Clinton and Sanders both claim 'progressive' mantle ","DURHAM, N.H. (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton went on the attack against rival Bernie Sanders on Thursday in their most contentious presidential debate yet, questioning whether his ambitious proposals were viable and accusing him of an “artful smear” in suggesting she could be bought by political donations. Sanders fought back repeatedly, questioning Clinton’s progressive credentials and portraying her as a creature of the political establishment in a debate that featured heated exchanges on healthcare, college tuition funding and efforts to rein in Wall Street. The intensity reflected a race that has seen Clinton’s once prohibitive lead in polls shrivel against Sanders as the two vie for the Democratic nomination for the Nov. 8 election. One of Clinton’s most forceful remarks came in response to a suggestion by Sanders that she could be influenced by political donations by Wall Street.  “Enough is enough. If you’ve got something to say, say it directly,” she said. “But you will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation that I ever received. “So I think it’s time to end the very artful smear that you and your campaign have been carrying out,” she said. Clinton charged that Sanders’ proposal for single-payer universal healthcare coverage would jeopardize Obamacare, calling it “a great mistake,” and said his plans for free college education would be too costly to be realistic. “I can get things done. I’m not making promises I can’t keep,” Clinton said. Sanders said he would not dismantle Obamacare but would expand it, pointing to the many other countries that provide universal healthcare. “I do not accept the belief that the United States of America can’t do that,” Sanders said. “By moving forward, rallying the American people, I do believe we should have healthcare for all.” Sanders said his proposal for free tuition at public universities would be paid with a tax on Wall Street speculation. “The middle class bailed out Wall Street in their time of need. Now, it is Wall Street’s time to help the middle class,” he said. Five days before New Hampshire holds the second of the state-by-state presidential nominating contests, opinion polls show Sanders, a U.S. senator from neighboring Vermont, with a double-digit lead over Clinton after surprising the front-runner by finishing just barely behind her in Iowa on Monday. Clinton seemed energized by her underdog status in New Hampshire, delivering her most aggressive debate performance of the campaign. It was reminiscent of her 2008 run against Barack Obama, when she also began as the front-runner but became a sharper and less cautious candidate as she began to lose. The debate was the first since former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley dropped out on Monday after a poor finish in Iowa, giving the two candidates more freedom to directly engage each other. Sanders accused Clinton of representing “the establishment,” while saying he represented “ordinary working Americans.” He also noted her Super PAC had taken contributions from Wall Street firms and that Clinton received big speaking fees from Goldman Sachs. Clinton disputed the establishment label, saying it was “quite amusing” to accuse “a woman, running to be the first woman president, as the establishment.” The two battled over who best represented progressive ideals. Sanders said he would lead a “political revolution,” but Clinton questioned his ability to get his proposals through a Republican-led Congress. “A progressive is someone who makes progress,” she said. And she attacked Sanders’ own credentials as a progressive, bringing up his votes against the 1993 Brady bill that mandated federal background checks on gun purchases and his 2005 vote for a bill to protect gun manufacturers and dealers from lawsuits. “If we’re going to get into labels, I don’t think it was particularly progressive to vote against the Brady bill five times,” she said. “I don’t think it was progressive to vote to give gun makers and sellers immunity.”  Sanders repeated his earlier pledge not to attack Clinton on the controversy over her use of a private email account and a private server for government business when she was secretary of state. “I will not politicize it,” he said. But Sanders renewed his attacks on Clinton for her Senate vote to authorize the U.S. invasion of Iraq, which she has since called a mistake. He pointed out he voted against the war, which he said had led to the rise of the Islamic State militant group. “Look we did differ,” Clinton responded. “A vote in 2002 is not a plan to defeat ISIS. “We have to look at the threats that we face right now.” Clinton has tried to play down expectations for her performance in New Hampshire, where she came from behind for an upset victory in the 2008 campaign just days after losing badly to Obama in Iowa. The surprisingly strong performance by Sanders in Iowa is likely to prolong a race that Clinton entered as the presumptive front-runner. In addition to previously scheduled debates in Wisconsin and Florida, the candidates added one in March in Flint, Michigan, to draw attention to the city’s contaminated water crisis ahead of the Michigan primary. They also will debate in April and May.  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and Megan Cassella; Writing by John Whitesides; Editing by Leslie Adler and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10954,White House says doesn't expect Congress to pass every budget item,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Friday it expects to have to compromise on elements of the federal budget President Barack Obama will submit to U.S. lawmakers next week. “Our expectation is not that Congress is just going to pass every single line item that’s included in our budget,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. Because Congress is controlled by Republicans with different priorities, there will be debate and “we’re ultimately going to have a compromise,” Earnest said. ",1
10955,Obama's move on gender pay gap seen as first step in uphill battle,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advocates fighting to close the U.S. gender pay gap hailed President Barack Obama’s proposal to expand salary reporting requirements but said much more was needed to end wage discrimination.  Under the plan, companies with 100 employees or more must provide data on hours worked and salary ranges, broken down by gender, race and ethnicity, to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission each year to help identify and combat pay discrimination.    Lisa Maatz, vice president of government relations at the American Association of University Women, said the data would be useful in passing legislation, making companies comply with existing laws and proving the gender pay gap is not a myth. “The wage gap is a persistent, pernicious problem, and it has been around for awhile,” Maatz said in an interview. “We still have a lot to do to change it, but this is an excellent step forward.”  Maatz said other measures, including non-retaliation policies at companies so women can ask about discrepancies in pay and changes in how salaries are determined, would accelerate progress. “Not using salary histories but rather looking at resumes and taking into account experience and paying for what the job is worth to the company will do a lot to help close the gender pay gap,” Maatz added.  Women earn 79 cents for every dollar a man makes for equal work, according to the Institute for Women’s Policy Research. Although the pay gap has narrowed since 1960, when women made about 60 cents for every dollar, the institute calculates that if change continues at the same pace, women will not reach equal pay until 2059. The current situation is worse for black women, at 60 cents, and Latina women, at 55 cents, said Vivien Labaton, co-founder of the non-profit Make It Work campaign for economic security for working families.  Labaton said making salary range data that companies submit to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission accessible to their employees would speed up change. “What Make It Work is calling for is a publicly available database that would show what employers pay for different jobs based on sex, race and ethnicity,” she said. The commission issues only aggregated data that does not reveal any particular employer’s or employees’ information. “We do know that the more transparency you have, the smaller the gender pay gap there will be,” said Maatz. ",1
10956,Rubio under attack as New Hampshire primary race heats up,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Chris Christie has dismissed him as a puppet and former mentor Jeb Bush called him not fit to serve as up-and-coming Republican Marco Rubio becomes the man to beat in next week’s New Hampshire primary. Rubio’s unexpectedly strong third-place showing in Monday’s Iowa caucuses has made him the target of rival Republican candidates who focused their campaigns on the New England state’s first-in-the-nation primary. Christie, the New Jersey governor, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich all hope for a strong showing in New Hampshire to boost their flagging campaigns to become the Republican nominee in the Nov. 8 election to replace Democratic President Barack Obama. While Christie said on Thursday he would not be out of the race if he lost to Rubio in New Hampshire, Kasich has told audiences he would go back to Ohio if he got “smoked” there. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, who won the Iowa caucuses on strong evangelical Christian credentials, was expected to have less appeal for voters in New Hampshire. Real estate mogul Donald Trump’s second-place showing in Iowa raised questions about how well his popularity can survive the voting booth. Christie has been one of Rubio’s fiercest critics this week, calling the first-term U.S. senator from Florida “the boy in the bubble” the day after the Iowa vote. He continued the personal vein of attack on Thursday. “This isn’t the most controlled candidate we’ve seen in this race at all. His handlers handle him all the time,” Christie said on Fox News. “We need to take him out of that controlled atmosphere because, believe me, it won’t be controlled against Hillary Clinton this fall,” he said. Clinton, the former secretary of state, is battling U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont for the Democratic nomination.  Bush, whose establishment Republican credentials have not guaranteed him public support, has also turned on his former protege. On Wednesday he took out a full-page ad in a leading New Hampshire newspaper, the Union-Leader, attacking Rubio as not ready to serve as commander in chief. “Nearly every political leader in Florida of stature who knows Marco and Jeb’s records have joined us in endorsing Governor Bush,” the ad read.  Rubio has garnered significant endorsements since Monday, including U.S. Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, which holds its primary this month, and U.S. Representative Matt Salmon of Arizona, a co-founder of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.  (Additional reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Andrea Ricci) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10957,Donors to White House hopeful Jeb Bush urged not to switch to Rubio,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donors say Republican Jeb Bush’s U.S. presidential campaign has not given them a green light to switch to rival establishment candidate Marco Rubio, whose strong third-place finish in this week’s Iowa caucuses outshone the sixth-place Bush.   A former Florida governor, Bush, 62, is hoping for a better result in New Hampshire, the state which on Tuesday will hold the country’s second nominating contest for the Nov. 8 election to succeed President Barack Obama. U.S. Senator Rubio, 44, also of Florida, emerged as the leading moderate, establishment Republican candidate in Iowa, behind U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, 45, and billionaire businessman Donald Trump, 69.  Senior campaign officials for Bush have been seeking to reassure donors that the one-time front-runner has a path forward after his dismal Iowa showing, three Bush donors told Reuters. They said senior aides to Bush held conference calls for donors on Tuesday to reassure them, offering an upbeat message about Bush’s finances and ground game in New Hampshire and a determination to press on.     Rubio began the year with more than $10 million in cash on hand, his campaign reported on Sunday. Bush reported cash on hand as of Sunday of $7.6 million. Bush, campaigning later this week in New Hampshire with his mother, former first lady Barbara Bush, has benefited from the intense loyalty donors have shown his father and brother, former presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush. The donors said there was no indication Bush would shy away from contrasting himself with either Rubio or Cruz.     “People who are for Jeb are for Jeb,” one donor said. On the campaign trail this week Bush has questioned the abilities of freshman U.S. senators - both Rubio and Cruz are first-term senators - by saying they lacked his proven record.  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10958,Obama pledges more than $450 million aid to help Colombia peace plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday he would ask the U.S. Congress for more than $450 million in aid to help Colombia end “half a century of wrenching conflict” and implement a peace accord aimed at ending Latin America’s longest war. If approved, the aid would help with security and fighting the drug trade, as well as educating and retraining members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, the leftist rebel group at war with the government since 1964. “After half a century of wrenching conflict, the time has come for peace,” Obama said after meeting with Colombian President Juan Manual Santos. The U.S. government would also commit $33 million to a global program to help the country remove land mines in the next five years, and Obama said he would help mobilize more international aid if the peace deal is reached. Three previous attempts at an accord failed, but the government and FARC are on the verge of an agreement after four years of talks. Santos thanked the U.S. government for its long-standing bipartisan support for “Plan Colombia,” $10 billion in funding between 2000 and 2015 for military and social programs that he said helped keep Colombia from becoming a failed state. The new program, dubbed “Peace Colombia,” would provide about 25 percent more U.S. funding compared with 2016 levels. “Just as the United States has been Colombia’s partner in a time of war, I indicated to President Santos we will be your partner in waging peace,” Obama said at a White House reception. A jump in U.S. aid is “fundamental” to the success of the peace plan, particularly given a 20 percent hit to Colombia’s budget from the plunge in oil prices, said Douglass Cassel of the University of Notre Dame, who has been an adviser to Santos for the past year. “The government of Colombia will do everything it can, but it’s clear that it doesn’t have sufficient resources on its own to do the job the way it ought to be done without significant support from the United States and the European Union,” Cassel said in an interview. ",1
10959,Obama to seek 1.6 percent pay raise for federal government workers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration next week will propose a 1.6 percent pay increase for federal employees, an administration official said on Wednesday. The proposal will be included in President Barack Obama’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, which is set to be unveiled on Tuesday.  The pay raise would apply to military and civilian personnel, the official said in a statement. Federal government workers received a 1.3 percent pay raise this fiscal year as a part of the government funding package that was passed into law in December.  ",1
10960,What will be in Obama's final budget proposal?,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama is set on Tuesday to unveil his budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, his final year in office.  But since the Republican-controlled Congress controls the purse strings, much of Obama’s budget will likely stay on the drawing board. The following are some of the proposals that will be included: The Pentagon will ask for more than $7 billion for the fight against Islamic State, up about 35 percent from the previous year’s budget request to Congress, and wants a fourfold increase for military training and exercises in Europe to support NATO allies. In a long-shot bid to raise $20 billion to expand transit systems and research self-driving cars, Obama will propose a $10-a-barrel tax on crude oil.  The budget will propose a 1.6 percent pay increase for military and civilian federal personnel. Obama will ask for $1.1 billion in new funding to expand treatment for people addicted to heroin and prescription pain killers, a growing epidemic. Obama pledged more than $450 million in aid to Colombia to help with security and integrating rebel combatants into society under a pending peace deal to end Latin America’s longest war. Obama wants to expand the earned income tax credit, or EITC, to low-income workers without children. Other proposals include $12 billion over 10 years to supplement food stamps for poor families when school meal programs are closed in the summer, $2 billion in emergency aid for families in crisis, a combined $328 million in education and housing grants to poor neighborhoods, and a $15 million pilot program to help poor families move to better neighborhoods. The budget will include three years of federal funding to 19 state governments that passed up an earlier offer to expand Medicaid coverage for more than 4 million low-income people. Obama will ask for tweaks to a tax on certain health insurance plans that is unpopular with labor unions. The White House will ask for $5.5 billion in incentives for businesses that hire young people and $200 million for apprenticeship programs. Obama will ask for $4 billion for states and $100 million for school districts to expand computer science in schools. The budget will include $1 billion over five years to help coal-mining regions with economic development. The White House will ask for $755 million for Vice President Joe Biden’s “moonshot” effort to find new cancer treatments. The budget will include $700 million in agricultural research grants, double the spending level in 2016. Obama has proposed $500 million to boost access to mental healthcare as part of his push to address gun violence. Obama will propose $95 million for a new office responsible for background checks for federal employees. As part of reforms to the criminal justice system, Obama will ask for $24 million for better housing for inmates with serious mental illnesses. Obama will propose tax credits for small businesses offering 401(k) plans or expanding access to retirement savings programs. Obama will seek to expand unemployment insurance to more types of workers, provide wage insurance for workers moving to lower-paid positions, and provide incentives to states for retraining or relocating workers. Obama will ask for funding to hire 200 new ATF staff to enforce gun laws. ",1
10961,"NYC mayor proposes retirement plan, light-rail system in speech","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Mayor Bill de Blasio proposed a retirement plan for private-sector workers and a new light rail system in his State of the City speech on Thursday, while indicating that social inequality was decreasing under his administration. The Democratic mayor of the United States’ biggest city has been in office for a little over two years. He came to power promising to narrow the inequality gap that he said had created “a tale of two cities” after three four-year terms of his predecessor, Michael Bloomberg. De Blasio pressed that message again in his keynote speech on Thursday: “We see the ‘Tale of Two Cities’ transforming into ‘One New York,’” he said during the speech at a performing arts center in the Bronx. New York has a glamorous reputation but is home to many poor neighborhoods. Rising real estate prices have made the city less affordable for many residents. A plan to build a $2.5 billion light rail system linking Brooklyn and Queens, leaked to the news media a day earlier, was the boldest element in the speech for a mayor who has tended to favor social policy over infrastructure. The 16-mile (26-km) track would run from the borough of Queens’ Astoria neighborhood, tracing a line along the East River and New York’s Upper Harbor, to link up with Brooklyn’s Sunset Park section. It would pass through popular Brooklyn neighborhoods like Williamsburg and Brooklyn Heights. The mayor also called for the city to develop a retirement system for private-sector employees, addressing the low rate of retirement savings, especially among low-income workers. “We absolutely do not accept a status quo where people work all their lives only to be left with nothing,” said De Blasio, echoing previous calls for a better deal for workers. He also outlined plans to develop Governors Island, an underutilized area of land in the Upper Harbor off the southern tip of Manhattan that had been used as a military base until the city acquired it in 2010. De Blasio highlighted his push for a $15 dollar minimum wage, a movement that has gained traction with Democrats nationally, and called for his initiatives to introduce paid parental and sick leave to be adopted nationally. De Blasio shifted the speech to 7 p.m. (0000 GMT) from its usual daytime spot in the hope of reaching more New Yorkers. ",1
10962,Texas prosecutor offers probation to anti-abortion activist behind video,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - An anti-abortion activist indicted for using a fake driver’s license ID to aid secret filming inside Planned Parenthood facilities turned himself into authorities in Houston on Thursday and was offered a probation deal, prosecutors said. David Daleiden, indicted in January by a Houston-area grand jury, appeared at Harris County District Court on a charge of tampering with a governmental record, which can bring up to 20 years in prison. He also faces a misdemeanor charge for trying to procure fetal tissue. Daleiden leads the California-based Center for Medical Progress that released the secretly filmed videos used to accuse the women’s health group of trading in aborted fetal tissue.  He was offered a probation deal in which, if he keeps a clean record for a certain period of time, charges would be dropped, prosecutors said.   Daleiden’s lawyers said he planned to reject the deal and is seeking an apology from prosecutors. Daleiden told a news conference outside court that he wants Texas to prosecute Planned Parenthood, saying it “is open for business in baby body parts.”  Planned Parenthood has denied Daleiden’s allegations and sued in federal court, arguing the people who recorded the videos acted illegally. In a twist for the Texas Republican leaders who had ordered an investigation, the grand jury in January cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing and indicted video makers Daleiden and Sandra Merritt. “We’re glad they’re being held accountable, and we hope other law enforcement agencies pursue criminal charges, as well,” said Eric Ferrero, vice president at Planned Parenthood Federation of America. Merritt, a lesser figure in the filming, appeared at a Houston court on Wednesday and was also offered a probation deal. Lawyers for the activist do not dispute that the pair used false IDs but said they did so for investigative journalism. Countering that contention, Eric Ferrero, vice president at Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said, “We don’t know of any journalists who have engaged in wire fraud and mail fraud, lied to multiple government agencies, tampered with government documents, and broken laws in at least four states only to lie about what they found. It’s hard to imagine anyone calling that ‘journalism’.”  The videos released last summer purported to show Planned Parenthood officials trying to negotiate prices for aborted fetal tissue. Under federal law, donated human fetal tissue may be used for research, but profiting from its sale is prohibited. In response to the videos, Texas and other Republican-controlled states tried to halt funding for Planned Parenthood. U.S. congressional Republicans pushed for a funding cut. Planned Parenthood has said Daleiden and Merritt presented fake IDs in April 2015 and posed as research executives from a fictitious company to secretly film conversations at a health and administrative center in Houston. ",1
10963,"Rice aides, Powell got classified info on personal email accounts","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell and aides to his successor, Condoleezza Rice, both received classified information a handful of times via personal email accounts, the top Democrat on a congressional oversight panel said on Thursday. The findings come after nearly a year of controversy over Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s decision to set up a private email server for her work as secretary of state. Democratic lawmakers and staff on Clinton’s presidential campaign seized on the report as vindicating some of their defenses of the controversial arrangement. Representative Elijah Cummings said the disclosures about Powell’s and Rice’s aides’ emails were made by the State Department’s inspector general, who is reviewing the email practices of the last five secretaries of state. That office told the State Department on Wednesday that it found 12 emails containing classified information sent to Rice’s aides or Powell, according to Cummings, who is the ranking Democrat on the House of Representatives Oversight Committee. In a statement, Powell said the two emails he received were not judged to contain confidential information at the time they were sent to him by American ambassadors. “I wish they would release them,” Powell told NBC News, “so that a normal, air-breathing mammal would look at them and say, ‘What’s the issue?’” A representative for Rice, who, as with Powell, served under Republican President George W. Bush, said the 10 emails sent to her aides did not contain intelligence information.  More than 1,500 of Clinton’s emails, which are being made public on a federal judge’s order, have been found to include classified information so far, according to the State Department. Clinton both sent and received information the State Department now deems to be classified, including the privately shared thoughts of foreign leaders, as well as highly classified U.S. intelligence agency secrets. It became public last March that Clinton set up a private email server in her New York home for her work as President Barack Obama’s secretary of state between 2009 and 2013. Accusations that she exposed government secrets to hackers and tried to side-step record keeping laws have since dogged her campaign, and the arrangement is being examined by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Clinton’s campaign staff suggested the findings announced on Thursday helped vindicate her claim that she did nothing wrong or unusual and repeated their accusation that the State Department is overclassifying her emails, an idea the department has dismissed. “Hillary Clinton agrees with her predecessor that his emails, like hers, are being inappropriately subjected to over-classification,” John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman, said in a statement, calling for their unredacted release. J. William Leonard, who oversaw the government’s classification regime as the Information Security Oversight Office director until 2008, said so-called “spillage” of classified information into unsecured email systems was common. “That’s why from the get-go it was exceedingly poor judgment to set up a private email account because of this very real fact,” Leonard said in an interview, referring to Clinton’s arrangement. The government forbids sending classified information via email, but the .gov email system, which Clinton circumvented, is monitored and protected on the assumption that classified information spills into it. Powell has said the State Department was technologically backward when he joined in 2001 and that he had to fight to get an Internet-connected computer installed in his office, from which he continued to use his personal email account. Georgia Godfrey, Rice’s chief of staff at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution, said Rice did not use email while at the State Department, and that the 10 emails to her staff were reports on “diplomatic conversations.” Government regulations require that information shared in confidence by foreign government officials should be treated as classified. ",1
10964,"Obama says faith a cure for fears stirred by war, hard times","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, taking on Republican presidential candidates for stirring up anxiety among Americans, told leaders at Washington’s national prayer breakfast on Thursday that faith could conquer fear brought on by war, technology, and economic troubles. “It is a primal emotion, fear, one that we all experience.  And it can be contagious, spreading through societies, and through nations,” Obama said. “For me, and I know for so many of you, faith is the great cure for fear. Jesus is a good cure for fear. God gives believers the power, the love, the sound mind required to conquer any fear. And what more important moment for that faith than right now?” he said. Obama’s remarks came a day after his first visit to a U.S. mosque, where he sought to allay fears of Americans accustomed to pop-culture portrayals of Muslims as terrorists and to reassure Muslim American youth about their identity. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.  Obama, a Christian, said his faith had helped him deal with the challenges of being president and was bolstering him as his children grew up and prepared for adulthood. “It helps me deal with the common, everyday fears that we all share. The main one I’m feeling right now is that our children grow up too fast. They’re leaving!” he said to laughter.  The president said he had drawn on his faith when comforting the parents of children killed by gun violence, a subtle reference to his failed effort to sharpen U.S. gun control laws. He said that people of faith had helped take in Syrian refugees, a subtle jab at Republicans who oppose allowing them into the country. ",1
10965,Democrats block U.S. energy bill in fight over Flint aid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democrats teamed up with some of their Republican counterparts on Thursday and blocked a wide-ranging U.S. energy bill in a fight over aid to Flint, Michigan, to help rectify its drinking water crisis.  The Republican-led Senate failed in two procedural votes to advance the bill after behind-the-scenes bipartisan talks broke down. Negotiators hope to find a compromise on an amendment that would have allocated millions of dollars to replace Flint’s contaminated water system and provide healthcare for people sickened by it. The legislation fell far short of the 60 votes needed to clear procedural roadblocks and bring it to a vote. Democrats are making support for Flint, a poor city of mostly African Americans and Latinos near Detroit, a wider issue ahead of the November presidential election. Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are due to hold a March presidential debate in Flint.    Senator Lisa Murkowski, a Republican from Alaska and a co-sponsor of the bill, proposed making up to $550 million available to Flint. Only $50 million would be immediately available to the city, where thousands of children have ingested lead from polluted water, and the water is still dangerous. “It’s not about the money, it’s about how quickly it could get to the state and the form of it. What we need is dollars up front,” Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan told reporters after the vote. Financially strapped Flint changed its water supply in 2014 from Detroit’s system to the Flint River. Corrosive water from the river that runs past dumping grounds caused lead to leach from aging pipes in Flint, a city of 100,000. Lead is a toxin that can harm the brains of children and cause other health problems. Stabenow and Michigan Senator Gary Peters had proposed an amendment to the bill to direct up to $600 million to Flint.  The energy bill would have taken steps to speed permitting of liquefied natural gas facilities, fund research into advanced nuclear reactors and protect the power grid from cyber attacks. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican, said Democrats were trying to “embarrass” Republicans by making it look like they did not want to help Flint.   Stabenow noted that when a fertilizer plant exploded in West, Texas, in 2013, Cornyn pressed the federal government to direct millions of dollars to deal with the crisis.  Republican Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma had proposed a deal in which money for Flint would come from a fund for advanced vehicles. Democrats said such a deal would harm workers in the region, an automotive industry hub. ",1
10966,New York mayor to back $2.5 billion light rail in key speech,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio will back a $2.5 billion plan to create a light rail service linking the city’s outer boroughs when he gives his annual keynote speech on Thursday The 16-mile track would run from Astoria in Queens, tracing a line along the East River and New York’s upper harbor to link up with Sunset Park in Brooklyn. It would pass through popular neighborhoods like Williamsburg and Brooklyn Heights. The plan is not new but the mayor’s emphasis reflects the growing importance of the outer boroughs. It also makes good on his pledge to address the gap between wealthy Manhattan and the rest of the city, a longstanding gripe with many New Yorkers. “This is about equity and innovation. We are mapping brand new transit that will knit neighborhoods together,” de Blasio said in a statement. The introduction of a light rail service would be a new development for the city. It would mirror the increasing use of such services in New Jersey, especially connecting the growing commuter towns along the Hudson River, an area real estate developers have dubbed the “Gold Coast.” The mayor’s office said the city will offset costs with tax revenues from increased property values along the proposed line.  Major upgrades are being planned to aging transport infrastructure throughout the state. Governor Andrew Cuomo has embraced around $100 billion of projects including a $20 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River. De Blasio, who comes from the liberal wing of the Democratic party, has emphasized social issues since taking office in 2014 such as free schooling for four year olds and reforming the city’s police. He will likely use Thursday’s state of the city address to hone in on some of those issues. Homelessness will likely be a focus after the mayor faced accusations he was not doing enough to address the problem.  De Blasio is also likely to revisit public safety. He and his police commissioner, Bill Bratton, cited new statistics on Wednesday showing this January was the safest ever.  De Blasio shifted Thursday’s speech to 7 p.m. from its usual daytime spot in the hope of reaching more New Yorkers. It will be held at the Lehman Center for the Performing Arts, a concert venue in the Bronx. (This version of the story corrects day of speech in paragraphs 1, 9 and 11) ",1
10967,Republican Senator Portman opposes TPP trade deal in present form,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Rob Portman on Thursday said he opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal in its present form, dealing a significant blow to the pact a day after officials from 12 countries signed it. Portman, from Ohio, said the Pacific trade deal fails to meet the needs of his state’s workers because it lacks an enforceable provision to fight currency manipulation and because of new, less-stringent country-of-origin rules for auto parts. “I cannot support the TPP in its current form because it doesn’t provide that level playing field,” Portman said in a statement. While approval of the trade pact is a top priority of President Barack Obama this year, his final year in office, it faces stiff opposition from many of his fellow Democrats in Congress. Meanwhile, Republicans have begun voicing concerns with specific provisions and are indicating that they are in no rush to bring the deal to a vote. Besides insisting that portions of the sweeping pact be renegotiated, some Republicans worry that bringing TPP to a vote before the November elections could hurt the chances of some of their incumbents running in swing states or congressional districts. Portman is seeking a second term in an industrial state where many workers blame job losses on previous trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). He is expected to face a stiff challenge from former Democratic Governor Ted Strickland. The 12-nation deal would liberalize trade from Chile to Japan, representing 40 percent of the world economy. ",1
10968,"Mayor, city manager of Texas 'spinach capital' arrested for corruption","SAN ANTONIO (Reuters) - The mayor and city manager of a south Texas town that bills itself as the “spinach capital of the world,” were arrested on Thursday on charges including strong-arming contractors into paying bribes in exchange for doing business, authorities said. A federal indictment claims five current and former city officials of Crystal City demanded payments from contractors so they could pay off personal gambling bills, bar tabs, car loans, and other expenses. A businessman was also charged for running an illegal gambling operation. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Texas Rangers padlocked the City Hall for Crystal City, with a population of about 7,500 people as part of a probe into corruption where city officials are also accused of dipping into city coffers for their own personal gain, law enforcement officials said. None of those arrested, who include Mayor Ricardo Lopez, made statements after being taken into custody. If convicted, each faces up to 10 years in a federal prison, prosecutors said. City Manager William Jonas, according to the indictment, was elevated to that position from city attorney to reward him for procuring bribes, the indictment said. Businessman Ngoc Tri Nguyen, known as “Mister T,” is charged with paying bribes in exchange for opening an illegal gambling room, and getting city officials to use their muscle to shut down a competing business, it said. Crystal City is known for a quirky tourist attraction of a large statue of the spinach-eating cartoon character Popeye in front of City Hall which celebrates the area’s history as a spinach producer. It holds an annual spinach festival. “Public corruption is one of the most insidious crimes confronting our communities today,” FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs said in a statement. “It contributes to the cynicism we are seeing from members of the public who often feel as though all politicians are corrupt.” The arrests took place without incident and the FBI also seized documents at a San Antonio office in San Antonio, which is leased to Jonas, said FBI Special Agent Michelle Lee. Jonas, a San Antonio attorney, is a former prominent Texas Republican lobbyist who is also facing state charges of assault after police said he is suspected of pushing a woman who attempted to enter the City Hall using the wrong entrance. ",1
10969,Republican Carson cuts staff but vows to campaign on,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said he intends to continue campaigning through the Republican National Convention in July after a report on Thursday said he planned a major downsizing of his flagging campaign. The Washington Post reported that Carson planned to eliminate 50 staff positions, or nearly one-half his staff. Carson, in an appearance on the Fox News Channel, said the cuts have been months in the making after an examination found “inefficiencies” in his campaign.       “It’s the same kind of thing I would do as president,” the retired neurosurgeon said. “There is a lot of money being wasted, a lot of inefficiency in government and just because you have the funds to continue that inefficiency doesn’t mean that you should do it.” The bulk of the cuts will come from his field offices and headquarters in Virginia, the Washington Post said, citing an internal memo and campaign officials. Carson will also reduce salaries for campaign workers, it said. Carson finished fourth among Republican presidential hopefuls in the Iowa caucuses on Monday with less than 10 percent of the vote.  The newspaper said other cost-saving measures included possibly using commercial flights instead of private planes and limiting Carson’s travel team to a select few advisers. “We will be able to continue the campaign right until Cleveland,” Carson said, referring to the convention. “But obviously you always make appropriate adjustments to make sure you can accomplish your goal.” His most senior staffers will remain on the campaign team, according to the Post.  (Reporting by Clarece Polke; Editing by Doina Chiacu and Jeffrey Benkoe) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10970,Pennsylvania governor to address budget amid bitter divide,"(Reuters) - Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf is expected to unveil his proposal for the state’s 2017 budget on Tuesday even though state lawmakers have yet to fully agree on the current spending plan that has languished half-baked as political acrimony has escalated. The state still has only a partial $23.4 billion emergency budget in place nearly a year after Wolf made his 2016 budget proposal the first time, for $29.9 billion. Wolf, a Democrat, had said he would support a negotiated budget of $30.8 billion, but state House Republican leaders scuttled it at the last minute in December. “It’s a gigantic cloud hanging over this year’s process,” said Christopher Borick, associate political science professor at Muhlenberg College in Allentown, Pennsylvania, of the impasse and partial budget.     The incomplete deal, which Wolf called “garbage” and a “ridiculous exercise in budget futility” before stripping it down and signing it in December, was hammered out after school districts across the state threatened to close because of the lack of funding. One question now is whether Wolf will use that tone, or a more conciliatory one, during Tuesday’s budget address. “Wolf is committed to his agenda. I think he believes it’s the right thing to do,” said G. Terry Madonna, public affairs professor at Pennsylvania’s Franklin & Marshall College. Wolf took office in January 2015 pledging to restore education funding, to be paid for in part with a tax on natural gas extraction. He has already said his new budget will include $200 million of additional funding for K-12 public schools, on top of the $377 million increase proposed in the now-defunct compromise budget that Senate Republicans had supported. But while Wolf may view his clear win in 2014 over incumbent Republican Governor Tom Corbett as a mandate from voters, Republicans can point to how they increased their majorities in both houses of the state legislature in that election. Those results “represented very mixed messages from the voters of the state,” Borick said. “That sowed the seeds very much for the type of gridlock we saw last year, where both sides felt empowered.” The logjam makes fixes for the state’s now $2.3 billion structural budget deficit that much harder, Moody’s Investors Service said in October when it threatened to lower its Aa3 rating on Pennsylvania’s nearly $11 billion of outstanding general obligation debt. ",1
10971,"Republican Santorum drops out of White House race, endorses Rubio","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rick Santorum withdrew from the race for the U.S. Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday and said he would endorse Senator Marco Rubio in the race for the White House. Santorum, a 57-year-old former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania, won the Iowa caucuses four years ago but managed only 1 percent of the vote in the Iowa contest on Monday. Santorum, in an appearance on Fox News announcing his withdrawal and endorsement of Rubio, called the Florida senator “a tremendously gifted young man and ... a born leader.” He said Rubio “can bring this country together, not just moderates and conservatives but young and old.” Rubio, 44, finished third in Monday’s Iowa caucuses, the first contest in the state-by-state battle to decide who will be the Republican nominee in the November presidential election. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas finished first in Iowa, putting a dent in real estate tycoon Donald Trump’s standing as the Republican front-runner. Santorum’s withdrawal leaves nine Republican candidates in the 2016 White House race, with the next contest in New Hampshire on Tuesday. U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky announced earlier on Wednesday he was suspending his campaign after a fifth-place finish in Iowa.  A favorite of the Christian right, Santorum announced his White House bid in May with an eye on economic issues. He campaigned on a promise to boost the middle class,eliminate the Internal Revenue Service and crack down on illegalimmigration. Santorum won a reputation as a strong social conservative in Congress, where he opposed same-sex marriage and the teaching of evolution in schools.  (Reporting by Eric Beech; additional reporting by Mohammad Zargham; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10972,Civil rights activist DeRay McKesson running for mayor of Baltimore,"(Reuters) - U.S. civil rights activist DeRay McKesson, who was instrumental in the growth of the Black Lives Matter movement against police violence, is running for mayor of Baltimore. McKesson, who filed his paperwork minutes before Wednesday’s deadline, is among more than a dozen Democrats heading to an April primary.  The 30-year-old son of two now-recovered drug addicts, McKesson rose to prominence during the 2014 protests in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police killing of unarmed black teen Michael Brown and has become one of the nation’s best-known civil rights leaders. His distinctive blue Patagonia vest has been seen everywhere from street demonstrations in his native Baltimore to a recent appearance on “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.” “I am not the silver bullet for the challenges of our city -  no one individual is,” McKesson said on Wednesday in a post on the blog publishing platform Medium.  “Together, with the right ideas, the right passion, the right people, we can take this city in a new direction.” His rivals include former Baltimore Mayor Sheila Dixon and state Senator Catherine Pugh. The city has not elected a Republican mayor in more than 50 years. Current Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said in September that she would not seek re-election when her term ends. A website set up to collect contributions for McKesson’s campaign had recorded 474 donations totaling $34,383 by midday Thursday. An alumnus of Maine’s Bowdoin College, McKesson worked in Baltimore and Minneapolis schools before moving into full-time activism.  One political observer said working-class Baltimore voters might hold his lack of political experience against him. “The profile he has now, he’s gotten from doing national work, not local work,” said Lester Spence, associate professor of political science and African studies at Johns Hopkins University. Last year, the mainly black city of 600,000 people was torn by its worst riots in a half-century following the death of Freddie Gray from injuries sustained while in police custody.    Coming amid a string of controversial police killings across the United States, Gray’s death proved a turning point when prosecutors brought charges against six officers within weeks. The first of those six trials, in which Officer William Porter faced charges including involuntary manslaughter, ended in a hung jury.  That threw State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby’s aggressive schedule into disarray, and a judge last month rejected prosecutors’ request to order Porter to testify against his fellow officers while he awaits retrial. ",1
10973,Kentucky county to appeal federal ruling striking right-to-work law,"LOUISVILLE, Ky. (Reuters) - Officials for a Kentucky county will appeal a federal judge’s ruling that invalidated its right-to-work law, the county’s lawyer said on Thursday. The ruling came a year after labor organizations sued Hardin County after it passed an ordinance that prohibited unions from mandating its members pay dues in exchange for representation. So-called “right-to-work” laws allow employees at unionized employers to skip joining a union and avoid paying union dues. U.S. District Judge David Hale ruled on Wednesday evening that local regulation of union agreements is preempted by the National Labor Relations Act. Hale’s order means that only states can implement such legislation. Democrats, who hold a majority in the state House of Representatives, have blocked repeated bills aiming to make Kentucky the 26th right-to-work state. “These illegal ordinances would have affected all working people, union and non-union, by decreasing wages, lowering median household incomes, increasing poverty and undermining workplace safety,” said Kentucky State AFL-CIO President Bill Londrigan. Beginning in late 2014, several Kentucky counties began passing their own laws after advocates claimed Kentucky law granted counties the same abilities as the state. Proponents of right-to-work laws say they can be a tool to attract new businesses. The ruling affects only Hardin County in north-central Kentucky, one of 12 to have passed a right-to-work law. Four others have passed a first reading. Jim Waters, president of the Bluegrass Institute, said about 80 of Kentucky’s 120 counties had considered passing a right-to-work law but were waiting for Hale’s decision. John Lovett, a lawyer representing Hardin County, said the case pits the interests of local communities against the nation’s most powerful labor unions. “Few issues are more ‘local’ than what a working person is free to do with his or her own money,” Lovett said. ",1
10974,Senate panel approves Obama's pick to lead forces in Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Senate committee approved on Thursday President Barack Obama’s pick to lead U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan. Lieutenant General John Nicholson’s approval by the Senate Armed Services Committee came during a hearing with the outgoing U.S. commander in Afghanistan, General John Campbell. Nicholson said in testimony to the committee last week that he aimed to review a plan that would cut American troop levels by nearly half by the start of next year, as he acknowledged deteriorating security in the country. ",1
10975,Senator presses U.S. derivatives regulator over accounting error,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts is turning up the heat on the U.S. derivatives and commodities regulator over an accounting error that could mean it has deficient funds. Roberts, a Kansas Republican, sent a letter dated Feb. 3 to Timothy Massad, head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, calling for answers on the error, according to the committee. The letter included a list of 11 questions for the CFTC to answer and a request for a detailed briefing before Feb. 17. Pressure has mounted on the agency since last month after Reuters reported that auditing firm KPMG took the extremely rare action of withdrawing nearly a decade of financial opinions about the agency’s accounts when it learned of a significant material error related to leases. The auditor estimated the CFTC had understated liabilities by $194 million in the year to Sept. 30, 2015, and by $212 million the previous year. Lawmakers are concerned that the CFTC has violated a federal law prohibiting government agencies from obligating or spending federal funds in excess of the amount available. The nonpartisan federal watchdog, the Government Accountability Office, is  investigating whether the leasing errors put the CFTC afoul of the anti-deficiency law. “What I find particularly troubling is in 2011 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission faced a similar dilemma concerning its leasing practices and how it accounted for its leases,” Roberts wrote, referring to the top U.S. securities regulator. “Considering the similarity between the agencies, the similarity of the issues, the public Congressional inquiries and the gravity of errant accounting, I am bewildered as to how CFTC finds itself in this current state of affairs.” The questions Roberts posed revolve around how much guidance KPMG and the White House’s Office of Management and Budget provided the CFTC. He also asked about the accounting practices the commission uses and how closely it monitors its books. ",1
10976,U.S. Navy examining rise in health issues among F/A-18 pilots: lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy is investigating a rise in health issues reported since 2009 by pilots of Boeing Co F/A-18 and EA-18G fighter jets, that may be related to insufficient oxygen or other factors, a key U.S. lawmaker said Thursday. Representative Michael Turner, chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, said pilots had to report any episodes in which they experienced “a loss in performance related to insufficient oxygen, depressurization or other factors present during flight.” Turner said the Navy had set up a special team to investigate the incidents and determine the root cause, but it would be a complex process since symptoms related to depressurization, tissue hypoxia and contaminant intoxication often overlapped. “We understand that determining the root cause or causes of physiological episodes in F/A-18 aircraft is a work in progress,” Turner said at the start of a hearing on naval strike fighters.           ",1
10977,Democratic hopefuls Sanders and Clinton spar over 'progressive' credentials,"(Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopefuls Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton battled over their progressive credentials at a town hall on Wednesday, but also reflected on their spirituality, a topic that more commonly dominates the narrative on the other side of the political aisle. Sanders, speaking at the televised event in Derry, New Hampshire, built on an earlier back-and-forth between the two candidates on Twitter and in appearances in the state, which  hosts the second party-nominating contest on Feb. 9, reminding voters that he and Clinton have made different decisions on backing the Iraq war, taking money from Super PACs and energy policies. “Some of my best friends are moderates, but you can’t be a progressive and a moderate at the same time,” Sanders said at the town hall, hosted by CNN, which included questions from voters. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke immediately after Sanders at the town hall.  “I was somewhat amused today that Senator Sanders has set himself up to be the gatekeeper on who is a progressive, because under the definition that was flying around on Twitter and statements from his campaign, Barack Obama would not be a progressive, Joe Biden would not be a progressive ... so I’m not going to let that bother me,” she said. Her campaign issued a press release during Sanders’ appearance, listing Clinton’s efforts “fighting for progressive causes” including health care and education. “I know where I stand, I know who stands with me, I know what I’ve done,” Clinton said. Moderator Anderson Cooper, referring to criticism from Sanders that Clinton is too close to Wall Street, asked her about the more than $600,000 she received from speaking to the investment bank Goldman Sachs. “That’s what they offered,” Clinton said, adding that the payments haven’t had any effect on her calls to rein in the big banks. The two candidates arrived in New Hampshire on Tuesday, a day after Clinton marked a narrow victory in the Iowa caucuses, the first nominating contest leading up to the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Sanders, an independent U.S. senator from Vermont who is a democratic socialist, is polling more than 15 points ahead of Clinton in New Hampshire, but is trailing her nationally by roughly the same amount. During the town hall, Sanders fielded a question about how he would appeal to a broader swath of the electorate, including minority and religious voters - blocs he will need to draw to the polls if he hopes to maintain momentum against Clinton in upcoming nominating contests in the South and West. “Everybody practices religion in a different way. To me, I would not be here tonight, I would not be running for president of the United States, if I did not have very strong religious and spiritual feelings,” said Sanders, who, if elected, would be the first Jewish U.S. president. “My spirituality is that we are all in this together,” Sanders added. Clinton, a former first lady and former U.S. senator who has spent decades in public life, fielded a question that elicited a similarly spiritual response, speaking of balancing the role of public servant and her sense of self. “I get a scripture lesson every morning from a minister that I have a really close personal relationship with,” Clinton said. “He gets up really early to send it to me, so you know, there it is, in my inbox at 5 a.m.” Clinton is seeking to manage expectations about her performance in next week’s New Hampshire primary, saying Sanders has an advantage because he is from a neighboring state. But Clinton shows huge polling leads in the next round of primary contests in Nevada and South Carolina. The results from New Hampshire could shift momentum in the Democratic race. Clinton had hoped for a strong finish against Sanders in Iowa to vanquish his insurgent candidacy. In New Hampshire, she hopes to overcome his polling lead.   (Additional writing by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Leslie Adler) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10978,Obama visits a mosque to send pointed message to non-Muslims,"CATONSVILLE, Md. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama made his first visit to a U.S. mosque on Wednesday, in an effort to allay the fears of Americans accustomed to pop-culture portrayals of Muslims as terrorists, and to reassure Muslim American youth about their place in the nation. Obama, declaring that attacks on Islam were an attack on all religions, decried the “inexcusable political rhetoric” against Muslims from Donald Trump and other Republican presidential candidates. “We have to understand that an attack on one faith is an attack on all our faiths,” he said at the mosque outside of Baltimore, which he said had received threats twice in the past year. “When any religious group is targeted, we all have a responsibility to speak up.” Trump, the Republican front-runner, called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States after authorities described a California couple who killed 14 people last December as radicalized Muslims inspired by Islamic State militants. Obama’s visit was aimed at showing Americans another side of Islam. Before he spoke, Cub Scouts who attend a school run by the mosque carried the American and Maryland state flags into the prayer hall, a plain room save for a three rows of window panes, 99 in all, each depicting one of the names of Allah in Arabic. “Think of your own church or synagogue or temple, and a mosque like this will be very familiar,” said Obama, who, following Islamic custom, took off his shoes to enter the hall. The children led the audience, with some men in prayer caps and most women in head scarves, in the Pledge of Allegiance. A man and a woman recited a verse from the Koran about tolerance and inclusion. Obama, a Christian, outlined the tenets of Islam, and gave a brief history of Muslims in America. He noted that founding father Thomas Jefferson specifically mentioned Muslims when he spoke about the American right to freedom of religion. “Thomas Jefferson’s opponents tried to stir things up by suggesting he was a Muslim, so I was not the first,” said Obama, who has long been accused of secretly being a Muslim, to a roar of laugher. “I’m in good company,” he said. Obama asked a row of Muslim American military service members to stand, as well as Ibtihaj Muhammad, a member of the U.S. fencing team who will be the first American Olympian to compete in a hijab, or head scarf, in this year’s Rio Olympics. The president touched on pop-culture depictions of Muslims as terrorists. “Our television shows should have some Muslim characters that are unrelated to national security, Obama said. Turning to extremist groups such as Islamic State and what he characterized as perverted versions of Islam portrayed by them, Obama urged regular Muslims to “show who you are. To use a little Christian expression - let your light shine.” Later, he told a crowd of cheering children, who had packed the mosque’s gymnasium to watch his speech on large screens, that one day they too could become president. Obama urged young Muslims not to embrace a worldview that required them to choose between faith and patriotism. “You fit in here. Right here,” he said. “You’re not Muslim or American. You’re Muslim and American.” ",1
10979,U.S. senator introduces bill to speed electronic warfare weapons,"SAN DIEGO (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Mark Kirk on Wednesday introduced legislation that would give the Pentagon more flexibility in funding electronic warfare programs and speed often sluggish acquisition times. Current acquisition rules make it tough for the U.S. military to quickly procure and field electronic warfare weapons systems before they are overtaken by developments around the world. Kirk, an Illinois Republican and retired naval intelligence officer, said the bill would help the U.S. military accelerate work on electronic warfare weapons and stay ahead of other countries that are rapidly developing their own capabilities. “It is critical our military dominate the offensive and defensive ends of electronic warfare,” Kirk said in a statement. “The need for enhanced electronic capabilities is even more pronounced on today’s battlefield.” Senator Kristen Gillibrand, a New York Democrat, is co-sponsoring the bill. The bill would amend the fiscal 2016 defense policy bill to include electronic warfare, or EW, under the Pentagon’s Rapid Acquisition Authority (RAA) program. That program lets program managers waive some acquisition rules to more quickly field technology. It would also allow the department to use different contract types, including those used for commercial items, when it buys EW weapons. The bill also includes directives for the Pentagon’s new joint Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, which is headed by Air Force General Paul Selva, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, according to a Kirk aide. The bill directs the committee to provide a strategic plan for the services to work together on electronic warfare systems, and tackle acquisition and budget processes, bolster training, fill capability gaps and advance offensive capabilities. Kirk is expected to discuss the legislation during a visit to a Northrop Grumman Corp facility in Rolling Meadows, Il. on Friday, the aide said. ",1
10980,"U.S. Republican questions timing of $1.7 billion Iran payment, hostage release","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A powerful U.S. lawmaker on Wednesday demanded Secretary of State John Kerry provide an explanation of a $1.7 billion claim settlement paid to Iran just as Tehran released American prisoners last month. Republican Ed Royce, chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, wrote that the timing of the settlement and the administration’s failure to brief Congress “has led some to express concern that the payment represents a de facto ‘ransom’ for the release of American hostages.” Royce asked Kerry to provide by Feb. 17 information including lists of all U.S. officials who participated in negotiations with Iran over the settlement agreement, the prisoner release and the nuclear agreement announced in July. He also asked for legal analyses of the dispute, a timeline of negotiations over the dispute and an explanation of how the interest payment in the settlement was calculated, among other information. On Jan. 17, the State Department said the United States and Iran had settled a longstanding claim at the Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal, releasing to Tehran $400 million in funds frozen since 1981 plus $1.3 billion in interest. State Department spokesman John Kirby said Kerry would respond to the letter. He did not offer further specifics on when and how. “We can confirm receipt of Chairman Royce’s letter, and as with all Congressional correspondence, we’ll respond as appropriate,” Kirby said. U.S. Republican lawmakers, who are strongly critical of Democratic President Barack Obama’s Iran policy, have been questioning the payment for weeks. No Republican supported the nuclear agreement when Congress had the opportunity to review it last year. After the settlement was announced, Obama said it was a better alternative than letting more interest accumulate while waiting for a legal judgment. ",1
10981,Obama budget to adjust health insurance 'Cadillac tax': adviser,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will propose tailoring the controversial “Cadillac tax” on expensive private health insurance plans to reflect regional differences when he releases his 2017 budget plan next week, a senior White House adviser said in an article released on Wednesday. Obama's proposal would reduce the bite of the unpopular tax by raising the threshold where it takes effect in areas where healthcare is particularly expensive, according to the article in the New England Journal of Medicine co-written by Jason Furman, chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. (bit.ly/1QdGlDG) The tax on high-cost employer-based healthcare plans, passed as part of the president’s 2010 Affordable Care Act and set to take effect in 2018, has generated growing opposition in part because labor unions say it could encourage employers to cut back on health insurance plans for workers. The tax was expected to raise some $87 billion a year to help pay for the reform generally known as Obamacare.   White House officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   ",1
10982,Republican campaign for White House turns nastier as field narrows,"HENNIKER, N.H. (Reuters) - Campaigning for the Republican presidential nomination took a nasty turn on Wednesday with billionaire businessman Donald Trump accusing rival Ted Cruz of fraud as the field of candidates narrowed ahead of next week’s New Hampshire primary. Rand Paul, a U.S. senator from Kentucky with a libertarian philosophy, pulled out of the Republican race. Conservative Rick Santorum also exited the race on Wednesday and endorsed U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. Both Paul and Santorum, a former senator from Pennsylvania, did poorly in Monday’s Iowa caucuses, which were won by Cruz, with Trump and Rubio finishing second and third. The caucuses were the first of the state-by-state nominating contests ahead of the Nov. 8 election to replace Democratic President Barack Obama.  Trump, a real estate mogul and former reality TV star, went on Twitter on Wednesday to accuse the conservative U.S. senator from Texas of stealing his victory in Iowa. Cruz’s team hit back by telling Trump to seek help for addiction to the social media site. The two men are going head-to-head for voters in New Hampshire, where Cruz’s evangelical Christian credentials will not likely be as helpful as they were in Iowa. Opinion polls show Trump with a roughly 20-point lead in New Hampshire before next Tuesday’s primary.                         As the New Hampshire race heats up, the Democratic presidential contenders will face off later on Wednesday in a town hall-style event hosted by CNN. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton narrowly beat Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, in Iowa.  Trump called for the nullification of Cruz’s Iowa victory or a new vote in the state. “Ted Cruz didn’t win Iowa, he stole it,” Trump said in a series of tweets. “That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!” “Oh that voter fraud, you know, these politicians are brutal,” Trump said later at a rally in Little Rock, Arkansas. “They are a bunch of dishonest cookies, I want to tell you.” Trump referred to an email that Cruz’s campaign sent on Monday that implied another Republican candidate, Ben Carson, was about to drop out of the race and that his Iowa backers should be urged to vote for the Texan instead. Cruz later apologized for the email. Trump also accused Cruz’s team of sending out a mailer designed to look like an official electoral document to scare Iowa voters into turning out at the caucuses. The accusations were the latest aggressive tactic from Trump, who has courted controversy with attacks on other candidates and by urging a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and branding Mexican immigrants as criminals. Obama visited a mosque near Baltimore on Wednesday, declaring that attacks on Islam were an attack on all faiths, in a move to counter rhetoric from Trump and other Republican candidates that have alienated Muslims. The Cruz campaign said Trump’s complaint was a cry for attention after the senator came from behind in the polls to win on Monday. A Cruz spokesman suggested he seek help for “Twitter addiction.” “It is no surprise that Donald is throwing yet another temper-tantrum, or if you like, yet another Trumpertantrum,” Cruz said. “I understand that Donald finds it very hard to lose … but at the end of the day, the Iowa people spoke.” Cruz won support in Iowa from much of the same conservative Christian constituency that helped Santorum to victory in the Iowa caucuses during the 2012 presidential campaign. But Santorum failed to take off in the 2016 race. He said on Fox News he was suspending his run and called Rubio a “born leader.” The endorsement came as Rubio came under attack by rivals seeking to curry favor in New Hampshire. Rubio said he looked forward to teaming up with Santorum. “We want to use him as often as he’s willing to work for us,” Rubio said. Earlier on Wednesday, Paul became the second Republican to drop out of the race since the Iowa caucuses, after former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.  (Additional reporting by Amy Tennery in New York, Doina Chiacu, Susan Heavey and Eric Beech in Washington and Roberta Rampton in Maryland; Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Bill Trott and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10983,Trump accuses Cruz of stealing Iowa caucuses through 'fraud',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday accused rival Ted Cruz of stealing a victory in the Iowa caucuses and called for another vote or nullification of Cruz’s win. Trump, who finished second behind Cruz, lit up Twitter on Wednesday with a series of posts saying the outcome was tainted because the Cruz campaign had deliberately spread misinformation about Trump’s stand on Obamacare and an erroneous report that Ben Carson was dropping out of the race. Trump had gone into Monday’s caucus voting ahead of the Texas senator by five percentage points in a key poll but Cruz ended up winning, four points ahead of the New York billionaire. “Ted Cruz didn’t win Iowa, he stole it,” Trump (@realDonaldTrump) tweeted. “That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!” Several social media users tweeted screengrabs of an alleged deleted tweet from Trump’s official account, in which he said Cruz “illegally” stolen the vote. “Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified,” Trump wrote. In another tweet, Trump said Cruz had lied about his opinion of President Barack Obama’s healthcare program. “And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and ‘choice’ - a total lie!” he said. Cruz had apologized to Carson on Tuesday because of an email from his campaign before the caucuses, which are the crucial first vote in the U.S. presidential nominating process. “The press is reporting that Dr. Ben Carson is taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week,” the Cruz email read, according to CNN. “Please inform any Carson caucusgoers of this news and urge them to caucus for Ted Cruz.” “Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud,” Trump tweeted. Wednesday afternoon, Cruz responded to Trump’s Twitter rant. “Yet another #Trumpertantrum,” Cruz (@tedcruz) wrote in a retweet of one of Trump’s posts. “@realDonaldTrump very angry w/the people of Iowa. They actually looked at his record.”  Carson had tweeted his feelings about the Iowa vote on Tuesday. “Shameless tactics & dirty political plays defined yesterdays #iacaucus,” he said, using a popular hashtag to refer to the voting. “There is no place for this kind of behavior.”  (Reporting By Amy Tennery; Additional reporting by Melissa Fares; Editing by Bill Trott) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10984,U.S. Republican Rand Paul suspends 2016 White House campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Rand Paul suspended his 2016 presidential bid on Wednesday after his small-government campaign failed to gain traction with voters. The U.S. senator from Kentucky was the second Republican candidate, behind former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, to drop out of the race since Monday’s night’s Iowa caucuses. That contest launched the parties’ process to nominate candidates for the November election. “It’s been an incredible honor to run a principled campaign for the White House. Today, I will end where I began, ready and willing to fight for the cause of Liberty,” Paul said in a statement. In the Republican race, the libertarian-leaning Paul finished in fifth place in Iowa with 4.5 percent of the vote. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz finished first in Iowa, putting a dent in real estate tycoon Donald Trump’s standing as front-runner to be his party’s nominee. Paul, who is also focused on winning another U.S. Senate term, said he would continue fighting for limited government, criminal justice reform and “reasonable” foreign policy. The heir apparent to the libertarian-minded voters who helped his father gain a standing in the last two presidential elections, Paul struggled to attract support in a crowded Republican field. His withdrawal leaves 10 Republican candidates in the 2016 White House race. ",1
10985,U.S. House panel offers alternative to retirement adviser rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation to bypass the U.S. Labor Department and have Congress set standards for brokers who give retirement advice passed a major committee on Wednesday and is now headed to the full House of Representatives. Although the bill faces slim chances of becoming law, it reveals the depth of feuding in Washington over the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law’s requirement that retirement advisers follow a “fiduciary” standard that puts their clients’ interests first. The requirement aims to end potential conflicts of interest by brokers who advise on individual retirement accounts and to protect consumers from buying unnecessary investment products that line brokers’ pockets.  Last week, the Labor Department sent a revised proposal for an adviser rule to the White House’s Office of Management and Budget. Details will not be made public until the White House completes its review. This was the department’s second stab at a rule. Wide criticism from the industry and lawmakers alike forced it to withdraw its initial proposal in 2011.  The House Ways and Means Committee split along party lines as it debated the legislation, which would create a “best interest requirement” and lay out processes for advisers to follow.  Republicans, the majority, touted it as a workable alternative to the Labor Department’s rule, which they said could “frighten off” middle-income investors from seeking advice and give advisers incentives to work only for wealthy clients.  They took issue with how the Labor Department drafted its rule, as well, saying the first version was panned by thousands of people and complaining that the current version lacked transparency. “Just disclose it,” said Rep. Peter Roskam, of Illinois, who helped write the bill, in comments directed at the department. “You’ve written it. It’s done. It’s not holy text.” Democrats said lawmakers should wait to see the Labor Department’s rule before bypassing it. They also complained there were no hearings on the bill, introduced in December, and said industry pressure was behind a sudden rush to pass it. President Barack Obama, a Democrat, would likely veto the legislation if it passed both the House and the Senate. Democrats cautioned that the bill’s major effect, then, will be to hamper negotiations lawmakers might want to have with his administration. Since the initial version was released, Democrats have raised potential problems they see in the rule with the Labor Department. ",1
10986,Pennsylvania Senator Toomey endorses Marco Rubio for president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania on Wednesday endorsed Florida Senator Marco Rubio for the party’s nominee in the November U.S. presidential election. “I think Marco Rubio is the strongest candidate to go up against Hillary Clinton ... but my real motivation is I think he’s going to be a really good president,” Toomey said in an interview on CNN, referring to the Democratic front-runner in the race for the Nov. 8 election.  (Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by Eric Walsh) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10987,U.S. lawmakers chastise officials at all levels over Flint crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers criticized environmental officials at a hearing on Wednesday for not acting sooner when they saw a report that drinking water in Flint, Michigan was polluted with dangerously high levels of lead. “I never thought this could happen in America,” and in a state, “surrounded by fresh water of the Great Lakes,” Brenda Lawrence, a Democrat of Michigan, said at a House Oversight panel examining the water crisis in Flint, a city of 100,000. The panel issued subpoenas to officials who did not show up to testify about water found to have lead levels that hamper brain development and cause other health problems. Thousands of children are believed to have ingested the polluted water in Flint, a mostly African American and Latino suburb near Detroit. Lawrence asked Keith Creagh, head of the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality, why his agency did not act on a report by a federal Environmental Protection Agency expert that showed the water was polluted. She did not get a clear answer. “We all share responsibility in the Flint water crisis, whether it is the city the state or the federal government, we all let the citizens of Flint down,” said Creagh, who took the job last month. Marc Edwards, a water engineer who first raised the issue of Flint’s lead contamination, told the panel the EPA broke laws by not notifying the public about a report of tainted water. “If it’s not criminal, I don’t know what is.” EPA water official Joel Beauvais said he did not know why his agency did not tell the public. Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the committee, complained that the Republican-led panel did not invite Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, a Republican, to testify at the hearing. Representative Matt Cartwright of Pennsylvania criticized Snyder and his hand-picked emergency managers for Flint who were responsible for switching the source of Flint’s tap water from Detroit’s system to the Flint River, a dumping area, in April 2014. Flint is grappling with the health and political fallout over the switch after the more corrosive river water leached lead from old pipes into the system. “He got caught red handed poisoning the children of Flint,” Cartwright, a Democrat, said of Snyder. “There’s no two ways about it. That’s the headline here.” A Snyder spokesman responded in an email: “It’s unfortunate when people who are not working toward a solution inject partisan politics and incendiary rhetoric into an emergency that can best be addressed by people working together.” Snyder will ask state lawmakers in his next budget proposal to approve a $30 million water payment relief plan for Flint residents to keep their water service on and reimburse them for lead-contaminated water they cannot drink, his office said. A busload of Flint residents traveled to Washington to attend the hearing. “We’re serious about making sure that the people responsible for this manmade disaster are held accountable,” said Bernadel Jefferson, a bishop. Lawmakers also slammed the EPA for not sending Administrator Gina McCarthy to Flint until this week, even though the agency has known about the crisis for months. An EPA spokeswoman said the agency had formed a Flint task force last October, and has had a team there for weeks. The head of the oversight panel, Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, a Republican, said he subpoenaed EPA’s Susan Hedman to appear at a deposition in Washington later this month. Hedman, who announced last month that she would resign on Feb. 1, had played down the memo by the EPA’s Miguel del Toral that said tests had shown high levels of lead, telling Flint and Michigan administrators it was only a draft report.  The EPA has agreed to provide all of Hedman’s emails by the end of the week, Chaffetz said.  Chaffetz said his panel had also issued a second subpoena to Darnell Earley, who was Flint’s state-appointed emergency manager when the city switched from Detroit’s system. A. Scott Bolden, Earley’s lawyer, said his client has not been given enough time to respond to the initial subpoena, which was served last night. Bolden said Earley is “not hiding anywhere” and will honor a subpoena issued with a reasonable response time. Earley only implemented the plan to change the city’s water source that others had put in place before he started, Bolden said. “There was nothing put before him by the environmental folks, the water testers or anyone connected to ensuring the quality of the water to suggest in any way that a water disaster was looming.” Political fallout over the crisis could also hold up a wide-ranging bill on energy. Democrats in the Senate threatened to block a bipartisan energy bill if it fails to include immediate aid for Flint.  Federal authorities including the FBI have started a criminal probe into the contamination. ",1
10988,House Speaker Ryan urges conservative unity in election year,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday called on his fellow conservatives to unify in an election year, warning them to refrain from the kind of infighting that frustrated and eventually drove out his predecessor, the more moderate John Boehner. Ryan, in remarks to Heritage Action, one of the influential conservative groups that vexed Boehner with constant demands for more spending curbs and smaller government, said divisions among Republicans played into the hands of Democrats. “Let’s not fight over tactics. Don’t impugn people’s motives,” said Ryan, the Wisconsin congressman who took over the top post in the Republican-dominated U.S. House of Representatives last October. But as he spoke, discontent was brewing among conservative Republicans in the House over the U.S. budget for the coming year. Late last year, more than 160 Republicans out of 246 voted against a two-year budget deal Boehner reached with the administration of Democratic President Barack Obama. On Wednesday, Ryan did not mention Boehner by name. He urged conservatives not to use their disagreements, including over appropriations, as a litmus test for supporting each other. “It’s fine if you disagree ... But we can’t let how someone votes on an amendment to an appropriations bill define what it means to be a conservative,” Ryan said. He cautioned conservatives against standing in “a circular firing squad.”  Heritage Action is an affiliate of the conservative Heritage Foundation research group. Boehner blamed such outside groups for pushing him into a 16-day government shutdown in 2013. He retired last September, weary from fighting with more conservative members who have increased their numbers in the chamber in the past few years. Ryan could soon see Republican unity tested over decisions  on fiscal policy, also a theme in the campaign for the November presidential election. The budget deal reached late last year exceeded strict spending caps by $80 billion over two years, to pump up defense and domestic programs. It is to be used as a framework for budget and appropriations legislation this year. Members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus did not vote for it. Ryan, trying to allay concerns, hosted the Freedom Caucus in his office Tuesday evening for “‘budget and beers,’” a spokeswoman said. Freedom Caucus member Representative John Fleming of Louisiana said the meeting was cordial, with Ryan listening to the group’s objections to higher spending. “We didn’t walk out with any agreements,” Fleming said. Also on Tuesday, Obama and Ryan had their first formal meeting as they search for areas where they may be able to overcome policy differences. ",1
10989,"As his stature rises, Rubio becomes ripe target for rivals","LACONIA, N.H. (Reuters) - Marco Rubio finished third in Monday’s Iowa caucuses, but his Republican White House rivals are attacking him as though he were the victor, and on Wednesday the U.S. senator from Florida peppered his speech with humble caveats that seemed designed to deflect the hits. As the 2016 candidates looked ahead to Tuesday’s New Hampshire primary, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has called Rubio “the boy in the bubble,” suggesting he gives the same speech no matter where he goes. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who is campaigning for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, said Rubio could not win a general election because of his positions on abortion and immigration. Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich both said the country needed an experienced commander in chief, in what appeared to be a jab at Rubio, a first-term senator. In the run-up to the Iowa caucuses, Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, two anti-establishment candidates, had dominated the polls in the state while Rubio lagged well behind. But on Monday, he racked up a surprisingly strong third-place finish, garnering the support of 23 percent of Republican caucus goers, just below Trump’s 24 percent second-place finish. Cruz, a senator from Texas, won Iowa with 28 percent. Many pundits had predicted Rubio would struggle to get much above 15 percent to 20 percent in the state. Rubio struck a triumphant tone in his post-caucus speech. “This is the moment they said would never happen,” he said, adding that the people of Iowa had “sent a very clear message.” On Wednesday, though, he gave a cautious outlook on his prospects in New Hampshire and beyond. Rubio said he was leaving his fate in the Republican U.S. presidential primary contests in God’s hands, and added that he hoped his children would be proud of him “no matter how this turns out.” “I just want to do as well as we possibly can here in New Hampshire,” Rubio told reporters. After emerging as the leading “establishment” candidate competing with Trump and Cruz, Rubio faces high stakes in New Hampshire. His elevated stature in the race has given his rivals added incentive to attack him. Some voters in the state seemed to be warming to him. Grace Freije, 63, of Bow, New Hampshire, said she had decided to support Rubio after gravitating earlier toward Christie. Steve McMahon, 65, said the same.  “He’s not a divisive person,” McMahon said. “This guy’s got the best shot at winning.”   (Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Caren Bohan and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10990,House lawmakers propose $1 billion in aid for struggling coal country,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chair of the House of Representatives appropriations committee introduced a bill on Wednesday that would channel $1 billion to revitalize battered coal-producing communities. House Appropriations Chair Hal Rogers, a long-serving Kentucky Republican, said the RECLAIM Act would provide support to coal-producing communities hit by the decline of the industry to redevelop their economies. Under the bill, which he introduced with both Democrats and Republicans from Virginia, West Virginia and Pennsylvania, $1 billion would be released from the government’s Abandoned Mine Lands (AML) program to help communities generate new economic activities.  “Many coal communities in Appalachia simply do not have the resources to reclaim the abandoned mine sites within their borders,” said Rogers, who represents eastern Kentucky’s coal-mining counties. “This bill allows these communities to be proactive in restoring these sites and utilize them to put our people back to work.” The bill comes after months of talks with the Obama administration, which last year proposed the POWER+ Plan, a multibillion-dollar strategy to support the revitalization of coal country using unused funds from the AML, which consists of fees on coal companies collected over the years. Republican lawmakers had initially been reluctant to support the administration’s plan because they blamed its policies, including regulations forcing power plants to cut carbon emissions tied to burning coal, for the contraction in the coal industry that has seen some of its companies go bankrupt. The bill reflects a few modifications to the White House proposal, including measures to compensate Western states. Wyoming pays the most into the AML because it is still an active low-sulfur coal producer, yet most federal money would likely flow to older coal mining regions like Appalachia. A White House official said the RECLAIM Act is consistent with the administration’s proposal. “The legislation introduced today would bring $1 billion in much needed investment to support abandoned mine land reclamation linked with economic development in struggling coal communities that badly need both,” the official said. Representative Matt Cartwright, a Pennsylvania Democrat, said the bill will create new opportunities “for the families that depended on mining jobs, benefits, and pensions that have disappeared as coal companies have closed their operations.” Local communities welcomed the bill and urged its swift passage. “This is what we’ve been waiting on. This bill, and the money that could come from the bill into our local economies, could give us a little more security,” said Kimberly Shepherd, a member of grass-roots group Kentuckians For The Commonwealth. ",1
10991,Connecticut's governor says no return to pre-recession prosperity,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy delivered a downbeat address on Wednesday, outlining plans to slash government spending and admitting to “a visceral feeling” that there was no going back to the prosperity of pre-recession years. The short and somber address came on the heels of a presentation by Malloy’s top budget official, who called for $570 million of reductions next year on top of millions in cuts and tax hikes in previous years. “Our national economy, while making progress from the Great Recession, was fundamentally changed,” Malloy, a Democrat, said at his annual state of the state address. “A shifting workforce, the rapid rise of technology, and stagnant wage growth have made this recovery tougher for everyone, everywhere.” Connecticut has consistently lagged the national economic recovery and has been hit by job losses in its key financial and high-tech manufacturing industries.  The state has one of the worst funded pension systems in the nation. With required payments set to balloon to $6 billion by 2032, the system presents a significant risk to the budget. “Connecticut is not going back to that pre-recession reality,” Malloy told the Democrat-dominated legislature. “It just doesn’t exist anymore.” Connecticut’s woes show how U.S. states have shared unevenly in the recovery since the financial crisis of 2007-2009. Andrew Cuomo, governor of neighboring New York, felt confident enough to tout a $100 billion infrastructure plan in January. “It’s been a really hard recovery,” said Douglas Offerman, an analyst at Fitch Ratings. “The old paradigm that you would exceed your past peak in every expansion doesn’t appear to be holding right now.” Ben Barnes, Malloy’s top budget official, said the replacement of higher-paying jobs with lower- and middle-wage positions had been a “major story” in Connecticut’s budget ills.  Barnes proposed cuts of 5.75 percent to the budgets of state agencies, which could mean the elimination of several thousand jobs. He said cuts to discretionary spending would amount to 15 percent over two years.  At the start of the legislative session, Malloy urged lawmakers to pass an early budget and not wait until the last day of the fiscal year on June 30. But he said he would not circumvent the process. The governor proposed overhauling the way the state runs its budget to bring the process more in line with revenue projections, shifting away from a “current services” model. He also said lawmakers should implement a spending cap. ",1
10992,New Hampshire to test broader appeal of Cruz's Southern conservatism,"HENNIKER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz’s performance in New Hampshire’s primary election on Tuesday will be a referendum on the Southern evangelical’s appeal to Northern conservatives, a breed he is not used to courting. Cruz is fresh off a victory this week in Iowa, the first contest in the race for the nomination ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election, and the U.S. senator from Texas is betting his undiluted religious conservatism will deliver a strong finish in New Hampshire. Cruz’s campaign does not anticipate a win in New Hampshire. Polling shows national front-runner Donald Trump - who has tighter links with the region as a New Yorker - with a roughly 20 point lead in the state.    But placing second will be crucial if Cruz hopes to keep momentum in a crowded Republican field that includes Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and John Kasich. It could also foretell his appeal in the populous Northeastern states in later contests. “We don’t expect to win here,” Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler told Reuters in New Hampshire. “We expect to do well here.” At a town hall event in Windham, New Hampshire, this week, Cruz - wearing jeans with a silver-plated belt and an open-collared shirt - pitched himself to voters as the candidate who could unite disparate groups of conservatives in the mold of former Republican President Ronald Reagan. “What we’re seeing that is so encouraging - it’s what we saw last night in Iowa, but it’s what we’re seeing in New Hampshire and all across the country - is we’re seeing that old Reagan coalition coming back together,” Cruz said. As in Iowa, Cruz in his New Hampshire appearances invoked Bible verses, emphasized religious freedom and closed by asking the crowd to pray that God would “awaken the body of Christ to pull us back from the abyss.” Cruz’s scripture-infused style was well-aimed at Iowa’s evangelicals but could be less suited for one of the least religious states in the country. Some people who have knocked on doors for Cruz in New Hampshire said they had heard complaints about Cruz’s propensity for quoting the Bible, and they instead tried to emphasize his tax plan or defense of their rights to own guns.  Robert Diack, 53, a Cruz supporter from Pelham, New Hampshire, said he appreciated Cruz’s willingness to share his faith but thought other, more liberal voters could be turned off. “It will be interesting to see how he fares here,” he said. Conservative culture-clash has been a problem for other Republican campaigns too. Recent Republican Iowa winners, including former Senator Rick Santorum in 2012 and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee in 2008, had weak showings in their New Hampshire contests.     But Cruz’s campaign co-chair in New Hampshire, William O’Brien, said the campaign had made a clear decision not to adjust his approach for New Hampshire. “In this race, the best way to connect with voters is to be genuine. That’s why he’s not tailoring his message here,” he said. “We’ve talked a lot about this since we’ve been together.” This strategy could play into Cruz’s efforts to brand himself an “authentic” conservative in contrast to Trump whom Cruz paints as a political chameleon with “New York values.”     Trump leads the Republican field nationally with 38.4 percent in a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll. Trump’s second-place finish in Iowa came as a surprise, as did the strong third-place result by U.S. Senator Rubio of Florida. Cruz has also invested in a robust ground game in New Hampshire. His campaign rented a 40-bed dorm in Chester to house some of its 2,000 volunteers, and door-knockers and callers use apps to target potentially receptive voters. “He has a real organization with real money behind it,” said Charlie Arlinghaus, president of New Hampshire free-market think tank Josiah Bartlett Center for Public Policy. Cruz had $19 million on hand at the end of 2015.  But he has also been criticized for making fewer than 20 visits to New Hampshire, less than many rivals. Cruz’s spokesman said the senator is keeping some focus on later primary states, including those where a Southern conservative message may resonate more strongly.   (Additional reporting and editing by Richard Valdmanis in Machester, New Hampshire; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10993,Santorum to pull out of Republican White House race: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum plans to suspend his campaign for the White House later on Wednesday, CNN reported, citing unidentified sources. The former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania, who won the Iowa Republican caucus in 2012 but did not make headway this election year, plans to endorse another candidate in the 2016 White House race, according to CNN.    (Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Mohammad Zargham) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10994,Obama to visit U.S. mosque to counter Republican rhetoric about Muslims,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama was set on Wednesday to make his first visit to a U.S. mosque, a trip the White House said was aimed at countering rhetoric from Republicans on the presidential campaign trail exploiting some Americans’ fears about Muslims. In the trip to the Islamic Society of Baltimore, Obama wants to highlight the American right to freedom of religion for all, including Muslims, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. “We’ve seen an alarming willingness on the part of some Republicans to try to marginalise law-abiding, patriotic Muslim Americans. And it is offensive,” Earnest told reporters. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States after a California couple who killed 14 people last December were described by authorities as radicalised Muslims inspired by Islamic State militants. Republicans vying to be the party’s candidate for the Nov. 8 presidential election also argued against Obama’s plan to accept 10,000 refugees fleeing Syria’s war, saying it raised national security risks. Republican candidate Ben Carson has said Muslims were unfit for the presidency of the United States. “It has been a transparent strategy on the part of Republicans to play on people’s anxieties, to target religious minorities to advance their political ambition,” Earnest said. Obama has called the comments a betrayal of American values, and said discrimination against Muslims “plays into the hands” of extremist groups like Islamic State. Muslim civil rights leaders have expressed alarm about anti-Muslim backlash, pointing to recent incidents where vandals have thrown bacon and even a pig’s severed heads at mosques. Obama, who has visited mosques outside the United States on trips abroad, will first meet privately with a small group of Muslim community leaders before delivering remarks at the mosque at 12:05 p.m. ET. He is set to speak to the nation’s Christian leaders at the annual National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday, and last week warned against the rise of religious intolerance during a ceremony at the Israeli Embassy. ",1
10995,Clinton clear on Trump: 'We were not friends': People magazine,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton wants to set the record straight on Donald Trump: “We were not friends.” “We knew each other, obviously, in New York,” Clinton, a former U.S. senator from New York, said in excerpts of a People magazine interview released on Wednesday. “I knew a lot of people.” Trump, the real estate billionaire whose standing as Republican front-runner was dented by a second-place finish in the Iowa caucuses on Monday, had long touted his friendship with Bill and Hillary Clinton. In a March 2012 Fox News interview, Trump praised Clinton as a “terrific woman.” “I am biased because I have known her for years. I live in New York. She lives in New York. I really like her and her husband both a lot. I think she really works hard,” Trump told Fox. But the Clintons, who attended Trump’s 2005 wedding, were fair game on the campaign trail.  In November, Trump said Hillary Clinton did not have strength or stamina to be president and called her the worst U.S. secretary of state, a post she held from 2009 to 2013. When Clinton denounced Trump last month for showing “a penchant for sexism,” Trump turned the phrase against her, using it to refer to Bill Clinton’s sexual scandals as president. Trump’s caustic comments about Hispanics, women, Muslims and his rivals for the nomination have set much of the tone for the Republican race.  Clinton has accused him of being divisive and a bully. Clinton told People she could handle Trump’s barbs, but worried about the immigrants and American Muslims he targets. “I’m more concerned about the tone that is being set in the political debate this year because the last thing our country needs right now is more divisiveness, more mean-spiritedness,” she said.  It was not clear when the People interview, which included Clinton’s daughter, Chelsea, was conducted. Clinton won the Iowa Democratic caucuses over U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders on Monday.  “I really care about what he says about other people, who don’t have the voice and the platform,” Clinton said, referring to immigrants and American Muslims. Chelsea Clinton said she has never had a relationship with Donald Trump but remains friends with his daughter, Ivanka. “I do believe that friendship is more important than politics,” she told People. “I would never hold anyone accountable for what their parents or anyone else in their family said or did.”  (Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Bill Trott) SAP is the sponsor of this content. It was independently created by Reuters’ editorial staff and funded in part by SAP, which otherwise has no role in this coverage.",1
10996,U.S. energy bill caught up in fight over Michigan water crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A political fight over the federal government’s role in Michigan’s water contamination crisis spilled onto the U.S. Senate floor on Wednesday as Democrats threatened to block a bipartisan energy bill if it fails to include immediate aid for the city of Flint. Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan told reporters that a “solid agreement” that appeared to be in hand on Tuesday now seemed to be falling apart. “As a senator from Michigan, I intend to make it very clear that they can’t ignore the families of Flint,” Stabenow said when asked about prospects for the energy bill. ",1
10997,U.S. health secretary to brief lawmakers on efforts over Zika virus,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he had invited U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell to brief lawmakers on efforts over the Zika virus. McConnell, speaking on the Senate floor, said there was an increasing amount of concern about the virus as warmer months approach, and “I think we could all benefit from having a better understanding of what preparations are being made to protect Americans.” He said he had asked Burwell to brief relevant Senate committees and leaders in both parties next week.       ",1
10998,Marco Rubio becomes early hope for mainstream U.S. Republicans,"EXETER, N.H./MILFORD, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, emerging from the first presidential nominating contest in Iowa as the leading Republican mainstream contender, portrayed himself in New Hampshire on Tuesday as the party’s best hope to recapture the White House. But Rubio, 44, a U.S. senator from Florida, faces a strong field of establishment rivals in next week’s New Hampshire primary after his stronger-than-expected third-place finish in Iowa behind front-runners Ted Cruz, 45, and Donald Trump, 69. “If I am the nominee, we are going to beat Hillary Clinton and it won’t be by the flip of a coin,” Rubio told supporters in Exeter, New Hampshire, taking a jab at the close Democratic race in Iowa between Clinton and challenger Bernie Sanders, where some precincts were decided on a coin flip. Other more mainstream Republicans including former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, Ohio Governor John Kasich and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, are expected to do better in New Hampshire than in Iowa and vie with Rubio to become the establishment favorite. Cruz and Trump also headed to New Hampshire as the presidential race shifted to the second nominating contest in the state-by-state battle to pick nominees for the Nov. 8 election to replace Democratic President Barack Obama. Trump told a news conference before a rally in Milford, New Hampshire, that he felt “a tinge” of disappointment at losing to Cruz in Iowa.. The billionaire businessman also picked up an endorsement from former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown. Cruz told New Hampshire supporters he was like former Republican President Ronald Reagan, urging the state to help ensure his nomination by giving him a win in the Feb. 9 primary.  “Every day from now until Election Day here in New Hampshire, I’m going to continue asking for the men and women of New Hampshire to make that same fateful decision yet again so that we can reignite the promise of America,” Cruz said. Cruz, a conservative U.S. senator from Texas, beat Trump in Iowa’s Republican caucuses with the help of the state’s large bloc of evangelical Christians, but he might struggle to finish on top in New Hampshire, where Republican voters have a more secular and libertarian streak. Cruz apologized to rival Ben Carson over an email his campaign sent on Monday night implying Carson was dropping out of the race and his Iowa backers should switch to Cruz. “This was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson,” Cruz wrote.  The campaign for Carson, who finished fourth in Iowa, said the retired neurosurgeon had accepted Cruz’s apology but that the incident was the sort of “dirty trick” politics that Carson was trying to fight. The Democratic presidential contenders, Clinton and Sanders, also headed to New Hampshire after their close duel in Iowa, where the former secretary of state narrowly edged out the insurgent U.S. senator from Vermont. Vermont borders New Hampshire, and that proximity may give Sanders an advantage in next Tuesday’s primary. Clinton’s razor-thin margin was the smallest in Iowa Democratic caucus history. Concerns about the income gap and economic insecurity have helped Sanders, 74, a self-described democratic socialist who came from far behind in polls to throw a scare into the front-runner in Iowa. Clinton, 68, acknowledged she had to try harder to win younger Democrats, who backed Sanders in Iowa in large numbers. “I’m going to have some work to do to reach out to young voters, maybe first-time voters, who have to make a tough decision,” she told CNN. The two Democrats also renewed a days-old battle over when and where to have more face-to-face debates, and were still talking about potentially meeting in a televised debate on Thursday night in New Hampshire. On the Republican side, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, who dropped out of the race in December, said a recent hardening of Rubio’s position on immigration and the strength of his anti-abortion stance might cost him.      “Running to the right to win Iowa is going to be a hard sell here in New Hampshire,” Graham, a supporter of Bush, told Reuters in Rindge, New Hampshire. The son of Cuban immigrants, Rubio said he was the candidate to unite the Republicans in the November election, when the party hopes to regain the White House after Obama’s two four-year terms. “People realized on the Republican side that we cannot afford - this country cannot afford - to lose this election, and that I give the party the best chance not just to unify our party but to grow it,” Rubio told ABC’s “Good Morning America” from Manchester, New Hampshire.   The fluent Spanish speaker hopes to win back some of the Latino vote the party lost in recent years as it toughened its stance on immigration. A foreign policy hawk, Rubio advocates a tough approach to Iran, the Islamic State militant group and other U.S. foes. Iowans who supported Rubio at the caucuses said they responded to his relatively positive message and viewed him as the candidate most likely to beat Clinton should she be the Democratic nominee.    Worries about issues such as immigration and terrorism have fueled the campaigns of Trump and Cruz. Christie on Tuesday accused Cruz and Rubio of lacking executive experience for the job of president. “What do they do exactly in the United States Senate? They talk and they talk. They are not responsible for doing anything,” Christie said at his campaign’s New Hampshire headquarters in Bedford.  Opinion polls of Republicans show Trump leading nationally and in New Hampshire. But the state has a long tradition of bucking trends in presidential primaries. Trump, the outspoken real estate magnate who dominated the Republican race for months, broke an unusual silence of more than 12 hours on Twitter after his defeat in Iowa. “Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz & Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor,” he wrote on Twitter on Tuesday where he has regularly posted scathing criticism of his opponents.  (Additional reporting by Doina Chiacu, Susan Heavey, Mohammed Zargham and Megan Cassella in Washington, Ginger Gibson and John Whitesides in Iowa; Writing by Alistair Bell and John Whitesides; Editing by Frances Kerry, Howard Goller and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
10999,Trump: 'Tinge' of sadness over losing Iowa,"MILFORD, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Donald Trump, the New York businessman seeking the Republican U.S. presidential nomination, said on Tuesday he felt “a tinge” of disappointment after losing to Texas Senator Ted Cruz in the Iowa caucuses. Cruz bested Trump with 28 percent of caucus-goers’ pledges on Monday compared to Trump’s 24 percent. Florida Senator Marco Rubio came in a close third with 23 percent. Asked by a reporter if he felt at all bad about the result, Trump said, “There’s a tinge...I probably had a tinge because a poll came out that said I was five points ahead.”  In the weeks before the Iowa caucuses, Trump held leads in almost every statewide and national poll though his dominance in Iowa wobbled after Cruz won a key endorsement from a local evangelical Christian leader. Trump also said there was a chance his decision to skip a Fox News debate among Republican candidates on Thursday might have hurt him in the caucuses. Asked before a rally in Milford, New Hampshire on Tuesday evening if he planned to change his campaign strategy, Trump told a news conference he felt confident in his methods, but he was adding more town hall-style events. But any humility was fleeting as Trump went on to say he beat Rubio by getting support from almost 3,000 Iowans - “That’s a lot of people” - and that he had gotten a larger percentage of support than any other Republican candidate in history “except for that one number,” he added, referring to Cruz’s win. He also said he had not tried very hard to win Iowa. “I didn’t devote tremendous time to it,” he said. “I didn’t expect to do so well.” Trump fielded question after question from reporters about why he thought he lost and whether it made him anxious about primary elections in other states ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. When he took the stage before more than a thousand people, Trump’s swagger had returned. He criticized the media for focusing more on Rubio’s third-place showing than his second, calling journalists “miserable people” and encouraging the crowd to boo them. Fans interviewed before the rally said Trump’s loss did not bother them.  “I think he’s done pretty well from the start,” said Eli Johnson, 33, from nearby Brookline, New Hampshire. “He did pretty well considering Cruz was praying with everyone at every rally (in Iowa) and they’re a really religious state.” ",1
11000,Bernie Sanders shows strong momentum on social media,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - It may be too close to call between Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the Iowa caucuses on Monday, but the senator from Vermont was the clear winner on social media.  Sanders maintained his strong social media presence during the caucuses, commanding the majority of the Twitter mentions over Clinton. Sanders was mentioned over 77,000 times on Twitter during the caucus, while Clinton was mentioned 52,000 times, according to social media sentiment analytics firm Brandwatch.  Clinton, the Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state, was in a virtual tie with Sanders with more than 93 percent of Iowa precincts reporting. Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, amassed the largest number of new Facebook followers of any candidate in the race during Monday, the social network said, topping Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump by 15,695 to 10,704. Clinton had the third most new followers, with 6,210 liking her page in the past day. Among Republicans, Trump finished second in the caucuses to Ted Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas. Sanders resonated with Millennial social media users as well. Social media platform Yik Yak, which is particularly popular among younger social media users, said Sanders was mentioned in 60 percent of all yaks that discussed a Democratic candidate during the caucuses. While social media buzz does not necessarily translate into votes, it is a good indication of the interest level surrounding a candidate. The Iowa contest was the first of the state-by-state battles to pick nominees for the Nov. 8 election to succeed President Barack Obama. Google trends data also showed strong interest in Sanders. In Iowa, Sanders was the top-searched-for Democratic candidate on the search engine, with 52 percent of queries relating to the Democratic candidates. Clinton commanded 42 percent of queries. Even so, Trump was the top most-searched for presidential candidate overall, according to the most recent Google search data available.  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Additional reporting by Amy Tennery; Editing by Marguerita Choy and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11001,Republican Cruz apologizes for email implying Carson might exit race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz apologized to Ben Carson on Tuesday over an email his campaign sent on Monday night that implied Carson was about to drop out of the race and that his Iowa backers should be urged to vote for Cruz instead. A staffer for Cruz sent the email after rumors began circulating that Carson would return to Florida following Iowa’s caucuses on Monday rather than go straight to New Hampshire or South Carolina, other early voting states in the state-by-state nominating contests for the Nov. 8 election. “The press is reporting that Dr. Ben Carson is taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week,” the email read, according to CNN. “Please inform any Carson caucusgoers of this news and urge them to caucus for Ted Cruz.” Carson said he was simply leaving Iowa to avoid a winter storm and to get fresh clothes before continuing his campaign on Wednesday. The retired neurosurgeon, who said his fourth-place performance in Iowa would have been better had the email never been sent, criticized the move as “a dirty trick” and said the Cruz campaign should face some kind of consequences. “What this does is makes me more determined than ever to try to save our country,” Carson said on Fox News on Tuesday. In an apology released on Tuesday afternoon, Cruz, who won the Iowa Republican caucuses, categorized the email as a regular update the campaign would send to grassroots leaders. But the U.S. senator from Texas acknowledged another email should have been sent once Carson clarified he was not dropping out. “This was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson,” Cruz wrote. Carson accepted the apology, his communications director, A. Larry Ross, said in a statement later on Tuesday. “This incident further demonstrates that we need an individual who is not a politician to lead and to heal our nation, not someone driven by ambition,” Ross said, adding that Carson would continue his campaign in New Hampshire and South Carolina. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said he would not interfere in the situation. “You take them at their word for it, and you move on to the next state,” he said on CNN. The question remains whether the dispute will hurt Cruz, a favorite of conservative evangelicals looking to win over Carson supporters should Carson drop out. Dartmouth University political scientist Linda Fowler said it could hurt Cruz if other candidates start to pick up on the interaction and say: “There’s a reason why nobody likes Ted Cruz, and here it is.”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella, Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson; Editing by Peter Cooney and Cynthia Osterman) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11002,House passes bill again to restrict Obama lifting Iran sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly approved legislation on Tuesday that would restrict President Barack Obama’s ability to lift sanctions under the international nuclear deal with Iran, nearly three weeks after a similar vote was canceled. House members voted 246-181 to pass the “Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act,” almost entirely along party lines, with almost every “yes” vote coming from Republicans and Democrats overwhelmingly opposed to it.  The legislation is not expected to become law, even though Republicans control both the House and Senate. Even if it were passed by the Senate, Obama has promised a veto, saying the measure would kill the landmark nuclear agreement. The House narrowly passed the legislation last month, but the vote was voided after nearly a third of the chamber showed up too late to cast their votes. The voided vote took place on Jan. 13. On Jan. 16, U.S. and Iranian authorities announced a complex deal in which Iran released four American prisoners just as the international nuclear agreement was implemented. Congressional aides said the House vote was voided because the new House speaker, Paul Ryan, was pushing members to arrive for votes on time, not because of any connection to the prisoner deal. Democratic lawmakers noted that the repeated vote was not the only one in the House on Tuesday that evoked references to “Groundhog Day,” the 1993 film in which the character played by the actor Bill Murray lives the same day over and over again. The Iran bill was passed just after House Republicans tried and failed to override Obama’s veto of legislation to repeal his healthcare law. House Republicans have voted more than 60 times to try to repeal the healthcare overhaul, one of the Democratic president’s signature domestic policy achievements. ",1
11003,House fails to knock down Obama veto of anti-Obamacare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday failed to override President Barack Obama’s veto of legislation that would have dismantled his signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act. At least a two-thirds vote of the House was needed to knock down Obama’s veto; the Republican-majority House fell short by more than three dozen votes. The vote was 241-186, and ends consideration of the bill; the Senate will not take it up. The widely expected outcome was the latest chapter in the lengthy clash between Republicans and Democrats over the Affordable Care Act, also known as “Obamacare.”  Republicans have been vowing to gut the law since 2010, when the then Democratic-majority Congress passed the landmark program designed to provide healthcare for millions of uninsured Americans. The House has voted to dismantle Obamacare dozens of times, but Republicans could not get a repeal through the Senate until late last year, when they used a procedural maneuver denying Democrats’ ability to block the legislation. Obama vetoed the bill last month; it was the eighth veto of his presidency, and none have been overridden. Republicans were anxious to show they had done everything they could to take down Obamacare, which they say has raised insurance costs and reduced health care choices. They said Tuesday that this was not the end of the story. “The end of Obamacare is coming,” predicted Republican House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy. “When a Republican president takes office next year, we know we can get this passed ... Obamacare can be gone once and for all.” Such a scenario assumes, however, that the Republicans capture the White House in November elections, and maintain their majorities in the Senate and House as well. Democrats mocked Republicans, saying they were proposing to deprive millions of their health insurance without a replacement. About 11.3 Americans have signed up this year for  insurance on the Obamacare exchanges. “While we have voted as of today 63 times to dismantle it, how many times have we voted to replace it? Zero! Zero times to replace it!” declared Representative Chris van Hollen, a Democrat. The bill also would have taken funds away from Planned Parenthood, another target of Republican criticism after undercover videos showed the women’s healthcare provider discussing the use of fetus parts for research. Two anti-abortion activists behind the filming of the videos  were indicted by a Texas grand jury last month, while the jury cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing. ",1
11004,"Obama, Republican leaders seek elusive common ground in White House meeting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama met with a frequent critic, House Speaker Paul Ryan, on Tuesday as the political leaders searched for areas where they may be able to overcome partisan divisions. The Oval Office discussion was the Democratic president’s first formal face-to-face meeting with Ryan since the Wisconsin congressman took over the top post in the Republican-dominated House of Representatives in October. Following the meeting, which was closed to the press, the two ate lunch together in the White House. The session marked a rare public detente between Obama and Ryan, who have repeatedly clashed over issues such as gun control and immigration reform. The get-together in the Obama’s office also included the Republican-controlled Senate’s majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. While the leaders said they hoped to find common ground, there were already signs on Tuesday that compromise might be elusive. Sniping between the administration and the Republicans resumed just hours after the meeting, as White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough slammed Republicans’ latest attempt to overturn the Affordable Care Act. “Groundhog’s Day is great for a movie plot, not a legislative strategy,” McDonough said on Twitter in response to a post from Ryan’s account. “Groundhog Day” is a 1993 movie about a man who relives the same day over and over again.   During the meeting Obama urged actions in areas where Republicans had signaled some support, including ratifying the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, providing tools to help address Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis and advancing cancer treatment. McConnell told reporters after the meeting that he had “some problems” with the trade pact and said he thought it should not be pursued before the November U.S. presidential election.    Ryan also raised concerns about the trade deal, his office said in a statement. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said after the meeting that the administration does not have a specific timeline for Congress to act on the trade agreement, but lawmakers should act “quickly” once the pact is ready for consideration. The leaders also discussed taking action to combat opioid addiction, criminal justice reform and the fight against the Zika virus.  Obama was pleased to meet with the Republican leaders, Earnest told reporters.     Despite the divisiveness seen on the campaign trail, “it actually is possible for leading Republicans to sit down in the same office with a leading Democrat and have a conversation about the priorities of the country,” he said. ",1
11005,Adele: No permission given to political campaigns to use her music,"(Reuters) - British singer Adele made clear on Monday that she has not given permission for anyone to use her music for political campaigns. Adele’s spokesman issued a statement after Republican U.S. presidential contender Donald Trump played Adele’s 2011 hit song “Rolling in the Deep” at rallies in Iowa, and Mike Huckabee released a YouTube parody last week of her 2015 single “Hello.” “Adele has not given permission for her music to be used for any political campaigning,” the singer’s spokesman said in an email. The spokesman did not say whether Adele, whose new album “25” was the biggest seller in the United States last year, was contemplating legal steps to prevent the unauthorized use of her music. Adele is far from the only pop or rock star to have seen politicians co-opt their music for political purposes. Rock band R.E.M. lashed out in September at Trump for using its hit song, “It’s the End of the World” at a rally, and Frankie Sullivan complained about the use of the band’s 1982 hit “Eye of the Tiger,” at a news conference in September featuring Kim Davis, a county clerk in Kentucky briefly jailed for refusing to issue gay marriage licenses.  (Reporting By Jill Serjeant; editing by Grant McCool) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11006,Obama to offer Colombia's Santos U.S. aid to help peace deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama wants to boost U.S. aid to Colombia to help remove landmines and implement the government’s peace accord with a leftist rebel group, the White House said on Tuesday. Obama would discuss the plan with Colombian President Juan Manual Santos during a White House visit on Thursday, and invite U.S. lawmakers to participate in two events aimed at showing support for the potential deal that would end Latin America’s longest war. The fight between the Colombian government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions more since it began in 1964. Three previous attempts at a peace accord failed. After almost four years of talks, an elusive peace deal may finally be in sight, said Bernard Aronson, the U.S. envoy to the negotiations. “I think there’s a real prospect for success and signing of a peace accord this year, hopefully within the first half of this year,” Aronson told reporters on a conference call. Under the deal, FARC rebels would disarm, and the government would need to expand health and education services into areas of the country that had been controlled by the group - two areas where expanded U.S. financial aid could help, said Mark Feierstein, a senior director at the White House National Security Council. “One of the biggest challenges will be to demobilize the FARC and ensure their reintegration into society as constructive members,” Feierstein said. Feierstein declined to comment on how much additional aid Obama would propose. The United States has long been a donor to Colombia, providing almost $10 billion in aid between 2000 and 2015 through a program called Plan Colombia, according to the Congressional Research Service. Colombia’s government on Tuesday warned the country’s second-largest rebel group, the National Liberation Army (ELN), that time is running out to begin peace negotiations to end five decades of war. Any ELN talks would be independent of those with the FARC. On Thursday, Santos meets with Vice President Joe Biden and a group of U.S. senators at Biden’s residence to talk about the peace process and the future of U.S. support for Colombia, before later meeting Obama in the Oval Office. Obama and Santos were also expected to discuss ways the two countries can work together to fight the Zika virus, Feierstein said. ",1
11007,Virtual tie raises doubts: Can Hillary Clinton close the deal?,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s struggle in Iowa to fend off underdog Bernie Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist, reignited questions about her ability to close the deal with Democratic voters and turned up the pressure on her high-profile White House campaign. The Democratic presidential front-runner, whose campaign ran off the rails in Iowa in 2008 against Barack Obama, was dealt another setback on Monday in the Midwestern state that begins the 2016 race for the presidency. The former secretary of state, Clinton, 68, was pushed to a virtual tie with Sanders, a 74-year-old U.S. senator from Vermont. Next up is New Hampshire, which holds its primary on Feb. 9. Sanders has been leading in opinion polls there and has an advantage because it neighbors his home state. A Clinton loss would start to set off alarm bells with her supporters. “She has had every possible structural and organizational advantage and Sanders fought her to a draw,” said Dan Schnur, director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California. “This is almost a moment by moment rerun of 2008,” Schnur said. “The difference is her competition is not as tough this time.” Clinton insisted at her post-caucus rally that she was the candidate who could unify her party and prevail against a Republican challenger in the Nov. 8 election but the sense of disappointment was palpable. Her subdued, six-minute speech contrasted with the ebullient tone of Sanders’ 16-minute speech.  With no clear victory to announce, Clinton’s campaign scrapped a plan to have her daughter Chelsea and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, introduce her. They stood alongside her instead, with Bill Clinton wearing his campaign logo badge upside-down. Aides removed the TelePrompter at the last minute, supporters at the Drake University rally told Reuters, in a further indication of last-minute changes in plans. While the race in Iowa had tightened in recent weeks, her aides had appeared to draw some confidence from a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg politics poll over the weekend that showed Clinton with a three-percentage-point lead over Sanders among likely caucus-goers. Into the early hours of Tuesday morning, Clinton and Sanders remained separated by less than a single percentage point. The race was so tight that several precincts were forced to decide whether Clinton or Sanders got the winning votes - and one more delegate - by a coin toss, following the state Democratic Party’s advice. The MSNBC television network finally called the race for Clinton at nearly 3 a.m. CST (0900 GMT), and Clinton’s Iowa state director Matt Paul issued a statement declaring victory with “no uncertainty.” Opinion polls show Clinton still faces an enthusiasm gap with Sanders and her Republican rivals, whose race attracted a record turnout in Iowa. Voters have persistent doubts about her honesty and trustworthiness after months of controversy over her use of a private email server for government work while secretary of state. Sanders, who launched his campaign nine months ago with a small, sparsely attended news conference on Capitol Hill, has excited liberal activists with an anti-establishment message that calls for eradicating income inequality, breaking up the big banks and providing free college tuition. Iowa was a good state to test that message, given the heavy liberal bent of the Democratic activists who dominate the caucus process. Entrance polls of Iowa caucus-goers showed 68 percent described themselves as very or somewhat liberal. Fundraising figures reported on Sunday by Sanders underscored the extent to which his campaign has grown into a popular movement. Clinton has raised more than Sanders - her campaign brought in $109 million last year compared to his $73.5 million. But 75 percent of his haul came from donations of $200 or less, in contrast to only 18 percent of Clinton’s, and far more of Clinton’s donors have hit the $2,700 donation limit. Still, Sanders faces significant challenges when the Democratic nominating contest moves to the more diverse states of Nevada and South Carolina before expanding to 11 states on March 1, “Super Tuesday,” including seven in the South where Clinton’s advantage with African-American voters could begin to pay off. “Iowa was built for Bernie Sanders,” said Democratic strategist Joe Trippi, who nevertheless said the strong showing by Sanders means “this race goes on longer than Clinton wanted it to.”  (Additional reporting by Jonathan Allen in Washington; Editing by Caren Bohan and Howard Goller) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11008,"Among White House hopefuls, Trump least likely to hit 'follow' button on Twitter ","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The millions of Twitter users following Donald Trump shouldn’t expect a “follow back” from the Republican presidential front-runner anytime soon.  Trump’s campaign account @realDonaldTrump has nearly 6 million Twitter followers, the most of any candidate running for president. But he is picky about who he follows, with just 49 accounts listed as of Friday. That means he has the highest ratio of followers to those he is following, in both the Republican and Democratic fields.  In contrast, Ted Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas who has emerged as Trump’s strongest rival, follows nearly 14,000 accounts on Twitter and has 755,000 followers, according to his profile as of Friday. The exclusivity underscores how Trump primarily uses Twitter to broadcast his message as opposed to engaging in a back and forth with users, experts in digital strategy said. While other campaigns use a similar approach, Trump commands the most attention on social media. Trump’s pickiness may indicate a surprising strategy for the freewheeling Republican front-runner: Playing it safe when it comes to pledging his Twitter allegiance with a “follow.”  Candidates can’t pick and choose their followers, but they have control over when to click the follow button. “There is more risk in who you follow,” said Scott Talan, a communications professor at American University who teaches social media strategy. “If you’re actively following someone, you’re assuming it’s not going to be some religious extremist ... or a prisoner with a record.” And, while some Republican candidates follow each other, Trump follows none of them.  The accounts Trump monitors include those of his children and several hotel properties. Also on the eclectic list are musician Steven Tyler, basketball great Magic Johnson, Vince McMahon, chairman and CEO of WWE Inc, and sisters Lynette “Diamond” Hardaway and Rochelle “Silk” Richardson, former Democrats who now stump for Trump and tweet under the handle @DiamondandSilk. Despite Trump’s highly public battle with Fox News over anchor Megyn Kelly’s role as a moderator in last week’s Republican debate, Fox shows or news personalities such as Sean Hannity account for better than 10 percent of the handles he follows. Kelly, not surprisingly, did not make the list, but the Fox handles still add up to a larger bloc than any outside of Trump’s family or business. Hannity and other Fox presenters are also widely followed by Trump’s rivals for the GOP presidential nomination. Trump’s cautious approach to who he follows hasn’t put a damper on his social activity. His account shows more than 30,000 tweets, the highest of any account reviewed by Reuters.  It also hasn’t stopped Trump from committing blunders with his retweets, like the one from an account called @WhiteGenocideTM, which gave its location as “Jewmerica” and featured an image that referenced George Lincoln Rockwell, a prominent figure in the neo-Nazi movement in the United States. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign, said that Trump operates his own Twitter account. “Everything you see on there is pretty much directly from him,” she said. “The strategy behind it is to tell the truth and to call it like he sees it.” On Twitter, Trump goes where his opponents fear to tread. He uses it to launch unfiltered personal attacks on those who cross paths with him. For example, he did not shy from retweeting a post that included photographs of a skimpily dressed Kelly from a magazine shoot and the comment, “And this is the bimbo that’s asking presidential questions?” “He is definitely a loose cannon in terms of how he uses his Twitter account,” said Micah Sifry, co-founder of Personal Democracy Media, an online forum on technology and politics. “At the same time, he hasn’t been hurt by it yet because apparently a big chunk of what he’s saying is popular among Republican voters.”  Trump is aware of his social media success. Following the seventh Republican presidential debate on Thursday, he tweeted Twitter data showing that he commanded the most traffic during the event. “Great Twitter poll-and I wasn’t even there,” he said. Twitter matters to campaigns - it is an increasingly important way for candidates to reach their most ardent supporters.  But talking about the issues on Twitter may not always be the most effective means of engaging supporters. A recent Trump tweet wishing retired golfer Jack Nicklaus happy birthday received more than four thousand “likes”, roughly twice as many as Clinton’s policy-related tweets on the same day.   (Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus and Amy Tennery in New York, editing by Dan Burns and Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11009,Trump's defeat raises questions about his jetsetting campaign,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump’s surprise defeat in Iowa at the hands of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz reflected shortcomings in his get-out-the-vote operations and an over reliance on his celebrity status in a state where voters prefer the personal touch. The New York billionaire and former TV reality star generated much enthusiasm for his anti-establishment message, but in the end he was out muscled by Cruz’ more traditional ground game and saw some late-deciding voters side with U.S. Senator Marco Rubio. All signs had pointed to a Trump victory in the first nominating contest in the race for the White House, with the Des Moines Register’s influential poll giving Trump the lead on the weekend before Iowans went to caucus on Monday.  The loss, while not by a large margin, raised questions about Trump’s ability to perform as well in voting contests as he does in polls. Prior to Monday, Trump had repeatedly boasted that he would easily win Iowa, and he has been the front runner in most national polls since last summer.  Sensing victory, Trump had mocked Cruz’s ground game in the hours before voters went to their caucus sites. “I hear they all have these great ground games, they’ve got people pouring in on buses and trucks,” Trump said at a campaign rally. “They are spending all the money they have from special interests. For our country, I want the person who is going to spend the least amount and get the best results.” Trump had relied on what Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann told Reuters was a “stealth” ground effort. For some though, the specifics of Trump’s plan for turning out his supporters on Monday were questionable. Instead of aggressively trying to convert any and all Republicans to his cause as Cruz did, Trump relied mostly on signing up supporters from among those who attended his rallies.  The challenge Trump faced was trying to persuade these people, many of whom had never participated in a caucus before, to show up. Tana Goertz, Trump’s Iowa campaign chair, was frequently an introductory speaker at Trump events and would encourage attendees to make sure they knew where to go to caucus. Leaflets were passed out reassuring voters that the ballot is secret and, “most caucuses take less than 1 hour.” “It’s new to a lot of these people who were supporting him,” said David McNeer, of Newton, Iowa, who steered his precinct into overwhelmingly voting for Trump. “It may be at the end that some of them didn’t come out like they thought were going to come out.” Trump’s bombastic style and flair for the dramatic may in the end have not helped as much as he would have hoped. As Cruz and Rubio went the more traditional route of talking to small groups of people at pizza parlors and hotel conference rooms, Trump would make a dramatic entrance in his private jet, emblazoned with his name, and tear into his rivals at rallies attended by thousands. He made pandering comments like wanting to buy a farm in Iowa and hoping his pregnant daughter would deliver her baby in the state. He did few small events. Gary Updegraff, an enthusiastic Trump backer and precinct chairman in Des Moines, said he believed Trump would adjust his style. “He’s a very smart man, he’s going to analyze this with his people, he’ll talk to his family probably about it. I think the genuineness of Donald Trump needs to come out a little bit more,” Updegraff said. Trump took some initial steps in this direction in the final days before the caucus. He appeared with evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr., who asked Trump friendly questions that played up the candidate’s contributions to charitable causes and pointed out he served cheeseburgers, not caviar, on his plane. At least some of his supporters think Trump might have performed better if he had participated in a Fox News debate last week instead of boycotting in opposition to anchor Megyn Kelly and a Fox news release he felt had a biting tone. “I think a lot of things caught up to him here in the last couple of weeks,” said Trump supporter Brett Ridge of Des Moines, speaking shortly after Trump’s concession speech. “When it comes down to it, he should have been at the debate last week.” Trump noted in his concession speech that some had argued he would never do well in the state. “Iowa, we love you,” Trump said in defeat. “You are very special. I think we might come back here and buy a farm.”  (Additional reporting by Ginger Gibson, editing by Paul Thomasch and Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11010,Obama highlights five priorities in meeting with Republican leaders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama highlighted five legislative priorities in a meeting on Tuesday with Republican congressional leaders, including the financial crisis in Puerto Rico and passage of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the White House said. The White House said Obama also discussed the opioid  epidemic, cancer research and criminal justice reform with Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “The president is eager to see Congress take that action as soon as possible this year,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said of the sweeping trade pact. ",1
11011,Cruz's Iowa victory could show Big Corn's waning influence,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz’s victory on Monday in corn-rich Iowa could represent a major blow to the country’s controversial biofuels program, reflecting its waning influence over politicians even in the U.S. farm heartland. Cruz, a conservative senator from Texas and outspoken opponent of the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, upset billionaire businessman Donald Trump in the Iowa caucuses, the first of the state-by-state battles to pick party nominees for the Nov. 8 election. Cruz won with 28 percent of the vote, compared with 24 percent for Trump, in a victory that included taking Kossuth County, the state’s biggest corn-producing county. The result was a setback for corn farmers in the country’s biggest ethanol-producing state, who have lobbied hard to protect the policy from being dismantled after more than a decade. The program requires the use of ethanol and other biofuels in the nation’s fuel supply and is aimed at reducing U.S. dependence on foreign oil, utilizing cleaner, domestic energy sources and boosting rural economies. Cruz now supports a phase-out of requirements for renewable fuel, rather than the immediate repeal he was pushing for in 2013.  Still, the fact he won Iowa without the backing of the ethanol and corn lobby may raise doubts as to whether candidates still need to garner its support in the long term, potentially removing a big pillar of support for the lobby’s agenda. “The conversation inside of Congress in the morning will change instantly, as Republicans realize they can be against the mandate and still win,” said Michael McKenna, a Republican strategist and energy lobbyist, speaking of a Cruz win. For some voters, terrorism and healthcare are bigger issues than the state’s ethanol industry. “I think the clear message coming out of Iowa is that whatever political influence ethanol used to have in the state, those days are now over,” said George David Banks, Executive Vice President of the American Council for Capital Formation. RFS has come under heightened criticism from oil groups, which say the volumes set by Congress are unachievable. Environmentalists also question the benefits of corn-based ethanol, which represents the vast majority of an 18-billion-gallon biofuels industry.  Attempts to reform or repeal the program have been unsuccessful. A repeal amendment tacked onto a Senate energy bill being considered this week is expected to be rejected, if it even goes to a vote. Ahead of Monday’s caucuses, some equity traders had played down the impact of the vote on U.S. ethanol producers, noting it is too early in the election process to be meaningful for individual stocks.  Shares in Green Plains Inc and Pacific Ethanol Inc were down over 4 percent in thin trading on Tuesday morning, underperforming the broader equity market. BB&T cut its price target on Green Plains on Tuesday. Reinforcing the weak outlook for ethanol margins on Tuesday, Archer Daniels Midland reported weaker-than-expected earnings, blaming poor biofuels prices.  Shares were down almost 8 percent at $32.73, on track for its worst daily performance in 4-1/2 years. Iowa, the top ethanol-producing state, remains the stronghold of support for the program. The industry accounts for more than $4.9 billion, or 3.5 percent, of the state’s gross domestic product. Ethanol has already broken into the transportation fuel infrastructure, representing about 10 percent of blended gasoline, and some experts said the majority of Iowa voters still supported RFS. Eric Branstad, Iowa director of the pro-RFS group, America’s Renewable Future, said on Monday night that although Cruz’s position would be devastating to the state’s economy, “We feel good about our results.” “The vast majority of our candidates and the vast majority of caucus-goers realize the economic, national security, and environmental benefits of the RFS,” Branstad said in a statement. “If the RFS doesn’t win in Iowa, where does it win?” said Bruce Babcock, an economics professor at Iowa State University. “It goes against what the Republican establishment has been pushing for years.”  (Reporting by Chris Prentice; Additional reporting by Valerie Volcovici in Washington DC and Josephine Mason in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney and Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11012,Detroit school system's manager to step down this month,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Detroit Public Schools’ emergency manager Darnell Earley is stepping down later this month, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said on Tuesday. Earley, who has drawn criticism from the teachers union and black state lawmakers for the crumbling state of the city’s schools, will leave the school district on Feb. 29, the governor said in a statement.  Earley, who had formerly presided over the city of Flint and its now lead-contaminated water system, has served as manager of the Detroit schools since January 2015. The school system is drowning under $3.5 billion of debt, including $1.7 billion of bonds backed by property taxes. Detroit Public Schools is suffering from declining enrollment. Heavy pension and debt obligations have left the district in danger of running out of cash in April. The governor said if the state Senate passes legislation  reorganizing the school and tackling the debt soon, the school system could revert to some form of local control. If the debt is not addressed, the system will be “virtually insolvent” by April, Snyder said. A November report by Earley said a bankruptcy by Detroit’s school system could shift liabilities for pensions and bonds to the state and local governments. The governor, whose approval is needed for the system to file for bankruptcy, is unlikely to support such a move. Snyder said on Tuesday that Earley has done a “very good job under some very difficult circumstances,” restructuring the school system, cutting costs and working to stabilize student enrollment.    The governor said he will appoint a transition leader before the end of the month to set in place his plan to restructure the system to address the district’s academics and finances.     The Michigan black legislative caucus last week asked Snyder to fire Earley. Also last week, the union for Detroit public school teachers sued the district, demanding Earley’s immediate removal and a return of local control with a plan to repair the district’s crumbling buildings. Ivy Bailey, interim president of the Detroit Federation of Teachers, called Earley’s departure a “step in the right direction.” Under Earley’s leadership as emergency manager of Flint, the city switched its water supply from Detroit to the Flint River in April 2014. It switched back last October after tests found high lead levels in blood samples from Flint children. Lead is a neurotoxin that can damage the brain and cause other health problems. Earley has said he is not to blame for the problem since the decision was made before his tenure. ",1
11013,A low-key Trump ends social media silence,"(Reuters) - After what seemed like a very long silence by his standards, Donald Trump returned to Twitter on Tuesday morning, striking an uncharacteristically low-key tone. “My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn’t do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice,” tweeted Trump (@realDonaldTrump) on Tuesday. “Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz & Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor,” he later tweeted. For months, opinion polls have placed the real estate mogul and former reality TV star as front-runner to be the Republican candidate in November’s U.S. presidential election. In his first test at the hands of voters - Monday’s Iowa caucuses, which kicked off the parties’ nominating process - Trump was beaten into second place by U.S. Senator Ted Cruz. Senator Marco Rubio came in a close third. Trump’s Twitter account went dark from Monday evening for roughly 15 hours, an unusually long period for the White House hopeful, who averages about 17 tweets per day, according to TwitterCounter.com. His second-place showing in Iowa inspired a derisive hashtag  called #___SupportsDonaldTrump. Twitter users used the hashtag to take shots at Trump, filling in the blank with universally loathed people.  “Your high school teacher that didn’t let you use the bathroom when you needed to go badly #___SupportsDonaldTrump,” Faran (@Raizand_) tweeted Tuesday.  Trump, who never tires of calling himself a “winner,” had his own favorite epithet used against him online. Twitter erupted Tuesday over the news that a website called “loser.com” directed Internet users to Trump’s Wikipedia page.  (Reporting By Amy Tennery; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11014,"Trump presidency faces longer odds after Iowa, betting sites say","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican candidate Donald Trump’s odds at becoming the next president of the United States took a hit following his loss to Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the Iowa caucuses, two online betting sites said on Tuesday.  On Tuesday morning, both Ladbrokes PLC and Paddy Power Betfair PLC said the real estate tycoon’s odds of winning the November election were now 7/1, compared to 3/1 on Monday. That reduced his chances for victory to 13 percent from 25 percent on Monday. Cruz won Monday’s Republican Iowa caucuses with 28 percent of the vote compared with 24 percent for Trump, whose aggressive and unorthodox campaign has been marked by unorthodox and controversial stances such as calls to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States or build a wall along the U.S.-Mexican border. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida has taken over as the favorite to become the Republican nominee after a stronger-than-expected third place finish in the caucuses, Ladbrokes said. His odds for the nomination were 4/5 on Tuesday, giving him a 56 percent chance. Trump’s odds were 11/4, giving him a 27 percent chance. “This could be the first sign that the Trump bubble is about to burst,” said Matthew Shaddick, head of political odds at  Ladbrokes, said in a statement. “The betting is now firmly pointing toward a Clinton-Rubio showdown in November.” Trump’s odds have improved since he declared his candidacy in June, when they were 100/1, giving him a 1 percent chance, Ladbrokes said.  (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by David Gregorio) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11015,Exclusive: U.S. budget plan includes over $13 billion for new submarine - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon’s next five-year budget proposal seeks over $13 billion in funding for a new submarine to carry nuclear ballistic missiles, plus orders for more Boeing Co (BA.N) and Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) fighter jets, according to sources familiar with the plans. The plan also shifts the Navy’s strategy for a new carrier-based unmanned drone to focus more on intelligence-gathering and refueling than combat strike missions, said the sources, who were not authorized to discuss it publicly before the budget’s release.  U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter plans to map out his spending priorities for the $583 billion 2017 defense budget on Tuesday ahead of the official budget release on Feb. 9. The Pentagon’s plan will also underscore the need to fund all three legs of the U.S. strategic deterrent “triad” - a new Air Force bomber, a replacement for the Ohio-class submarines that carry nuclear weapons, and new nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missiles, said one of the sources. The Navy’s proposed fiscal 2017 budget will fund procurement of materials for the new submarines that take a long time to acquire, with funding for construction of the first full new submarine to follow in fiscal 2021, said one of the sources. Over the next five years, the Navy would spend over $4 billion on research and development of the new submarines, plus over $9 billion in procurement funding, the sources said. General Dynamics Corp (GD.N) has the lead role on the new submarine to replace the current Ohio-class of submarines, together with Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII.N).  Boeing would receive well over $1 billion in new aircraft orders as it seeks to extend production at the company’s St. Louis facility. The Navy will request funding for two Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets as part of the fiscal 2017 war budget, and 14 in the fiscal 2018 budget, said one of the sources.  Navy officials also will likely add a request for 12 more Boeing Super Hornets to their annual list of “unfunded priorities” for fiscal 2017, said one of the sources. Those moves are aimed at filling a shortfall in the number of strike fighters available on aircraft carriers, given delays in the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet program and longer-than-expected repair times for current Boeing F/A-18 jets. The five-year budget plan calls for Lockheed to sell a total of 161 F-35 fighter jets to the Navy and Marine Corps - 64 C-model jets that take off and land on aircraft carriers and 97 B-model jets, which can take off from shorter runways and land like a helicopter, according to one of the sources.   The proposal also narrows the mission of a new drone to be built by the U.S. Navy, the sources said. To reflect the change, the Navy plans to rename the new drone program the Carrier-Based Air Refueling System, or CBARS, instead of the Unmanned Carrier-Launched Airborne Surveillance and Strike (UCLASS) program, said one of the sources. The drones would have an initial limited strike capability, but more could be added in coming years, the sources said. Boeing, Lockheed, Northrop Grumman Corp (NOC.N), which makes the unmanned, unarmed X-47B plane that has been tested on U.S. carriers, and privately held General Atomics spent tens of millions of dollars to prepare for the previous tender. But the program was put on hold in 2014 pending a Pentagon-wide review of intelligence and surveillance programs.   ",1
11016,Marco Rubio emerges as champion of battered Republican establishment,"DES MOINES (Reuters) - Texas Senator Ted Cruz was victorious in the first Republican nomination contest of the 2016 White House race, but there was another big winner in Iowa on Monday night: Florida Senator Marco Rubio and the Republican establishment.  For months, Cruz and Donald Trump’s brand of angry, scorched-earth, insurgent politics defined the race for the Republican presidential nomination, while more moderate candidates tussled with themselves to try to mount a challenge to them.  The hope among Republican party leaders has long been for a champion to emerge. And on Monday, that person was Rubio, who finished a hair behind Trump and only a few points behind Cruz. When Rubio took the stage in a hotel ballroom after the final results were announced, he gave what amounted to a victory speech. “This is the moment they said would never happen,” the first-term senator said. “For months, they told us we had no chance.” The fight for the nomination has unmistakably entered a new phase.  “We have a three-way race,” said Craig Robinson, the former political director of the Iowa Republican Party. Rubio’s night shocked Iowa political observers like Robinson, who had predicted Rubio would wind up far behind Trump and Cruz, with perhaps around 15-18 percent of the vote. He finished with 23 percent. Rubio’s performance will strengthen his argument that supporters of other moderate, establishment candidates such as former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, and Ohio governor John Kasich should throw their support, and their money, behind him. Rubio could use the extra cash. His campaign committee raised just over $14 million from donors in the fourth quarter of 2015, putting him well behind Cruz, who brought in more than $20 million. To date, his campaign has raised nearly $40 million, while Cruz has raised $47 million.  Rubio’s Super PAC, which can raise unlimited funds as long as it does not coordinate directly with him, also trails the PACs supporting Cruz. It pulled in $30.5 million last year, while Cruz’s PACs raked in $42 million. Trump, a billionaire, largely self-funds his campaign.  Rubio’s third place finish in Iowa means he “is the consensus establishment candidate,” said Douglas Gross, a Republican strategist in Des Moines.  Rubio flew to New Hampshire on Monday evening and will likely begin making that argument to voters there ahead of the state’s primary, or early nominating contest, on Feb. 10.  On the campaign trail in Iowa, Rubio railed at many of the same targets as Cruz and Trump: Islamic State, immigration and President Barack Obama’s healthcare overhaul, popularly known as Obamacare. But he embedded his criticism within a more optimistic, inclusive message. The American-born son of Cuban immigrants, Rubio would be the first Hispanic president.  “It’s not enough to just be angry,” Rubio told voters during last-minute campaigning in the weekend before the caucus vote. “Anger is not a plan. Anger is not solution.” Iowans who supported Rubio at the caucuses told Reuters they responded to his positive message and viewed him as the best candidate to beat Hillary Clinton in the November election, should she be the Democratic nominee.  “I’ve been looking for someone who really will be an agent for change and I think Marco Rubio will be that guy,” said Kevin Huerkamp, 56, of Clive, Iowa. According to election returns, Rubio swamped both Cruz and Trump in Iowa’s urban areas - Des Moines, Iowa City, Davenport -suggesting that he could prosper when the Republican race progresses to denser, more populated states such as Florida and Ohio.  (This story has been refiled to replace Rubio’s name in last paragraph with Trump’s) ",1
11017,Republican candidate Huckabee suspends bid for White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mike Huckabee suspended his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Monday night, the former Arkansas governor announced on Twitter after garnering little support in the Iowa caucuses. “I am officially suspending my campaign,” he said on Twitter. “Thank you for all your loyal support.” Huckabee, who won the Iowa caucuses in 2008, had less than 2 percent of the vote on Monday with 85 percent of precincts reporting, according to the Iowa Republican Party. ",1
11018,"When Trump tells supporters not to donate, they mostly listen","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump likes to boast to his supporters that he’s so rich he doesn’t need outside money to pay for his presidential campaign. His fans seem happy to oblige him, according to financial disclosures released on Sunday. The New York businessman’s quest to become the Republican party’s presidential nominee has attracted massive crowds but only a trickle of donations, the disclosures filed with the U.S. Federal Election Commission show. He raised just $2.6 million from donors in the last three months of 2015. Three quarters of that money came from sales of merchandise like baseball caps bearing his campaign slogan “Make America Great Again,” while only about $540,000 came from individuals giving more than $200. Most of his Republican rivals have raised far more. His nearest rival, Senator Ted Cruz, raised $20.5 million, while former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who was once the front runner but has fallen sharply in the polls, raised $7 million. Yet Trump still leads in every national poll as voters in Iowa prepare to gather for the country’s nominating contest on Monday.    The bulk of the cash Trump is using to fund his presidential run comes from $12.6 million in loans he made to his campaign in 2015.  Some of that money has gone right back to his businesses: His biggest campaign expenditure in the fourth quarter of 2015 was the $826,590 he paid TAG Air, Inc, which runs his fleet of private aircraft, to shuttle him between campaign stops and his homes in New York and Florida. Trump’s second largest expenditure was $478,000 to Wizbang Solutions, a printing and design firm, followed by $411,000 his campaign paid to a consulting company that collects signatures to get candidates onto states’ election ballots. He’s the only billionaire in race, although a few of his competitors are millionaires. Supporters across the country often say his financial independence appeals to them because they believe he can’t be bought by special interest groups.  Trump’s financial reports show his fundraising isn’t the only area that sets him apart from the other candidates.  Trump spent $6.9 million during the last three months of 2015. His distant rival for the Republican nomination, the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, spent $27 million. Cruz spent $15.5 million.  And the man now seen as the most plausible establishment alternative to Trump, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, spent $14.8 million in the fourth quarter. That’s about $2 million more than Trump spent in all of 2015.  (Reporting By Emily Flitter in New York; Additional reporting by Jonathan Allen in Washington; Editing by Robert Birsel) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11019,Minnesota Governor Dayton released from hospital after fainting,"(Reuters) - Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton was released on Monday from a hospital where he was treated after fainting during an event, an aide said. Dayton, 69, was treated for dehydration at Regions Hospital in St. Paul and will return to a normal schedule on Tuesday, aide Bob Hume said in a statement. “He is grateful for the excellent level of care he received while a patient at Regions,” he said. Dayton collapsed on Sunday while speaking during an event in Woodbury, a St. Paul suburb. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party. ",1
11020,Pennsylvania Democrats raise concerns over CP's Norfolk Southern bid,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Democrats from Pennsylvania’s congressional delegation sent a letter to a federal rail regulator on Monday raising concerns over the possible negative impacts of a merger between Canadian Pacific and Norfolk Southern Corp. The letter sent to the Surface Transportation Board raised concerns over the impact it could have on railroad jobs in Pennsylvania and said the merger could lead to “disinvestment” in rail infrastructure in the state.  Senator Bob Casey and five members of the U.S. House of Representatives, all Democrats, also wrote that they were deeply concerned about the voting trust structure Canadian Pacific has proposed in its bid for the No. 4 U.S. railroad. The Canadian company in mid-November disclosed its $28 billion offer to buy the Norfolk, Virginia-based railroad. Norfolk Southern has rejected Canadian Pacific’s advances, setting the stage for a possible proxy battle.  The Surface Transportation Board would have to review a merger of the two railroads, which would be a test case since the regulator rewrote the rules for approving takeovers in 2001. The review process would include public hearings where rail customers, labor groups and elected officials would be allowed to weigh in. In their letter, the Pennsylvania Democrats wrote that they believe the acquisition could hurt thousands of rail shippers, manufacturers and local communities, as well as rail workers, in the state, and urged a thorough review of any proposed merger.  Canadian Pacific has said that a takeover of Norfolk Southern would lead to $1.8 billion in annual savings. In early January, two senior Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives urged the board to reject any merger of Canadian Pacific and Norfolk Southern. A number of industry groups and rail customers, plus a couple of the unions representing workers at Norfolk Southern have also come out against any merger. Last week, the board posted letters from some rail customers who argue that, on the contrary, a merger of Canadian Pacific and Norfolk Southern would create a transcontinental railroad that would result in better service. ",1
11021,"Trump, Cruz tamp down expectations for uncertain Iowa vote","DES MOINES, Iowa/COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (Reuters) - Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz battled on Sunday to persuade their supporters to turn out and tried to lower expectations on how well they will do in the first U.S. presidential nominating contest in Iowa on Monday. Iowa will set the tone in the race for the Nov. 8 election, offering the first measure of the strength of outsider candidates like billionaire businessman Trump and democratic socialist Bernie Sanders against more traditional politicians like Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. The day before Iowa’s caucuses, Trump and Cruz, a senator from Texas and conservative Tea Party favorite, reflected anxiety about the unpredictability of the race in the Midwestern state as they and other candidates made their final pitches at rallies across Iowa. A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg News poll of Iowa voters released on Saturday showed Trump in the lead among Republicans with 28 percent, Cruz second at 23 percent and Rubio in third with 15 percent. In rallies in Council Bluffs and Sioux City, Trump displayed a more low-key style than his usual flame-throwing flourishes in an apparent bid to appeal to Iowa religious conservatives who have for the most part backed Cruz. Trump, sitting on stage, was asked friendly questions by religious leader Jerry Falwell Jr., who portrayed Trump as a family man and supporter of Christian charities who served cheeseburgers instead of caviar on his plane. In Council Bluffs earlier, Trump brought his wife and daughter on stage and implored Republicans to pick him, noting that Iowa’s 2008 winner, Mike Huckabee, and 2012 victor Rick Santorum both ultimately failed to win the Republican nomination. “You have a lousy record - 16 years you haven’t picked a winner. Please pick a winner this time,” he said.  In Iowa City, Cruz urged about 500 supporters crammed into a building at the county fairgrounds to turn out for the caucuses if they wanted to help him break the cycle of politics as usual in Washington. “Join us, commit tomorrow night to come out and caucus for us. Stand up and speak for us. If we stand together, we will win,” he said.  TOSS-UP? Among Democrats, Clinton, a former secretary of state, senator and first lady, clung to a narrow 45 percent to 42 percent lead over Sanders, putting the senator from Vermont in position for a potential upset win that would be a harsh blow to Clinton. In Marshalltown, Iowa, Sanders called the race basically a toss-up. “My prediction is that if tomorrow night there is a large voter turnout, we win,” Sanders said. “On the other hand, if there is a low voter turnout, we’ll probably lose.” Although Clinton spent much of her time at a rally in Council Bluffs contrasting her vision with those of the Republican candidates, she said that while she and Sanders shared the goal of achieving universal healthcare, he had a “different view” of how to accomplish it. Sanders backs a single-payer system paid for by higher taxes, while Clinton would build on President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. The Sanders and Clinton campaigns have been squabbling over adding more debates to the relatively skimpy schedule of six debates organized by the Democratic National Committee. MNSBC said on Sunday both candidates had agreed to join former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley at a previously announced debate in New Hampshire on Thursday. The central mystery about Trump’s campaign in Iowa has been whether the real estate mogul and former reality TV star can convert voter enthusiasm for his candidacy into actual turnout at the caucuses. Trump, who has never sat through a nerve-wracking night of vote counting, was not predicting victory in Iowa in interviews and stump speeches on Sunday. “No, I don’t have to win it,” he told CBS’ “Face the Nation” when asked whether he needed to win Iowa. “But I think it would be really good to win Iowa.” Cruz, who saw his lead in the state overtaken by Trump but may have a stronger turnout operation, also tried to lower expectations. “No, we don’t view any state as a must-win,” Cruz told CNN. “We are positioned to do very well.” Ten Republicans and three Democrats are campaigning in Iowa for their parties’ nominations, but much of the focus has been on the fight between Cruz and Trump and their uneasy relationship with the Republican establishment. Trump described Cruz as a “nasty guy” who had not scored key  endorsements in the Senate, and would have trouble leading change in Washington. “Nobody likes him,” Trump told ABC’s “This Week.”   Cruz attacked Trump on CNN’s “State of the Union,” calling Trump’s refusal to appear onstage at Thursday’s Republican debate in Des Moines “a real mistake,” and likening Trump’s views to those of Democratic President Barack Obama and Sanders.  (Addtional reporting by John Whitesides and Amanda Becker in Iowa and Andrea Shalal and Alana Wise in Washington; Writing by Steve Holland; Editing by Mary Milliken, Jonathan Oatis and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
