id,title,text,label
2004,Trump slaps sanctions on Venezuela; Maduro sees effort to force default,"CARACAS/WASHINGTON/ (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company on Friday in an effort to halt financing that the White House said fuels President Nicolas Maduro’s “dictatorship.” Maduro, who has frequently blamed the United States for waging an “economic war” on Venezuela, said the United States was seeking to force Venezuela to default — but he said it would not succeed. The order is Washington’s biggest sanctions blow to date against Maduro and is intended to punish his leftist government for what Trump has called an erosion of democracy in the oil-rich country, which is already reeling from an economic crisis. It suggests a weakening in already strained relations between the two countries. Just three days ago, Maduro said the relations between Caracas and Washington were at their lowest point ever. “All they’re trying to do to attack Venezuela is crazy,” said Maduro on a TV broadcast on Friday. “With the efforts of our people, it will fail and Venezuela will be stronger, more free, and more independent.” Venezuela faces a severe recession with millions suffering food and medicine shortages and soaring inflation. The South American nation relies on oil for some 95 percent of export revenue. Citgo Petroleum [PDVSAC.UL], the U.S. refiner of Venezuela’s ailing state-run oil company PDVSA, is “practically” being forced to close by the order, warned Maduro, adding that a preliminary analysis showed the sanctions would impede Venezuelan crude exports to the United States. He said he was calling “urgent” meetings with U.S. clients of Venezuelan oil. The new sanctions ban trade in any new issues of U.S.-dollar-denominated debt of the Venezuelan government and PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] because the ban applies to use of the U.S. financial system.  As a result, it will be it tricky for PDVSA to refinance its heavy debt burden. Investors had expected that PDVSA would seek to ease upcoming payments through such an operation, as it did last year, which usually requires that new bonds be issued. Additional financial pressure on PDVSA could push the cash-strapped company closer to a possible default, or bolster its reliance on key allies China and Russia, which have already lent Caracas billions of dollars.  “They want us to fall into default,” said Maduro, adding that just under two-thirds of Venezuelan bond holders are in the United States. Maduro insisted that Venezuela would continue paying its debts. The decision also blocks Citgo Petroleum from sending dividends back to the South American nation, a senior official said, in a further blow to PDVSA’s coffers. However, the order stops short of a major ban on crude trading that could have disrupted Venezuela’s oil industry and worsened the country’s faltering economy. It also protects holders of most existing Venezuelan government and PDVSA bonds, who were relieved the sanctions did not go further. Venezuelan and PDVSA bonds were trading broadly higher on Friday afternoon. “Maduro may no longer take advantage of the American financial system to facilitate the wholesale looting of the Venezuelan economy at the expense of the Venezuelan people,” U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday. Venezuela’s Oil Ministry and PDVSA did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  PDVSA, the financial engine of Maduro’s government, is already struggling due to low global oil prices, mismanagement, allegations of corruption and a brain drain. Washington last month sanctioned PDVSA’s finance vice president, Simon Zerpa, complicating some of the company’s operations as Americans are now banned from doing business with him. Trump has so far spared Venezuela from broader sanctions against its vital oil industry, but officials have said such actions are under consideration. The Republican president has also warned of a “military option” for Venezuela, although White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Friday that no such actions are anticipated in the “near future.” Venezuela has for months struggled to find financing because of PDVSA’s cash flow problems and corruption scandals have led institutions to tread cautiously, regardless of sanctions. Russia and its state oil company Rosneft have emerged as an increasingly important source of financing for PDVSA, according to a Reuters report.   On at least two occasions, the Venezuelan government has used Russian cash to avoid imminent defaults on payments to bondholders, a high-level PDVSA official told Reuters. “At this point our view is that the country can scrape by without defaulting this year, largely with the help of Chinese and Russian backing and by further squeezing imports. Next year is a tossup,” said Raul Gallegos, an analyst with the consultancy Control Risks. However, China has grown reticent to extend further loans because of payment delays and corruption. Russia has been negotiating financing in exchange for oil assets in Venezuela, sources have told Reuters, but going forward it would be difficult for the OPEC member to provide enough assets to keep up loans destined for bond payments. Venezuela’s government has around $2 billion in available cash to make $1.3 billion in bond payments by the end of the year and to cover the import of food and medicine, according to documents reviewed by Reuters. ",1
2005,"Holding keys to debt limit, Democrats weigh tax demands","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrats in the U.S. Congress wield little clout nowadays, but they will likely have plenty of influence on the looming issue of the U.S. debt ceiling and party leaders are considering whether they should try to convert that advantage into bargaining power on tax reform. Even though they control the White House and both chambers of Congress, Republicans are again divided among themselves as pressing fiscal issues rattle financial markets and test President Donald Trump’s ability to keep the country’s accounts in order. The debt ceiling is a legal cap on how much money the federal government can borrow to fund its budget deficits and meet debt obligations. Failure to meet payments could lead to a default and a downgrade in America’s credit rating, with the potential to trigger global financial shockwaves. Speaking to reporters at the White House on Friday, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he was “100 percent confident” that the debt ceiling would be raised in September. “There is no scenario where the government won’t be paying its bills,” Mnuchin said. Action is needed to raise the debt ceiling by Sept. 29, the administration has warned, although some fiscal experts say the deadline may actually be mid-October. The Trump administration wants Congress to pass a “clean” increase, without extraneous political measures attached. But, reflecting long divisions in the party over fiscal policy, many conservative Republicans have said they will not  vote for a debt-limit bill that does not also contain promises of federal spending cuts. So, analysts say, Trump and Republican leaders will need the votes of Democrats, who generally favor a clean bill, to raise the debt limit and avoid a default. Armed with this edge, Democrats are considering using the debt debate to press Republicans for bipartisan tax reform, said Democratic Senate aides, which would inject new uncertainty into the debt limit issue. Overhauling the tax code is a top priority for Trump and his fellow Republicans, but they have made little progress since the president took office in January. Their behind-closed-doors planning process so far on tax reform has ignored the Democrats. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi are skeptical about supporting a debt ceiling increase while Republicans pursue tax cuts that Democrats say would cause the federal deficit to balloon. “We’re telling Republicans that if it is their intention to use that debt limit increase to allow for tax cuts for the wealthy, that they are going to have a harder time getting Democratic votes,” said a Senate Democratic aide. Senate Democrats offered earlier this month to move forward with bipartisan legislation on taxes, on condition that changes do not add to the deficit or benefit the wealthy. For now, Senate and House Democrats are watching  Republicans and the Trump administration wrangle over the debt ceiling, with no clear plan yet in sight. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have not said if they want a clean bill. Ryan said on Thursday that Congress will pass legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling, noting that lawmakers have several options. McConnell has said the debt ceiling will be raised, a spokesman said on Thursday. Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill said in an email: “Leader Pelosi has expressed support for a clean debt ceiling hike, but has also echoed the concerns that many House Democrats have about supporting such a move while Republicans simultaneously blow a multi-trillion dollar hole in the deficit with tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires.” Given the stakes, Schumer and Pelosi would face a daunting task in holding their parties’ lawmakers together if they want to squeeze concessions out of Republicans with the country on the brink of a potential default. Some Democrats are skeptical such a strategy could work. “We ought to get the debt ceiling done. It’s a bad precedent to try to use the debt ceiling for leverage for other political objectives,” said Representative John Yarmuth, the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee. Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell expressed concern on Friday about the possibility of the debt ceiling not being raised.  “If the debt ceiling were not to be raised, the United States would not be able to pay all of its bills. That’s never happened before; it would be unprecedented and that could be a major shock to the economy,” Powell said in an interview with CNBC during a conference in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Democrats have been talking about using the debt ceiling as a lever against Republican tax reform since June and laid out their conditions for working together on tax legislation in an Aug. 1 letter to Trump and Republican leaders. McConnell flatly rejected the idea of broad bipartisanship. But it could be the only way forward on taxes if Republicans cannot agree on a budget resolution for fiscal 2018. That is needed to unlock a legislative provision that would allow them to pass a tax bill in the Senate, where Republicans have only a slim majority, without Democratic support.     ",1
2006,U.S. opposes changing NJ Senator Menendez's corruption trial schedule,"(Reuters) - Federal prosecutors on Friday opposed a last-ditch effort by New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez to allow periodic delays in his federal corruption trial in Newark, New Jersey, next month so that he can travel to Washington to cast critical Senate votes. U.S. District Judge William Walls on Tuesday had rejected Menendez’s request, saying the Democrat was free to “absent himself” from testimony but did not deserve special treatment, being “no worse and no better than any other defendant.” In a filing on Thursday, Menendez said his “constitutional obligations” to his constituents justified altering the trial schedule so he could vote on raising the debt ceiling to avoid a government shutdown, rewriting the tax code and renewing the soon-to-expire National Flood Insurance Program. Republicans have a narrow Senate majority, and Menendez said July’s failed effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act showed his absence from any vote could be “potentially determinative.” The trial is scheduled to begin on Sept. 6. Prosecutors on Friday said the scheduling conflicts resulted from Menendez’s lengthy, failed pursuit of a meritless argument that the Constitution immunized him from prosecution. “No defendant should receive special treatment based on power or privilege,” prosecutors said. “This court should reject defendant Menendez’s effort to let politics in Washington dictate the trial schedule in Newark.” Menendez later countered that U.S. Supreme Court precedents and “common sense” justified an accommodation. It is unclear when the judge will rule on Menendez’s request. The senator was charged with accepting campaign donations and gifts, including a stay at a Caribbean villa and private jet flights, from co-defendant Salomon Melgen in exchange for lobbying on the Florida eye doctor’s behalf. Both men have pleaded not guilty to fraud and bribery. Jury selection was completed on Wednesday. If Menendez were found guilty and removed from the Senate before New Jersey Governor Chris Christie completes his term on Jan. 16, 2018, then Christie, a Republican, could name a replacement. Christie’s successor could fill any subsequent vacancy. The case is U.S. v. Menendez et al, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 15-cr-00155.  ",1
2007,Trump signs memo directing Pentagon to implement transgender ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump signed a memorandum on Friday that directs the U.S. military not to accept transgender men and women as recruits and halts the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgeries for active personnel unless the process is already underway. The memo, released by the White House, laid out in more detail a ban on transgender individuals serving in the U.S. armed forces that Trump announced via Twitter last month, reversing a policy shift started under his predecessor, President Barack Obama. In it, Trump directed the Department of Defense and Department of Homeland Security to stop using government funds for sex-reassignment procedures unless it is necessary “to protect the health of an individual who has already begun a course of treatment to reassign his or her sex,” the memo said. The order requires Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis to determine in the coming months how to handle transgender individuals currently serving in the military using criteria including “military effectiveness and lethality,” budget constraints and law. A White House official who briefed reporters about the memo declined to specify whether transgender service men and women who are currently active in the military could continue to serve based on such criteria. The official said Trump decided the Obama administration had not identified a sufficient basis for changing what was then long-standing policy on transgender troops. The memo called on Mattis to submit a plan to Trump by February 21, 2018, on how to implement the changes. Trump’s decision appealed to some in his conservative political base while creating uncertainty for thousands of transgender service members, many of whom came out after the Pentagon said in 2016 it would allow transgender people to serve openly. The change drew swift criticism from advocates of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights. “The President’s order to remove transgender service members from the United States armed forces and deny them healthcare is nothing less than a purge,” Matt Thorn, executive director of OutServe-SLDN, a group dedicated to LGBT equality in the military, said in a statement. “Our military is strongest when all people who are fit to serve have the opportunity to do so. This unprecedented policy amounts to a purge of qualified, contributing troops, and will serve only to undermine unit cohesion and weaken military readiness,” said Jennifer Levi, an official at the gay rights group GLAD (GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders) in a statement. Asked how the policy squared with Trump’s pledge to stand up for gay rights, the White House official said the president would ensure that such rights were protected but had been critical previously of the transgender changes under the Obama administration. ",1
2008,Venezuela says U.S. sanctions designed to push Venezuela to default,CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Friday his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump’s executive order prohibiting dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company PDVSA was designed to push the crisis-hit country into default and essentially forces the closure of its U.S. refining unit Citgo.    Maduro added in a TV address from the presidential palace that a preliminary analysis showed the sanctions would impede Venezuela’s crude exports to the United States. ,1
2009,Mueller seeking testimony from PR executives with Manafort ties: NBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special Counsel Robert Mueller has issued grand jury subpoenas seeking testimony from public relations executives who worked on an international campaign organized by former Trump campaign adviser Paul Manafort, NBC News reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the matter. This is the first indication that Mueller, who is investigating possible collusion between President Donald Trump’s campaign team and Russia, is beginning to compel witness testimony before the grand jury, NBC said. Russia’s government has denied interfering in the election and the president has denied collusion took place. One executive whose firm received a subpoena told NBC Mueller’s team is looking at the lobbying campaign, which ran from 2012 to 2014. Some of the firms involved in the campaign received subpoenas for documents weeks ago, and Mueller’s team is now seeking testimony, NBC quoted him as saying. Manafort, whose Virginia apartment was raided by FBI agents last month, is a key figure in the Mueller probe. The longtime political consultant and lobbyist is being investigated for possible money laundering and has been targeted as someone who might testify against former colleagues, two people familiar with Mueller’s work have said. ",1
2010,Robert Mueller examining Flynn's role in seeking Clinton emails from hackers: WSJ,"(Reuters) - Special Counsel Robert Mueller is examining what role, if any former national security adviser Mike Flynn may have had in an effort to obtain Hillary Clinton’s emails from Russian hackers, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.  Efforts to seek out the hackers who stole emails of former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was led by Republican activist Peter Smith, the Journal said.  Mueller was appointed special counsel to determine whether there was collusion between President Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Moscow. Flynn resigned in February after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. Representatives from the White House and Mueller’s office could not immediately be reached for comment.  ",1
2011,Trump says criticism of him by Republican Senator Corker 'strange',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump took Republican Senator Bob Corker to task on Twitter on Friday, apparently responding to the Foreign Relations Committee chair’s comment that Trump did not understand the nation’s character and had not demonstrated competence. “Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in ‘18. Tennessee not happy!” Trump wrote of the Tennessee senator. Responding to Trump’s comments about violence at a neo-Nazi and white supremacist protest earlier this month, Corker recently said, “The president has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability, nor some of the competence, that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful.” ",1
2012,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 25) - Republicans, John Kelly, Hurricane Harvey","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - If Senate Republicans don’t get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! [0633 EDT] - General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don’t believe the Fake News. [0640 EDT] - Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC! [0644 EDT] - Nick Adams, “Retaking America”  “Best things of this presidency aren’t reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever.” [0732 EDT] - Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in ‘18. Tennessee not happy! [0825 EDT] - I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments & here to assist as needed. [1146 EDT] - Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. [1202 EDT] - I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials. [1518 EDT] - Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! [1703 EDT] - Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds! [1712  EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2013,Treasury chief says 'debt ceiling will be raised',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday the nation’s debt ceiling will be raised in September and that after talks with congressional leaders from both parties everyone is “on the same page.” “My strong preference is that we have a clean debt ceiling (increase), but the most important issue is the debt ceiling will be raised in September,” Mnuchin told reporters at the White House, indicating an interest in legislation that did not stray into unrelated territory. “I have had discussions with the leaders in both parties in the House and Senate and we are all on the same page,” he added. “The government intends to pay its debts and the debt ceiling will be raised.” ",1
2014,"Factbox: What are the U.S. budget, debt limit issues spooking markets?","(Reuters) - Financial markets are fretting about the fiscal situation in Washington, with deadlines looming in late September and early October on the U.S. budget and the federal debt ceiling. Republican President Donald Trump stoked anxieties by threatening on Aug. 22 to shut down the government if Congress does not fund his U.S.-Mexico border wall. Here is what you need to know about the budget and the debt ceiling, separate issues but ones that are politically connected: Congress is supposed to pass annual spending bills around the end of the federal fiscal year on Sept. 30 to fund most of the U.S. government, but disagreements often prevent this. When that happens, lawmakers usually pass a temporary bill extending current spending levels with no changes for days, weeks or months, while they work on a long-term agreement. When even a short-term budget patch cannot be agreed in Congress, or if the president decides to veto either a long-term or short-term budget measure, the government shuts down.  This year, when Congress returns on Sept. 5 from its long summer recess, lawmakers will have only about 12 working days to pass a budget measure, probably a short-term patch, known as a continuing resolution, to keep the government open. If a budget measure is not passed before Oct. 1, or if Trump vetoes a budget deal over his Mexican border wall demand, portions of the government will begin to shut down and non-essential employees will go without pay until an agreement is reached. The last time the government shut down, in October 2013 for about two weeks, was because of a dispute over funding for former Democratic President Barack Obama’s healthcare law. There were three shutdowns in the 1990s, the longest lasting 21 days. In the 1970s and 1980s there were 14 shutdowns, most brief and some only partial. Shutdowns hurt federal workers, rattle financial markets and shake confidence in the U.S. government abroad, but to date they have done little lasting economic damage, according to analysts. The “debt ceiling” is a legal cap on how much money the U.S. government can borrow through bonds and other debt issued by the U.S. Treasury. It now stands at about $19.8 trillion, very close to the actual national debt.  Since March, the Treasury has been using financial “extraordinary measures” to stave off hitting the ceiling. Once the ceiling is hit, Congress must raise it. If it does not, the government cannot keep borrowing. This matters because the government spends more than it collects in taxes. That accounts for the federal budget deficit. So Washington continually borrows money to cover its bills. The Treasury has said that Congress must increase the debt ceiling by Sept. 29. However, default likely could be staved off a few more weeks by extraordinary measures, analysts said.  In any case, legislation to raise the debt limit will need to be adopted, at the very latest, by mid-October, they said. If the debt ceiling is not raised and the government can no longer pay its bills, default results, along with a likely downgrade in the U.S. credit rating. Political gridlock has never led to the United States’ reaching its debt ceiling and its bills going unpaid, but there have been some close calls. A standoff in August 2011 cost the country its top-notch bond rating from the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor’s and caused the most jarring two weeks in financial markets since the 2007-2009 global financial crisis. The two move on separate tracks, but are likely to get tangled, with Republican opponents of increasing the debt ceiling probably demanding federal spending cuts. Some analysts said Congress may try to tackle both issues at the same time, perhaps in a single piece of legislation. Both the spending and debt ceiling bills can pass the Republican-led House of Representatives by a simple majority vote. But in the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 of 100 seats, 60 votes are needed to pass, meaning the bills will need some Democratic support.  Trump made his U.S.-Mexico border wall a central promise of his 2016 presidential campaign. He also promised that Mexico would pay for it, but Mexico has steadfastly refused to do so and Trump has largely stopped talking about that pledge. Conservative House Republicans agree with the president on the need for a wall and say border-wall funding should be a priority in any spending legislation. Some have already indicated they are willing to shut down the government to get it. Moderate Republicans have called a shutdown unwise, and Republican leaders are determined to prevent one, fearing it would worsen doubts about the party’s ability to govern. Democrats are uniformly opposed to Trump’s wall and say any blame for a shutdown would rest solely with Republicans. The Trump administration reversed course earlier this month and said it would back a “clean” raising of the debt ceiling, meaning it would not be tied to other policy measures. Democrats and moderate Republicans also support a clean debt-ceiling increase. But conservative Republicans, especially in the House, often use debt-ceiling legislation to insist on changes to spending, making them opposed to a clean bill. ",1
2015,U.S. state election officials still in the dark on Russian hacking,"ANAHEIM, Calif. (Reuters) - The federal government has not notified U.S. state election officials if their voting systems were targeted by suspected Russian hackers during the 2016 presidential campaign, and the information will likely never be made public, a top state election chief told Reuters. “You’re absolutely never going to learn it, because we don’t even know it,” Judd Choate, state election director for Colorado and president of the National Association of State Election Directors, said in an interview on Thursday during the group’s summer conference. Nearly 10 months after Republican Donald Trump’s upset presidential victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton, Choate said he had not spoken to a single state election director who had been told by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security if their state was among those attacked. The lack of information-sharing on the election breaches reflects the difficulty state and federal officials have had in working together to protect U.S. voting from cyber threats. All U.S. elections are run by state and local governments, which have varying degrees of technical competence. DHS told Congress in June that 21 states were targeted during the 2016 presidential race, and that while a small number were breached, there was no evidence any votes were manipulated.  Other reports have said 39 states were targeted. Choate said he had heard both numbers mentioned. Several lawmakers, including Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, have expressed frustration at DHS’ refusal to identify which states had been targeted. Arizona and Illinois confirmed last year that hackers had targeted their voter registration systems. In a statement, the DHS did not refute that states had not been notified if they were targeted, adding the agency informed the owners or operators of systems potentially victimized “who may not necessarily” be state election officials.  DHS was working with senior state election officials “to determine how best to share this information while protecting the integrity of investigations and the confidentiality of system owners,” the agency said. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that the Kremlin orchestrated an operation that included hacking and online propaganda intended to tilt the November election in Trump’s favor. Several congressional committees are investigating and Special Counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter, including whether Moscow colluded with the Trump campaign. Russia has denied election meddling and Trump has denied any collusion. The four-day conference of election directors was originally supposed to be about issues like voter registration, but took a sharp turn following the election hacking. “After the 2000 election, we all had to be lawyers,” Choate said. “And now after the 2016 election, we all have to be cyber security experts.” DHS representatives at the event fended off questions about whether the federal government would be prepared to mobilize sufficient support for the states in the event of a catastrophic cyber attack near or during the 2018 elections.  “We want to make sure we learn from the missteps that may have happened in 2016 and we want to make sure we continue building on the things we did that were right,” Robert Gatlin, a DHS cyber official, said during a panel discussion. Gatlin said the agency was working with U.S. intelligence agencies to “downgrade” more classified information so it could be shared with the states. Information about cyber attacks is typically guarded by a high classification because it may involve nation-state involvement or contain sensitive sources and methods, he said. Legislation recently approved by the Senate Intelligence Committee would require the director of national intelligence to sponsor top-secret security clearance for eligible election officials in each state, something the National Association of Secretaries of State has advocated. The bill would also require DHS to submit a report to Congress detailing cyber attacks and attempted cyber attacks by foreign governments on U.S. election infrastructure during the 2016 election. Choate said communication about cyber threats had improved with federal agencies since the election and the decision by the outgoing Obama administration in January to elevate voting systems to a “critical infrastructure designation.”  Prior to the election, some state officials worried that closer oversight of election systems represented a dangerous federal intrusion into local affairs.     ",1
2016,New sanctions aim to restrict Venezuela access to U.S. debt market,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that new sanctions imposed against Venezuela were aimed at hobbling the regime of President Nicolas Maduro by restricting the country’s access to U.S. debt and equity markets. “We urge those within the regime, including those who have been sanctioned, to distance themselves from the violence and the dictatorship,” Mnuchin told reporters at the White House. He said the sanctions were not aimed at “changing leadership” in Venezuela.  White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said at the same news conference that United States had no plans to take military action in Venezuela, but that President Donald Trump intended to take advantage of “a broad range of ... integrated options” in the future. ",1
2017,U.S. trying to promote crisis in Venezuela: foreign minister,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States is trying to promote a humanitarian crisis in Venezuela by imposing new sanctions, Foreign Affairs Minister Jorge Arreaza said on Friday after the sanctions were announced by the White House. Speaking at the U.N. headquarters in New York, Arreaza said “threats” and “supposed sanctions” from the United States are “uncivilized politics.” He said Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro will not attend the annual gathering of world leaders at the U.N., scheduled for next month. ",1
2018,"Republican Kasich, Democrat Hickenlooper mull joint White House run: media","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ohio’s Republican governor, John Kasich, and Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper, a Democrat, have discussed the idea of a joint run for the White House in 2020, Axios and CNN reported on Friday. Citing an unidentified source, CNN said the discussions were not at an organizational level for a bid, which would challenge Republican President Donald Trump’s expected re-election campaign and complicate Democratic efforts to regain the White House. “What they are trying to show the country is that honorable people can disagree, but you can still problem solve together,” it quoted the source as saying. Kasich, who was among more than a dozen Republican candidates to be defeated by Trump in last year’s presidential primary campaign, would top the ticket, according to CNN and Axios online news outlet. Kasich adviser John Weaver told Reuters the two governors “have an outstanding working relationship” and had “done a great job” showing how two people from different parties can work together. “That model can work on other issues,” said Weaver, who did not say the reports were inaccurate. Trump, a real estate developer and former reality television star who has an approval rating below 40 percent after seven months in office, has held a series of re-election campaign events. Earlier this month Vice President Mike Pence denied a New York Times report that he is preparing for a 2020 presidential run, saying the suggestion was “disgraceful and offensive.” A spokeswoman for Hickenlooper did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Hickenlooper and Kasich are working on a proposal to stabilize the health insurance markets, and Axios said they plan to extend their joint platform to include immigration and job creation. Kasich, whose state opted to expand Medicaid under Obamacare, has criticized some of the so-far unsuccessful Republican efforts to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act,  passed under Democratic President Barack Obama. He said in an interview with National Public Radio aired this week that the possibility of national single-payer health coverage is not part of his discussions with Hickenlooper. Their jobs plan “will focus on the coming displacement from automation, with prescriptions that include trade, workforce training — and an optimistic and hopeful message, balanced with an honest admission that some jobs just aren’t coming back,” Axios said. ",1
2019,U.S. will not tolerate Venezuelan 'dictatorship': Haley,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Friday that U.S. sanctions against Venezuela were a strong message to President Nicolas Maduro that the United States would not tolerate a “dictatorship” in that country.  Haley, speaking at United Nations headquarters in New York, said she had not been asked to meet at the UN with visiting Venezuelan foreign minister Jorge Arreaza. ",1
2020,"Trump adviser Cohn wrote resignation letter, decided to stay: NYT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Gary Cohn, President Donald Trump’s top economic adviser, drafted a letter of resignation over the administration’s weak response to recent clashes between neo-Nazis and anti-racism protesters, but decided to stay on the job, the New York Times reported on Friday. Cohn spoke publicly about the controversy for the first time in an interview with the Financial Times newspaper, saying the administration needed to clearly reject hate groups. He said  there was no equivalence between white supremacists or neo-Nazis and those who protest inequality. “I believe this administration can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning these groups and do everything we can to heal the deep divisions that exist in our communities,” the former Goldman Sachs president told the newspaper. “Citizens standing up for equality and freedom can never be equated with white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK,” he added. Cohn’s criticism came nearly two weeks after white supremacist and neo-Nazi activists clashed with anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over a plan to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee, a Confederate general in the U.S. Civil War. A man thought to have neo-Nazi sympathies drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters, killing one woman and injuring more than a dozen others. Following the clashes, Trump said there had been violence on “both sides,” remarks that spurred condemnation by both Republican and Democratic politicians.  Cohn stood nearby during an impromptu Trump Tower news conference as the president insisted there were “very fine people on both sides” in Charlottesville. Cohn considered resigning over Trump’s response, both newspapers reported, citing sources.  Cohn went so far as to draft a resignation letter, the New York Times reported, citing two people familiar with the document. Cohn said he felt “compelled to voice my distress over the events of the last two weeks” and came under intense pressure to quit over Trump’s reaction to the incident but decided against it. “As a Jewish American, I will not allow neo-Nazis ranting ‘Jews will not replace us’ to cause this Jew to leave his job,” he said, referring to chants by neo-Nazis in Charlottesville. “I feel deep empathy for all who have been targeted by these hate groups. We must all unite together against them.” ",1
2021,"Trump to begin tax reform push next week, White House adviser tells FT","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will begin a major push next week to convince the public of the need for tax reform, shifting his focus to fiscal policy in an effort to win a big legislative victory by the end of the year, The Financial Times reported on Friday. Trump would begin the effort next Wednesday with a speech in Missouri, the first in a series of addresses to generate public support on the issue, Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, told the newspaper.  “We are completely engaged in tax reform,” Cohn told the FT in an interview. “Starting next week the president’s agenda and calendar is going to revolve around tax reform. He will start being on the road making major addresses justifying the reasoning for tax reform.” Although Cohn stressed that tax reform would be front and center of Trump’s agenda, the Republican-controlled Congress faces two other pressing issues when it returns from its August recess on Sept. 5.  Lawmakers need to approve an increase in the U.S. debt ceiling to allow the federal government to keep borrowing money and paying its bills, including its debt obliterations. Separately they need to pass at least stop-gap spending measures to keep the government operating. Deadlines on both issues will loom within weeks after lawmakers return from their break. Asked by the FT whether the debate over the debt ceiling could derail the tax reform drive, Cohn said that “at the end of the day, Congress has to increase the debt ceiling - that is just the reality.” He added that this would be in September, before tax reform legislation. “The key point is this: tax reform is the White House’s number one focus right now,” he added. Cohn said White House officials had been working with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan and other leading congressional Republicans on “an outline and skeleton” for the tax reform proposal, “and we have a good skeleton that we have agreed to.” The details Cohn discussed were similar to those mentioned by Ryan at a meeting with Boeing employees on Thursday. Asked whether the focus on tax reform had been complicated by Twitter attacks by the Republican president on McConnell and Ryan, Cohn said the White House officials worked well with the two “and we have made a massive amount of progress” on taxes. Cohn said the House Ways and Means Committee would put more “flesh and bone” on the tax reform plan when lawmakers return from the recess. He said he believed a bill could pass tax committees in both chambers and be passed by both the House and Senate by the end of 2017. In the case of individual taxpayers, Cohn said the president’s reform plan would protect the three big deductions that people can claim on taxes: for home mortgages, charitable giving and retirement savings. Beyond that, it would increase the caps for the standard deduction while eliminating most other personal deductions, Cohn said. The plan also aims to get rid of taxes on estates left when people die. Cohn said for businesses, the administration is proposing to lower corporate tax rates, while eliminating many of the deductions that businesses use to reduce the amount of tax they must pay. Asked whether the corporate tax rate could be cut to 15 percent as previously suggested by Trump, Cohn said, “I would like to get the tax rate as low as possible so that businesses want to create jobs here.” He said the administration would propose going to a system where American companies would not have to pay additional tax when they bring profits earned overseas back to the United States. “Today, they often have to pay extra taxes for bringing profits back to the U.S.,” Cohn said. “Our current system basically creates a penalty for headquartering in the U.S.” He said the administration did envision a one-time low tax rate on all overseas profits. ",1
2022,California lawmakers consider spending billions to fix housing,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Affordable housing advocates are closely watching a package of bills currently under consideration by California lawmakers that would invest billions of dollars in helping to alleviate the state’s severe housing crisis. For years, California residents have struggled to afford surging real estate and rental prices in many of the country’s most expensive housing markets. Nearly one-third of California renters pay more than 50 percent of their income toward rent. If passed, the bills would create a permanent $300 million-a-year fund for affordable housing, streamline the approval process for housing construction in cities and authorize a $3 billion bond for the 2018 ballot, the first housing bond in California for over a decade. The state’s Senate has approved the package, but the Assembly, which is expected to vote next week, has shown more reticence over costs. Lawmakers worked closely with Democratic Governor Jerry Brown, who in July announced his support for a general obligation bond, a permanent funding source for affordable housing and regulatory reform.  “This comprehensive approach does what’s long been needed in California,” Brown said in July. “Astronomical housing costs are straining family budgets and stressing employees who can’t afford to live where they work. That’s unacceptable.” On Thursday, California Treasurer John Chiang urged state lawmakers to quickly pass the package as well as to increase the general obligation bond to between $6 billion and $9 billion to kick-start construction. “We have the opportunity now to move decisively to ease a 1.5 million-unit shortfall in affordable housing. But we must think big and act boldly,” Chiang in a statement. Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon have also expressed support for a housing deal. Homeownership rates in California are at their lowest since the 1940s and the lack of supply is seen as a major contributor to the problem. Production of new homes across the state averaged less than 80,000 annually over the last decade, far below the projected need of 180,000 additional homes annually, according to the California Department of Housing and Community Development. ",1
2023,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 24) - Debt ceiling, fake news, Mitch McConnell, hurricane Harvey","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They... [0819   EDT] - ...didn’t do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess! [0825  EDT] - The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally..... [0907 EDT] - ..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones! [0915 EDT] - James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? [0915 EDT] - The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened! [0942 EDT] - On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men & women of @ICEgov & @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect & cherish you! [1313 EDT] - As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead.  ☑️(link: www.hurricanes.gov) hurricanes.gov ☑️(link: www.ready.gov) ready.gov  ☑️(link: www.fema.gov) fema.gov [1531 EDT] - A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! [2021 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2024,Trump blames fellow Republican leaders for debt ceiling 'mess',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump picked a new fight on Thursday with his fellow Republicans, saying congressional leaders could have avoided a “mess” over raising the U.S. debt ceiling if they had taken his advice. In the latest in a stream of criticisms that could undermine his aims to cut taxes, pass a budget and rebuild infrastructure, Trump sought to blame party leaders if Congress fails to agree to raise the cap on how much the federal government may borrow. The Treasury Department has said the ceiling must be raised by Sept. 29. If not, the government would be unable to borrow more money or pay its bills, including its debt payments. That could hurt the United States’ credit rating, cause financial turmoil, harm the U.S. economy and possibly trigger a recession. Trump said he had advised Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan to link passage of legislation raising the debt ceiling to a bill on veterans affairs that he signed into law on Aug. 12.  “They ... didn’t do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!” Trump said in Twitter posts. Recent media reports suggest that Trump’s relationship with McConnell has deteriorated amid repeated attacks by Trump on the Republican Senate majority leader for, among other things, failing to get a healthcare bill passed. The New York Times reported on Tuesday that McConnell and Trump were locked in a political “cold war,” especially after an Aug. 9 phone call that it said devolved into a shouting match. On the 9th and the 10th Trump assailed McConnell via Twitter, angered by a speech in which McConnell said Trump had “excessive expectations” of Congress. Trump’s salvo ran counter to efforts this week by the White House and McConnell’s office to play down reports of discord. A spokesman for McConnell noted the Senate majority leader had said earlier this week, in an appearance with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, that the debt ceiling would be raised.  McConnell was “unequivocal” about it, said spokesman Don Stewart. He said McConnell mentioned it again on Wednesday in a statement the Senate leader issued about his “shared goals” with Trump. Ryan, speaking at a town hall meeting on tax reform at a Boeing plant in Washington state, also said Congress would pass legislation to raise the ceiling in time to ensure debt payment. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders denied there was any need to repair ties between Trump and top Republican lawmakers. “I think the relationships are fine,” she told reporters. “Certainly there are going to be some policy differences, but there are also a lot of shared goals and that’s what we’re focused on.” Raising the debt ceiling is one of the must-pass measures Congress will take up when it returns on Sept. 5. Congress will have about 12 working days from its return to approve spending measures to keep the government open. While the budget and debt cap are separate, they are likely to become entangled, with Republican opponents of a debt ceiling increase expected to demand federal spending cuts. Trump threatened on Tuesday to shut down the government if Congress failed to secure funding for his long-promised wall along the U.S.-Mexican border. His threat added a new wrinkle to the Republicans’ months-long struggle to reach a budget deal, rattling markets and drawing rebukes from some Republicans. Democrats, solidly opposed to funding the wall, have slammed Trump over his comments. Both the spending and debt ceiling bills could pass the Republican-led House by a simple majority vote, but will need 60 votes to pass the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 of 100 seats, meaning they will need some Democratic support. A respected think tank said in a report on Thursday the  government might not have enough money to pay all its bills on Oct. 2 if Washington does not raise the debt cap. The Treasury  might not have enough money on that day to make a roughly $80 billion payment that will be due to a military retirement fund, according to the Bipartisan Policy Center. Moody’s Investors Service said it would consider stripping the United States of its top-notch rating in the event of a default but not over late or skipped payments on non-debt obligations if the government ran short of funds. The warning about a possible U.S. downgrade seemed less dire and narrower in scope than one issued on Wednesday by Fitch Ratings. Trump has often expressed frustration that Congress has not passed significant legislation since he took office in January, particularly its failure to pass a bill to replace Democratic former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law - something that Trump had promised to accomplish. “The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed! That should NEVER have happened!” Trump said in a tweet on Thursday, echoing criticisms he made earlier this month. McConnell offered muted criticism of Trump on Thursday, saying he was “a little concerned about some of the trade rhetoric” by the president, who has repeatedly condemned trade deals he believes are bad for the United States, and by others. “Trade is a winner for America,” McConnell told Kentucky farmers and lawmakers. “The assumption that every free-trade agreement is a loser for America is largely untrue.” ",1
2025,U.S. agency to recommend scaling back some national monuments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said on Thursday he has sent recommendations from his review of more than two dozen national monuments to President Donald Trump, indicating that some could be scaled back to allow for more hunting and fishing and economic development. The recommendations follow a 120-day study of 27 national monuments across the country, created by presidents since 1996, that Trump ordered in April as part of his broader effort to increase development on federal lands. The review has cheered energy, mining, ranching and timber advocates but has drawn widespread criticism and threats of lawsuits from conservation groups and the outdoor recreation industry. There were fears that Zinke would recommend the outright elimination of some of the monuments on the list, but on Thursday, speaking to the Associated Press in Billings, Montana, he said he will not recommend eliminating any. Zinke said in a statement that the recommendations would “provide a much needed change for the local communities who border and rely on these lands for hunting and fishing, economic development, traditional uses, and recreation.” He did not specify which monuments he plans to recommend be scaled back. The Associated Press reported that Zinke said he would recommend changing the boundaries for a “handful” of sites. Zinke has already announced a recommendation to shrink the size of one site under review, the 1.35 million-acre Bears Ears National Monument in Utah created by former President Barack Obama late last year. In the last few weeks, Zinke has said that six monuments, including the Upper Missouri River Breaks in his home state of Montana, would be left intact. “The report is a draft, so we are continuing to work with Interior on getting the best information on which to base recommendations” for Trump, a White House official said. “Once we have a final report, in the coming weeks, we will make it public.”  Timing for the public release of the recommendations has not been set. Trump has argued that previous administrations abused their right to create monuments under the Antiquities Act of 1906 by putting huge areas, mainly in Western states, off limits to drilling, mining, logging, ranching and other activities without adequate input from locals.  The law enables a president to declare certain areas of historic or scientific interest a national monument if “confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected.”  (Graphic on review of monuments:  tmsnrt.rs/2itKQFD) A designation as a national monument is permanent, and prohibits mining and sets stringent protections for ecosystems on the site. The designation offers more permanent protection than other federal designations like national wilderness or conservation areas. No president has ever revoked a previous designation but a few have reduced the size of some monuments. Conservation groups and the growing outdoor retail industry launched public campaigns over the last few weeks to urge Zinke to leave the monuments intact, and they vowed to challenge him in court.  “Any recommendation from Secretary Zinke to shrink national monuments is hypocritical at best and ruinous at worst,” said Michael Brune, director of the Sierra Club. One Republican congressman from Utah, Rob Bishop, chairman of the House of Representatives Natural Resources Committee, said he had not yet seen the full report but was briefed on some aspects of it by Zinke. He said his committee would eventually take up legislation to carry out some of Zinke’s recommendations and may attempt to reform the Antiquities Act. “If we don’t do reform of the Antiquities Act, we will have failures in the future,” he said. ",1
2026,"Trump calls Egypt's Sisi, says keen to overcome obstacles","CAIRO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Thursday and said he was keen to overcome any obstacles in the way of cooperation, just days after the U.S. said it would withhold some financial aid to Egypt. “President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi received a phone call tonight from U.S. President Donald Trump who affirmed the strength of the friendship between Egypt and the United States and expressed his keenness on continuing to develop the relationship and overcome any obstacles that might affect it,” Sisi’s office said in a statement late on Thursday. On Tuesday, two U.S. sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that Washington had decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay a further $195 million because it had failed to make progress on respecting human rights and democracy. Egypt, an important regional partner for the United States because of its control of the Suez Canal and its border with Israel, receives $1.3 billion in aid annually and was critical of the U.S. decision. Its foreign ministry said on Wednesday that the decision to withhold aid reflected “poor judgment” and that it could have “negative implications” on achieving common goals and interests between the two countries. The decision reflects a U.S. desire to continue security cooperation as well as its frustration with Cairo’s stance on civil liberties. In particular, a new law regulating non-governmental organizations is widely seen as part a growing crackdown on dissent, said the U.S. sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Egyptian rights activists have said they face the worst crackdown in their history under Sisi, accusing him of erasing freedoms won in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak’s 30-year rule. Egyptian lawmakers have said the NGO law was needed for national security. The Egyptian government has long accused human rights groups of taking foreign funds to sow chaos, and several are facing investigation regarding their funding. Sisi and his Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry met Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner in Cairo on Wednesday but neither the presidency nor the ministry mentioned the aid issue in statements released after the meetings. ",1
2027,U.S. court rejects bid to throw out Maryland electoral map,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. court on Thursday rejected a bid by Republican voters to throw out congressional districts drawn by Democratic lawmakers in Maryland. The three-judge panel sitting in Baltimore, divided 2-1, also put any further action in the case on hold pending the U.S. Supreme Court’s upcoming decision in a similar case from Wisconsin that could set a new test for how courts nationwide handle such claims. At the heart of the Maryland case was the decision to redraw the state’s sixth congressional district, previously held by a Republican and now held by a Democrat. The challengers say the move was a partisan gerrymander in violation of the U.S. Constitution because it intentionally diluted the Republican vote. Gerrymandering is the manipulation of electoral boundaries to gain a political advantage.  After the new map was introduced, Republican Representative Roscoe Bartlett lost in the 2012 election to Democrat John Delaney. Democrats now hold seven of the state’s eight congressional seats. The state’s governor, Larry Hogan, is a Republican. “The widespread nature of gerrymandering in modern politics is matched by the almost universal absence of those who will defend its negative effect on our democracy,” Judge Paul Niemeyer, a Republican appointee, wrote in his dissenting opinion. “Indeed, both Democrats and Republicans have decried it when wielded by their opponents but nonetheless continue to gerrymander in their own self interest when given the opportunity,” he added. The other two judges are Democratic appointees. On Oct. 2, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments over Republican line-drawing in Wisconsin, which Democrats say diluted their votes. The case gives the court an opportunity to issue a ruling saying whether or not challenges to gerrymandering can be brought over maps drawn solely on partisan grounds. The court has previously thrown out maps when there is evidence the state had sought to dilute the vote of a racial minority. The high court’s decision could dictate whether the Maryland case can move forward. ",1
2028,White House says it is committed to raising debt ceiling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday it was committed to making sure Congress raises the nation’s debt limit even as the president described the looming legislative process as a “mess.” “It’s our job to inform Congress of the debt ceiling and it’s their job to raise it,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. “We need to make sure we pay our debts. We’re still committed to making sure that gets raised.” (This story corrects quote in paragraph 2 to “to raise it” from “they raise it”)  ",1
2029,"U.S. Energy Department grid study calls for boost to coal, nuclear power","WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A U.S. Energy Department report calls for incentives to boost coal-fired and nuclear power plants following a slew of closures that it said undermined reliable sources of electricity.  The findings of the study, released late on Wednesday, drew praise from the coal and nuclear industries and a mixed reaction from renewable energy groups - some of which said the report’s recommendations could help them too.  President Donald Trump has promised to revive the ailing coal mining sector but has also said he welcomes all forms of energy development to shore up domestic production. Energy Secretary Rick Perry commissioned the grid study in April to evaluate whether “regulatory burdens” imposed by past administrations, including that of former President Barack Obama, had hurt the grid by forcing shutdowns of baseload plants, which provide nonstop power, like those fired by coal and nuclear fuel. Obama introduced regulations intended to slash emissions of carbon dioxide, which are blamed for climate change. This accelerated the retirement of coal-fired power plants and bolstered the nascent solar and wind sectors, which depend heavily on weather conditions for their power output.     “It is apparent that in today’s competitive markets certain regulations and subsidies are having a large impact on the functioning of markets, and thereby challenging our power generation mix,” Perry said in a letter introducing the study. “It is important for policy makers to consider their intended and unintended effects.” The study, conducted by the department’s staff, said cheap natural gas was the main driver of the closure of baseload coal and nuclear plants, a trend that was putting areas of the country at greater risk of power outages.  The department recommended giving baseload plants pricing advantages for their power, as well as making it easier and cheaper to get permits to build more such projects. The report differed from an earlier draft, which had said big increases in renewable power generation remained possible without undermining grid reliability, and which did not propose added support for baseload producers.  The administration had not yet reviewed the earlier draft, which was written by department staff.  Some coal and nuclear energy groups welcomed the final report’s findings. “This is a much-needed, pragmatic look at U.S. electricity reliability and resilience, including the priority of maintaining critical clean baseload power as electricity markets change,” said Rich Powell, director of ClearPath, which advocates for nuclear and hydropower. Renewable fuels supporters had a wide range of reactions. The Center for Biological Diversity called the report’s recommendations “dangerously misguided,” and the Sierra Club also bashed the study. But America’s biggest solar and wind power associations said they felt the study contained elements that were positive such as not singling out renewable energy as a big problem. “The report did not... lay the demise of coal at the feet of renewable energy, and that is an important finding,” Abigail Ross Hopper, president of the Solar Energy Industries Association, wrote in an email to the trade group’s members on Thursday. SEIA and other groups, including the American Wind Energy Association, said wind and solar could benefit from some of the report’s recommendations, such as a call for infrastructure development and market reforms. AWEA said in a blog post that technological advances could allow wind energy to provide reliability services, such as fast ramping to regulate the grid’s frequency signal. ",1
2030,White House calls Trump's relationship with Republican lawmakers 'fine',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that there was no need to repair the relationship between President Donald Trump and Republican congressional leaders, despite some recent policy disputes. “I think the relationships are fine,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said during a White House briefing. “Certainly there are going to be some policy differences, but there are also a lot of shared goals and that’s what we’re focused on.” ",1
2031,"Congress will raise debt ceiling, has many options: Ryan","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress will pass legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling and lawmakers have a number of options for avoiding default, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday. “We will pass legislation to make sure we pay our debts and we will not hit the debt ceiling. We’ll do this before the debt ceiling,” Ryan said during a tax reform event at a Boeing plant in Washington state. “There are many different options in front of us on how we achieve that,” he added. “We pay our debts in this country. We will continue to do so.” Later, in an interview with CNBC, Ryan said he had considered the option of attaching legislation raising the debt ceiling to a measure Congress passed recently extending money to veterans’ programs. The comments came after President Donald Trump said on Twitter that Congress could have avoided a “mess” if Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had taken his advice to link the debt ceiling and veterans’ funding measure. “That’s an option we were looking at but the VA deadline came up and we weren’t able to do that then,” Ryan told CNBC. Congress passed the veterans’ measure in early August and Trump signed it August 12. “I’m really not that worried about this, we have plenty of options ahead of us” to raise the debt ceiling, Ryan said, adding that he did not interpret Trump’s tweets as “going after me.” The speaker sidestepped a question as to whether the options included a “clean” hike of the debt ceiling, saying he did not want to “negotiate to the media.” House conservative Republicans have been pushing for a variety of add-ons to a debt limit bill, such as deep spending cuts or the sale of government assets. The government bumped up against its statutory limit on borrowing at just under $20 trillion in March. Since then, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has had to take “extraordinary” measures to stave off a default until Congress agrees to raise the Treasury’s borrowing capability.    The Trump administration had been hoping Congress would pass a debt limit bill before embarking on a long summer recess. ",1
2032,House Speaker Ryan says rates must be permanent in tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday rejected speculation that future tax legislation could include temporary tax cuts for businesses, saying macro-economic elements of tax reform including rates must be permanent. “We very passionately believe that permanence is very, very important. So the big decision-making provisions in the tax code? - That stuff’s got to be permanent,” Ryan said in an interview with CNBC television. “There are other things you can do that can have time dates on it, to make sure that the numbers work. But the big macro-economic policies - the rates and things like that - that stuff has to be made permanent.” Ryan also said Republicans intend to keep a popular homeowner deduction for mortgage interest payments that some have talked about capping to help pay for tax cuts. But he indicated the deduction could change. “We recognize, acknowledge and believe you need to maintain the mortgage interest deduction. Whether it can be improved and how it works, that’s a discussion we’ll have on an ongoing basis,” Ryan said. President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress have vowed to slash business tax rates and overhaul the U.S. tax code before year end, with a Republican-only strategy that requires a special parliamentary procedure to get legislation through the Senate on a simple majority. Republicans control the Senate by only a 52-48 margin. But they have struggled to find ways to pay for lower rates without violating Senate rules by expanding the federal deficit outside a 10-year budget window. Lobbyists say closed-door discussions between Congress and the Trump administration have considered an approach that would make tax cuts sunset after a decade, avoiding a Senate rule violation. But without permanent tax rates, Ryan said that businesses would be less likely to make the multi-year, multibillion-dollar investments necessary for driving economic growth, which Republicans say is their ultimate goal. “There are some who have said that because of our budget process, we might want to go temporary. It doesn’t actually work that way,” he said. “Permanence works, permanence is necessary and permanence is absolutely doable.” ",1
2033,Kushner stresses Trump's Mideast peace optimism but details scant,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump remains committed and optimistic about achieving Israeli-Palestinian peace, his son-in-law and senior adviser told the sides on Thursday during his first visit to the region since last month’s surge of violence.  But there was little to suggest any breakthrough or significant progress toward ending a decades-old conflict is imminent as Kushner met separately with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Palestinians were still seeking a pledge of support from the Trump administration for the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel - the foundation of U.S. Middle East policy for the past two decades. The last round of peace talks between the two sides collapsed in 2014. For his part, Netanyahu faces pressure from right-wing coalition partners not to give ground on Jewish settlement building in occupied territory that Palestinians seek for a independent state. The settlement issue contributed to the breakdown of negotiations three years ago. “We have things to talk about - how to advance peace, stability and security in our region, prosperity too. And I think that all of them are within our reach,” Netanyahu, welcoming Kushner to his Tel Aviv office, said in a video clip released by the U.S. Embassy. Kushner, a 36-year-old real estate developer with little experience of international diplomacy or political negotiation,  arrived in Israel with U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt on Wednesday after meeting Arab leaders in the Gulf, Egypt and Jordan.     “The president is very committed to achieving a solution here that will be able to bring prosperity and peace to all people in this area,” Kushner, who was tasked by Trump to help broker a peace deal, said in his response to Netanyahu. Meeting Abbas later in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Kushner said Trump sought “peaceful relations between the countries in the whole region” and was “very optimistic and hopeful for a better future for all Palestinian people and Israeli people”, according to a statement from Abbas’s office.   Trump has described peace between Israelis and Palestinians as “the ultimate deal” - and added a new wrinkle last February by saying he was not fixed on two states co-existing side by side as a solution to their dispute. Kushner last traveled to Israel and the Palestnian territories in June. A month later, he was involved in telephone diplomacy to stem Palestinian and Jordanian unrest over Israel’s handling of a contested Jerusalem holy site. Four Palestinians, three Israelis and two Jordanians were killed during the crisis.  Abbas spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said Kushner’s visit could prove significant, particularly because of the envoy’s consultations with regional allies this week: “This may create a new chance to reach a settlement based on the two-state solution and the Arab initiative and stop the current deterioration of the peace process.” Abu Rdainah was referring to a 2002 Arab League initiative that offers Israel diplomatic recognition from Arab countries in return for a statehood deal with the Palestinians and a full Israeli withdrawal from territory captured in a 1967 war. Netanyahu has expressed tentative support for parts of the blueprint, but there are many caveats on the Israeli side, including how to resolve the complex Palestinian refugee issue. The statement from Abbas’s office quoted the Palestinian president as telling Kushner: “We know things are difficult and complicated but nothing is impossible when efforts are sincere.” ",1
2034,U.S. could start missing payments on October 2: think tank,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government might not have enough money to pay all its bills on Oct. 2 if Washington does not raise a cap on federal borrowing, a respected think tank said in a report on Thursday. The Treasury might not have enough money on that day to make a roughly $80 billion payment that will be due to a military retirement fund, according to the Bipartisan Policy Center. Coming up short on cash on Oct. 2 could also lead the government to delay payments due that day on social security benefits and military pay, the BPC said. The report highlights the urgency facing the Trump administration to work with Congress to raise the federal government’s $19.8 trillion cap on borrowing. Missing payments could trigger financial turmoil and hit the U.S. economy, possibly triggering a recession. A credit agency has warned that America’s credit rating is at risk. “October 2 is a particularly difficult day for federal finances,” said the Bipartisan Policy Center, which is considered an expert in projecting fiscal deadlines. Losing the ability to borrow any more on Oct. 2 would mean approximately 23 percent of funds owed by the government that month would go unpaid, dealing an immediate blow to the U.S. economy, the BPC said. Washington has been scraping against its debt ceiling since March, putting off payments into a few government funds so it can keep borrowing from investors and making debt payments.  The BPC noted there was “substantial uncertainty” in knowing just when Washington could stop being able to pay all its bills. It projects that date could fall between Oct. 2 and the middle of the month. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers in July they needed to raise the debt limit by Sept 29. President Donald Trump on Thursday described efforts to raise the limit as a “mess.” Republicans control the White House and both houses of the U.S. Congress. Washington has put itself through debt-limit crises several times in recent decades. In the run-up to a 2011 crisis, the Treasury looked at a range of options, including prioritizing payments, which would mean making debt securities payments at the expense of other obligations.  Former Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in 2013 that attempting to prioritize might trigger chaos. Mnuchin told lawmakers on July 27 he had no intent to prioritize payments and that doing so “doesn’t make sense.” ",1
2035,Trump says debt ceiling 'mess' could have been avoided: Twitter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Thursday that a legislative “mess” could have been avoided if Republican congressional leaders had followed his advice to tie debt ceiling legislation to a veterans affairs bill. “I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval,” wrote Trump, referring to Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan. “Could have been so easy-now a mess!” ",1
2036,Trump to meet scandal-hit Malaysian leader in September,"WASHINGTON/KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has invited Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, who is dogged by a corruption scandal being investigated in the United States, to the White House on Sept. 12, officials from both countries confirmed on Thursday. The U.S. Justice Department is conducting a criminal probe into 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), a state fund founded by Najib that has lost billions of dollars.  The Justice Department has also launched civil lawsuits to seize some $1.7 billion in assets it says were bought with misappropriated 1MDB funds, making it the largest action by the department under its kleptocracy asset recovery initiative. Najib, who is expected to seek re-election in a poll due by 2018, has consistently denied any wrongdoing related to 1MDB since the scandal first erupted in 2015. Filings in the civil cases identified several individuals close to “Malaysian Official 1”, a term Malaysian and U.S. government officials have previously confirmed refers to Najib. Aside from the United States, 1MDB is the focus of money-laundering investigations in at least five other countries, including Switzerland and Singapore. The White House said in a statement that Trump looks forward to “discussing ways to strengthen and broaden our bilateral relationship and expand regional cooperation with one of America’s closest partners in Southeast Asia.” Relations between Malaysia and the United Stated soured in the last months of the Obama administration after the Justice Department filed the lawsuits.  The Malaysian leader has tried rebuilding ties with the  Trump administration, and he was among the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on his election victory. A U.S. Justice Department filing in May showed that Najib had hired a former campaign aide to Trump to lobby with the U.S. government, but Najib has denied this. Najib has talked to the local media about playing golf with Trump in the past, and claimed he has a picture of the two, with Trump signing off on it saying “To my favorite Prime Minister”. A meeting with Trump could help Najib bolster support within his party ahead of an upcoming election, and refute claims that he would be arrested if he travels to the United States. Najib’s critics fear he could use the meeting to try to derail further investigations into 1MDB. Najib had sought to strengthen ties with China as relations with the United States became strained last year, and Malaysian media has reported that Chinese President Xi Jinping is  expected to visit the Southeast Asian country in the coming months, though this has not been officially confirmed. The United States sees Malaysia as an important regional partner in standing up to Beijing’s territorial claims in the South China Sea. The United States has long valued Malaysia’s support in its fight against the spread of Islamist militancy, and Washington has also sought Kuala Lumpur’s backing for its policy toward North Korea. “The two leaders are expected to discuss areas of mutually beneficial cooperation, including national security, the global fight against terrorism and extremism, and trade and investment that will benefit our nations and our peoples,” Malaysia’s foreign ministry said in a statement. Malaysia had backed the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), the trade agreement that Trump withdrew from earlier this year, dismaying the United States’ Asian partners. ",1
2037,Fellow Republicans rebuke Trump over government shutdown threat,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s fellow Republicans rebuked him on Wednesday after his threat to shut down the U.S. government over funding for a border wall rattled markets and cast a shadow over congressional efforts to raise the country’s debt ceiling and pass spending bills. “I don’t think anyone’s interested in having a shutdown,” the top Republican in Congress, House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, told reporters on Wednesday in Hillsboro, Oregon, where he visited an Intel factory.  Ryan said building a wall along the country’s border with Mexico to deter illegal immigration was necessary, but added that the government did not have to choose between border security and shuttering operations. Trump in a speech on Tuesday evening threatened a shutdown if Congress does not agree to fund constructing the wall, a signature promise of his presidential campaign, which added a new complication to Republicans’ months-long struggle to reach a budget deal. After Mexico rejected a chief part of Trump’s promise - that it would pay for the wall - the president said the United States would fund it initially and be repaid by its southern neighbor. Lawmakers, including many Republicans, have not made that funding a top priority, as some question if a wall is necessary. Congress will have about 12 working days when it returns on Sept. 5 from its summer break to approve spending measures to keep the government open, while also facing a looming deadline to raise the cap on the amount the government may borrow. Both are must-approve measures.  U.S. stocks and the dollar weakened and investors pivoted to the safety of U.S. Treasury securities on Wednesday after Trump's threat. The S&P 500 Index .SPX closed about 0.3 percent lower, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down by 0.4 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC slid 0.3 percent.  Ryan suggested Congress would need to approve a short-term extension, or continuing resolution, of current funding levels so that the Senate could have more time to pass a full spending bill. That would push the budget battle to later in the year and could in turn delay attempts at tax reform, another signature Trump campaign issue. Friction between Republicans and Trump has grown in recent months, with the president publicly castigating some party leaders, notably Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and expressing infuriation that Congress has not passed any significant legislation since his January inauguration. McConnell did not take a stand on the border wall issue on Wednesday. He said in a statement he and Trump were in regular contact and working together on a list of goals that included preventing a government default and funding government priorities “in the short and long terms.” “We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we are committed to advancing our shared agenda together and anyone who suggests otherwise is clearly not part of the conversation,” he said. A White House statement said Trump would hold “previously scheduled meetings” with McConnell once Congress returns to Washington and that Trump and McConnell “remain united on many shared priorities, including middle class tax relief, strengthening the military, constructing a southern border wall, and other important issues.” Congress frequently has to pass funding extensions for a few weeks or months while it hammers out a full budget. Occasionally lawmakers have enter a standoff over a single issue, delaying agreement and forcing a shutdown. The most recent closure, which spanned 15 days in October 2013, was over funding for the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. In opinion polls during and after that shutdown, voters loudly disapproved of the Republican Party, which controlled the House of Representatives at the time. Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, the Republican chairman of a House Appropriations subcommittee, said Trump’s threatened move could backfire on the party. “When you control the presidency, the Senate and the House, you’re shutting down the government that you’re running. I don’t think it’s smart politically and I don’t think it would succeed practically,” he told Reuters in an interview.    The White House stressed on Wednesday that Trump would work with Congress to get funding for the wall.  “The president ran on it, won on it and plans to build it,” said White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom. The party’s conservative wing backed the president’s call for wall funding, with Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, a founding member of the Freedom Caucus, telling Reuters any government shutdown would be caused by Senate Democrats. Representative Adam Kinzinger, a Republican member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said, however, the threat was  “dangerous for our role in the world as we’re talking to nations like Afghanistan to say: ‘Here’s how you govern yourself.’” He added it could also hurt financial markets’ confidence in the United States. “Trump saying he would be willing to shut down the government over the wall obviously doesn’t really inspire much confidence in anyone,” said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.  The House passed a spending bill late last month that included funding for the wall. Republicans’ slim majority in the Senate means Democrats are needed to pass most legislation and they have opposed including border wall funding in any fiscal 2018 spending bill. Congress also must periodically raise the debt limit to keep the U.S. government borrowing and operating. Politicians sometimes take advantage of that need to push through policy or spending changes. The Treasury Department, already using “extraordinary measures” to remain current on its obligations, has said the debt limit must be raised by Sept. 29. Trump has asked Congress to extend the limit with a “clean” bill that excludes any other provisions. Credit ratings agency Fitch said on Wednesday it would review the U.S. sovereign debt rating, “with potentially negative implications,” if the debt limit is not raised in a timely manner. ",1
2038,U.S. may sanction four countries for refusing deportees: DHS,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States could impose additional penalties on four unidentified countries that do not cooperate with requests to return their citizens, a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) spokesman said Wednesday. The State Department and the DHS can sanction countries that do not cooperate with removals, but has only used that punishment authority twice in the past 15 years. The current 12 countries deemed recalcitrant are China, Cuba, Vietnam, Laos, Iran, Cambodia, Myanmar, Morocco, Hong Kong, South Sudan, Guinea and Eritrea. Acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke sent a letter to the State Department last week identifying the latest four countries that could face the new penalties. DHS spokesman David Lapan declined to discuss possible sanctions or the names of the four countries that could face additional sanctions, including denying visas. However, CNN cited a DHS official close to discussions about the deliberations as saying on Wednesday the four under consideration were Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone. In two cases since 2000, the United States halted issuing visas to government officials and their families to Guinea and Gambia. Lapan said in some cases the DHS has no choice but to release some convicted criminals who served prison time but could not be returned to their home country because their home country refuses to cooperate. “We have tens of thousands of individuals,” Lapan said.  The DHS identifies countries that can be sanctioned and the State Department decides what, if any, sanctions could be imposed. The DHS has said that it has final deportation orders against 35,000 Cuban citizens that have criminal histories that Cuba refuses to accept. ",1
2039,White House to send memo to Pentagon soon on transgender ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is expected to tell the Pentagon in coming days how to implement a ban on transgender people in the military, according to a memo that says the defense secretary may decide whether to remove service members based on their ability to deploy, a U.S. official said on Wednesday. The two-and-a-half-page White House document gives Defense Secretary Jim Mattis six months to fully implement the ban, according to a story first reported by The Wall Street Journal and confirmed by the official. It also directs the Defense Department to deny admittance to transgender individuals and to stop spending on medical treatment regimens for those currently serving, the Journal reported, citing U.S. officials. Mattis is expected to consider “deployability” - meaning the ability to serve in a war zone, participate in exercises or live for months on a ship - as the main legal reason to decide whether to separate service members from the military, the Journal reported. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on July 26 that the U.S. government “will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity” in the military, a reversal of Pentagon policy. The surprise announcement, citing healthcare costs and unit disruption, appealed to some in Trump’s conservative political base but created uncertainty for thousands of transgender service members, many of whom came out after the Pentagon said in 2016 it would allow transgender people to serve openly. Five transgender members of the U.S. military including Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans sued Trump earlier this month, saying that the ban was made without consulting senior military commanders. It named as defendants Trump, Mattis and other military leaders including Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Dunford said in a memo a day after Trump’s tweets that there would be no change in policy until Mattis received an official order from the president. Stephen Peters at the Human Rights Campaign, an advocacy group for LGBTQ rights, responded in a tweet: “This proves @realdonaldtrump knows nothing about what it means to be #transgender or to serve in the military. Trans service members already do deploy, proving repeatedly what matters is their ability to accomplish the mission, not gender identity.” The Obama administration, which ended the transgender ban in 2016, allowed currently serving transgender personnel to immediately begin serving openly but set July 1, 2017, as the start of new enlistments by openly transgender people. ",1
2040,U.S. judge throws out Texas voter ID law supported by Trump,"(Reuters) - A federal court judge on Wednesday threw out a Texas voter identification law that was supported by the Trump administration, but the state’s attorney general said his office would appeal the ruling. The judge’s ruling said changes to the law passed earlier this year by the state’s Republican-controlled legislature that were meant to be less discriminatory than an earlier one did not accomplish that. U.S. District Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos of the Southern District of Texas said the state did not allow enough types of photo IDs for voters, “even though the (5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals) was clearly critical of Texas having the most restrictive list in the country.” President Donald Trump campaigned on cutting voter fraud, picking up a theme of fellow Republicans across the country. Critics have said the Texas law and similar statutes enacted in other Republican-governed states are an effort to suppress voting, including among blacks and Hispanics who tend to favor Democrats. Trump has made unsubstantiated allegations that millions of people voted illegally for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, in last November’s election, in which Clinton won the  popular vote but lost the decisive Electoral College count. “Today’s ruling is outrageous,” Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement. Paxton, a Republican, added that changes to the law passed by the legislature included all those asked for by the 5th Circuit. The Justice Department filed a brief last month asking the court to halt action against the Texas voter ID law, saying the state’s new law fixed discriminatory issues of the state’s 2011 voter ID law.       Texas Democrats welcomed Ramos’ ruling. “Jim Crow-era tactics have kept Texas Republicans in power,” said state Democratic Party Chairman Gilberto Hinojosa. “From discriminatory gerrymandering to discriminatory voter ID laws, it has become entirely clear that Texas Republicans are rigging our election system.” Ramos wrote in a 27-page ruling that voters with little education, or simply a lack of confidence, may forfeit their legitimate right to vote because of fear of being charged with perjury. She said Texas was overreaching by “threatening severe penalties for perjury,” and noted that the state’s “history of voter intimidation” led her not to accept the new voter ID law as a solution for the “purposeful discrimination” in the one it attempted to improve upon. ",1
2041,"U.S. Air Force picks Raytheon, Lockheed for next-gen cruise missile","(Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force has awarded Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Co separate $900 million contracts to continue work on a replacement for the AGM-86B air-launched nuclear cruise missile, the Pentagon said on Wednesday. Although the award for the new Long Range Standoff weapon (LRSO) comes amid rising tensions with North Korea, the Air Force had asked the defense industry last summer for proposals to replace the aging nuclear cruise missiles and intercontinental ballistic missile system as the military moved ahead with a costly modernization of its aging atomic weapons systems. “This weapon will modernize the air-based leg of the nuclear triad,” said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson in a statement. LRSO, which is a plane launched weapon, “will be capable of penetrating and surviving advanced integrated air defense systems from significant standoff range” Lockheed Martin said in its statement about the award. The relatively small contract award is a milestone that allows Lockheed and Raytheon to continue parallel detailed development and prototyping for the cruise missile replacement. For the next four and a half years, the companies will perform the technology maturation and risk reduction of the weapon. Once complete, the Air Force will choose a single contractor for engineering, manufacturing and deployment. The Air Force plans to procure approximately 1,000 LRSO flight bodies, with development and procurement costs estimated at about $10 billion, according to an Air Force spokesperson. Only some of the bodies will be armed with nuclear weapons, the others will be used for testing or spares. The Air Force has said it plans to start fielding LRSO by 2030. The current cruise missile was first fielded in the early 1980s with a 10-year life. On Monday, the Air Force awarded Boeing Co and Northrop Grumman Corp separate contracts to continue work on the replacement of the aging Minuteman III ICBM system. Modernization of the U.S. nuclear force was expected to cost more than $350 billion over the next decade. The United States plans to replace its aging systems, including bombs, nuclear bombers, missiles and submarines. Some analysts estimated the cost at $1 trillion over 30 years. ",1
2042,"Trump, McConnell say they remain united on shared goals","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday emphasized their plans to cooperate on shared goals, following weeks of tensions between the two Republicans. The White House and McConnell issued statements after media reports that McConnell’s relationship with the Republican president had disintegrated amid repeated attacks by Trump on the Senate leader for, among other things, failing to get a healthcare bill passed. Trump and McConnell “remain united on many shared priorities, including middle class tax relief, strengthening the military, constructing a southern border wall, and other important issues,” the White House said in a statement. It said the two would hold previously scheduled meetings following the August recess to discuss the issues with members of the congressional leadership and the Cabinet. “The President and I, and our teams, have been and continue to be in regular contact about our shared goals,” McConnell said in his statement. He cited support for infrastructure legislation and tax reform, as well as preventing a government default, passing defense bills and implementing an effective strategy against Islamic State. “We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we are committed to advancing our shared agenda together and anyone who suggests otherwise is clearly not part of the conversation,” McConnell said. The New York Times reported on Tuesday that McConnell and Trump were locked in a political “cold war,” especially after an Aug. 9 phone call it said devolved into a shouting match. On that day and the next, Trump assailed McConnell via Twitter, angered by a speech McConnell had given saying Trump had “excessive expectations” of Congress.  Trump has kept up the pressure on Congress this week, threatening on Tuesday to shut down the government if lawmakers do not fund the building of a wall along the border with Mexico. Trump also kept up an attack on another senator whom McConnell has defended, Republican Jeff Flake of Arizona, a longtime critic of the president over his trade and immigration policies. ",1
2043,"Trump, McConnell 'united on many shared priorities': White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell remain united on many priorities and will hold previously scheduled meetings after the August recess to discuss the issues with members of the congressional leadership and the Cabinet, the White House said on Wednesday. Trump and McConnell “remain united on many shared priorities, including middle class tax relief, strengthening the military, constructing a southern border wall, and other important issues,” the White House said in a statement. Earlier on Wednesday, McConnell said he and his team were in “regular contact” with Trump and committed to working together, following weeks of tensions between the two Republicans.  ",1
2044,"Factbox: Trump's government shutdown threat, looming debt ceiling","(Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he was willing to shut down the government to get funding for a U.S.-Mexico border wall, complicating two must-pass measures Congress will take up in September: a spending package and raising the debt ceiling. Here is what you need to know about both, and the potential for a shutdown of the U.S. government: Congress must pass annual spending bills around the end of the federal fiscal year on Sept. 30 to fund much of the U.S. government. When disagreements prevent that, which is frequent, lawmakers often pass a temporary bill extending existing spending levels with no changes for days, weeks or months, while they work on a longer-lasting deal. When they cannot agree on either a new spending plan or a short-term extension, the government shuts down. That has happened many times since the 1970s, usually for a few days, and can rattle markets. Congress will return from its long summer recess on Sept. 5. At the time, it will have only about 12 working days to approve spending measures to keep the government open. If spending measures are not passed before Oct. 1, portions of the government will begin to shut down and non-essential employees will go without pay until an agreement is reached. The government most recently shut down for about two weeks in October 2013 over funding for former President Barack Obama’s healthcare law. There were three shutdowns in the 1990s, the longest lasting 21 days. In the 1970s and 1980s, there were 14 shutdowns, some partial and most lasting only a few days. The “debt ceiling” is a legislative limit on how much money the federal government can borrow through debt issued by the U.S. Treasury. Once the limit is reached, Congress must raise it or the government cannot continue borrowing money and would default, or be unable to pay its bills. The Treasury has said it wants Congress to increase the debt ceiling by Sept. 29, although default likely could be staved off until mid-October, thanks to “extraordinary measures” the Treasury put in place in March to delay a debt reckoning.   Legislation to raise the debt limit will need to be adopted, at the very latest, by early to mid-October. If the debt ceiling is not raised, the government would not be able to borrow more money or pay its bills, including payments on its debts, which could hurt the U.S. credit rating. Political gridlock has never led to the United States reaching its debt ceiling and its bills going unpaid, but there have been close calls. An August 2011 standoff cost the country its top-notch bond rating from the credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s and caused the most jarring two weeks in financial markets since the 2007-2009 global financial crisis. The two move on separate tracks, but are likely to get tangled together, with Republican opponents of a debt ceiling increase likely demanding federal spending cuts. Some analysts say Congress may try to tackle both issues at the same time. Both the spending and debt ceiling bills can pass the Republican-led House of Representatives by a simple majority vote, but will need 60 votes to pass the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 of 100 seats, meaning they will need some Democratic support.  Trump made his U.S.-Mexico border wall a central promise of his 2016 presidential campaign. He also promised that Mexico would pay for the wall, but Mexico has steadfastly refused and Trump has largely stopped talking about that pledge. Conservative House Republicans agree with the Republican president on the need for a wall and say border-wall funding should be a priority in any spending legislation. Some of them have already indicated they are willing to shut down the government to get it. Moderate Republicans have called a shutdown unwise and Republican leaders are determined to prevent one, fearing it would worsen doubts about the party’s ability to govern. Democrats are uniformly opposed to Trump’s wall and say the responsibility for a shutdown would rest solely with Republicans. The Trump administration reversed course earlier this month and said it would back a “clean” raising of the debt ceiling, meaning it would not be tied to other policy measures. Democrats and moderate Republicans also support a clean debt-ceiling increase. But conservative Republicans, especially in the House, often use debt-ceiling legislation to insist on changes to spending, making them opposed to a clean bill. ",1
2045,Trump warns may terminate NAFTA treaty,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump warned on Tuesday he might terminate the NAFTA trade treaty with Mexico and Canada after three-way talks failed to bridge deep differences. The United States, Canada and Mexico wrapped up their first round of talks on Sunday to revamp the trade pact with little sign of a breakthrough coming. Trump reopened negotiations of the 1994 treaty out of concern U.S. economic interests were suffering. “Personally, I don’t think we can make a deal. I think we’ll probably end up terminating NAFTA at some point,” Trump said at a political rally in Phoenix, Arizona. Suggesting a termination might help jumpstart the negotiations, Trump said: “I personally don’t think you can make a deal without a termination.” Following Trump’s remarks, Mexican foreign minister Luis Videgaray tweeted: “No surprises: we’re already in a negotiation. Mexico will remain at the table with serenity, firmness and with the national interest ahead.” In a joint statement issued at the end of five days of negotiations in Washington, the top trade officials from the three countries said Mexico would host the next round of talks from Sept. 1 to 5. The talks will move to Canada later in September, then return to the United States in October, with additional rounds planned for later this year. ",1
2046,Police use pepper spray to disperse protesters at Trump's Phoenix rally,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - Police fired pepper spray to disperse protesters outside a rally by U.S. President Donald Trump in Phoenix, Arizona, on Tuesday after being pelted with rocks and bottles, police said. Police have not given an estimate of the number of protesters, but Arizona media said there were several thousand. Police did not say whether the pepper spray was used on pro- or anti-Trump protesters, or both. “People in the crowd have begun throwing rocks and bottles at police,” Phoenix Police Department spokesman Sergeant Jonathan Howard said. “Police have responded with pepper balls and OC (oleoresin capsicum) spray in an attempt to disperse the crowd and stop the assaults,” he said. Four people were arrested during the protest, Phoenix Police Chief Jeri Williams said during a news conference.  “We had tens of thousands of people downtown peacefully exercising their first amendment rights,” Williams said. “What’s unfortunate is that a very small number of individuals chose criminal conduct.” Police called on the crowds to disperse. Many of the protesters quit the scene, while dozens of police in riot gear and carrying shields sought to clear remaining protesters from the downtown area. The Phoenix Fire Department said it treated 56 people for heat exhaustion and dehydration at the convention center. Twelve people were taken to the hospital.    ",1
2047,House Speaker Ryan says U.S. government shutdown unnecessary,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that the government shutdown threatened by President Donald Trump is unnecessary and not wanted by lawmakers in Congress. “I don’t think anyone is interested in having a shutdown. I don’t think it is in our interests to do so,” Ryan told a news conference in Oregon. ",1
2048,"Clinton, in book, says Trump's debate stalking made her skin crawl","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says in her new book that Donald Trump made her skin crawl by stalking her around the stage in a campaign debate and she wonders if she should have told him to “back up, you creep.” In audio excerpts of the book “What Happened” aired on Wednesday on MSNBC, Clinton described her 2016 campaign as “joyful, humbling, infuriating and just plain baffling” and acknowledged she failed her millions of supporters by losing to Trump in the November election. In the excerpts, Clinton described the Oct. 9 debate in St. Louis in which Trump followed her closely about the stage, lurking behind her as she fielded questions from a live television audience. The debate came two days after an audiotape emerged in which Trump was heard bragging about groping women. “This is not OK, I thought,” Clinton says. “It was the second presidential debate and Donald Trump was looming behind me. “We were on a small stage and no matter where I walked, he followed me closely, staring at me, making faces. It was incredibly uncomfortable. He was literally breathing down my neck. My skin crawled,” Clinton said. “It was one of those moments where you wish you could hit pause and ask everyone watching: ‘Well, what would you do?’ Do you stay calm, keep smiling and carry on as if he weren’t repeatedly invading your space? Or do you turn, look him in the eye and say loudly and clearly: ‘Back up, you creep. Get away from me. I know you love to intimidate women but you can’t intimidate me.’” Clinton says she chose the first option. “I kept my cool, aided by a lifetime of dealing with difficult men trying to throw me off,” she says. But Clinton questions whether she should have chosen the second option. “It certainly would have been better TV,” she says. “Maybe I have over-learned the lesson of staying calm, biting my tongue, digging my fingernails into a clenched fist, smiling all the while, determined to present a composed face to the world.” Clinton says writing the book, due to be released in the coming weeks, “wasn’t easy.” “Every day that I was a candidate for president, I knew that millions of people were counting on me and I couldn’t bear the idea of letting them down. But I did,” she says. “I couldn’t get the job done.” ",1
2049,"Drowning in debt, Connecticut faces budget crunch","HARTFORD (Reuters) - Connecticut, home to hedge fund billionaires alongside cities mired in poverty, is racing against the clock to pass a budget or face further spending cuts to education and municipal aid across the state.  Nearly two months without a budget, Connecticut is getting crushed by a burdensome debt load that has squeezed spending and amplified legislative discord. State lawmakers must agree on a biennial budget soon or else Governor Dannel Malloy’s executive order to slash state aid to municipalities and eliminate school funding for some districts will go into effect in October. The state faces a $3.5 billion deficit over the next two years.      Among the wealthiest in the United States, Connecticut has been strained by already high taxes, outmigration, falling revenues and $50 billion of unfunded pension liabilities.   Some $23 billion of outstanding municipal debt has also constrained spending. Bondholders must be paid ahead of most other expenses like non-essential services and payments to vendors.     The $2.85 billion of principal and interest the state paid on its bonds in fiscal 2017 was the highest in six years, according to preliminary unaudited information from State Treasurer Denise Nappier’s office that has not yet been published. “The state invested in the wrong things for a period of time. It allowed its higher educational institutions to suffer while it sought to placate communities with respect to other forms of local reimbursement,” Malloy told Reuters during an interview in his office on Thursday. “We built too many prisons, which we’re still paying off even while we’re closing them,” he said. The Democrat took office in 2011 and is not seeking a third term.  Further, the state’s budget crunch is threatening its cities including the state capital of Hartford, which is considering bankruptcy due, in part, to its dependence on state aid. Connecticut has borrowed for decades to fund school construction, whereas nearly all other states typically borrow at the local level for those projects. Lack of county governments means some other local costs are picked up by the state, including for all of its detention facilities.  Connecticut has piled on debt to bolster its public pensions, selling $2.3 billion of bonds in April 2008. And again in December 2009, the state sold $916 million of economic recovery notes to close a budget deficit after depleting its rainy day fund during the Great Recession.   By many measures, Connecticut’s debt levels are the worst of the 50 U.S. states. It has the most net tax-supported state debt per capita in the nation at $6,505, versus a median of $1,006, according to Moody’s Investors Service.     It has the highest debt service costs as a portion of state revenues, as well as debt relative to gross domestic product, Moody’s said.  Connecticut was downgraded by all three major Wall Street credit rating agencies in May. Both Republicans and Democrats in the state legislature have proposed solutions, including a hard cap on annual bond sales. Democratic legislators met with Millstein & Co., the same restructuring firm that advised Puerto Rico over its suffocating debt burden, according to The Connecticut Mirror newspaper. Nappier proposed a new tax-secured revenue bond program in lieu of general obligation debt, which she says will lower borrowing costs and boost reserves. But until lawmakers craft a budget, the state’s fiscal uncertainty is causing havoc among municipalities. Some are considering whether to delay the start of school or dip into reserves. And for Hartford, the longer the state goes without a budget, the closer the city comes to a possible bankruptcy filing, said Hartford Mayor Luke Bronin, a 38-year-old former U.S. Treasury official. “The lack of a state budget... makes a liquidity challenge come that much faster,” he said. ",1
2050,Connecticut governor eyes economic investments amid fiscal crisis,"HARTFORD (Reuters) - Connecticut, one of the wealthiest states in the nation, also has some of the highest debt levels and its capital city of Hartford is facing potential bankruptcy. Now, the state faces a fiscal crisis. A budget is nearly two months late, with debt and big pension liabilities - fixed costs that constrain spending - hampering lawmakers’ attempts to reach an agreement. Governor Dannel Malloy, a second-term Democrat who is not seeking reelection, discussed with Reuters tough decisions he has wrestled with to address a fiscal calamity decades in the making. Malloy and Ben Barnes, secretary of the State Office of Policy and Management, talked about the state’s debt burden and whether Connecticut would approve a possible bankruptcy filing for Hartford.  Below are excerpts from the interview. Q: Describe the fiscal health of the state, and whether a budget would be passed soon.  MALLOY: “There has been an ongoing process of making hard decisions. I think there’s some legislative fatigue over that, but we’ll get a budget. I’m pretty proud that Connecticut’s government is over 12 percent smaller today than when I took office. I’m proud that we’re the first administration to truly actuarially fund pensions. I’m proud that we’re the administration that has now restructured our arrangement with labor and have restructured the funding formula for our long-term obligations.”  Q: Could you characterize the state’s relationship with debt? BARNES: “There was a lot of school construction approved in the period running up to 2008 and the financial meltdown. We’ve been bonding for large projects which were approved before the bottom fell out. What we’ve added into the mix has been significant expansion of what we provide for higher education. And we’ve also put money into economic development initiatives, which we think are extremely important.” Q: If revenues are not coming in as expected, are tougher decisions needed regarding state borrowing?  MALLOY: “You make investments in growing the economy, (like) the University of Connecticut campus.”  BARNES: “The fiscal problems that we have today are entirely driven by the overhang of unfunded pension liability. The increases that we’ve made in payments for retiree health and unfunded pension liability since 2010 are equivalent to all the taxes we’ve raised and then some.”  Q: Should the school construction program be reevaluated? BARNES: “We have made some significant changes... The number of school construction projects that are going forward is down. We’ve definitely tightened the screws there, but the state of Connecticut has built a lot of schools over the last 20 years.” Q: Would you approve a bankruptcy filing for Hartford? MALLOY: “I would approve it if it’s the best way to handle their difficulties. Connecticut has not treated its cities very well, something which I’ve tried to change.” ",1
2051,Meeting between Egyptian foreign minister and Jared Kushner canceled: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry is no longer meeting U.S. President Donald Trump’s advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner on Wednesday, a copy of his schedule sent out to journalists showed. A Foreign Ministry official told Reuters the meeting had been canceled but did not provide a reason. Shoukry had been scheduled to meet with a U.S. delegation led by Kushner to discuss the Middle East peace process. Two U.S sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday that U.S. authorities would deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and delay a further $195 million payment over its failure to make progress on respecting human rights and democratic norms. ",1
2052,Trump hints at pardon for former Arizona Sheriff Arpaio,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump hinted on Tuesday that he would issue a pardon for Joe Arpaio, a controversial former sheriff convicted last month of criminal contempt in a racial profiling case. Trump, who had already held out the possibility of a pardon for Arpaio, decided against announcing it at a major rally in Arizona on Tuesday night but suggested that he would step in at some point. “I’ll make a prediction. I think he’s going to be just fine, okay? But I won’t do it tonight because I don’t want to cause any controversy. But Sheriff Joe can feel good,” he said.  Arpaio, an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration, was the sheriff of Maricopa County in Phoenix before he lost a re-election bid in 2016. Last month a judge found him guilty of contempt for intentionally defying a 2011 court order that barred his officers from stopping and detaining Latino motorists solely on suspicion that they were in the United States illegally. The judge in the underlying lawsuit, brought by the American Civil Liberties Union and others in 2007, held that such traffic stops were a violation of the motorists’ constitutional rights. Arpaio, who was in office for 24 years, gained national prominence for his treatment of jail inmates and crackdown on undocumented immigrants.  Arpaio’s situation resonated with the crowd of Trump supporters. “Do the people in this room like Sheriff Joe?” Trump asked, sparking loud applause and a chant of “Pardon Joe!”  “Was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing his job?” Trump said. His mention of Arpaio seemed to contradict comments by White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders, who told reporters earlier in the day that the subject would not come up. “There will be no discussion of that today at any point and no action will be taken on that front at any point today,” she told reporters traveling on Air Force One. ",1
2053,Trump voices mild optimism about ties with North Korea,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump expressed cautious optimism on Tuesday about a possible improvement in relations with North Korea after months of mounting tension over its weapons programs. “I respect the fact that he is starting to respect us,” Trump said of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. “And maybe - probably not, but maybe - something positive can come about,” he said at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. ",1
2054,Trump unshackled: President defends Charlottesville response at raucous rally,"PHOENIX (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump revved up supporters on Tuesday with a defense of his response to a white supremacist-organized rally in Virginia and a promise to shut down the U.S. government if necessary to build a wall along the border with Mexico. Under fire for saying “both sides” were to blame for the violence between white supremacists and left-wing counter protesters in Virginia on Aug. 12, Trump accused television networks of ignoring his calls for unity in the aftermath. “I didn’t say I love you because you’re black, or I love you because you’re white,” Trump said. “I love all the people of our country.” Police used pepper spray to disperse crowds after protesters threw rocks and bottles outside the convention center where Trump spoke, police said. Trump, who often uses news organizations as a foil, repeatedly singled out the media for criticism of how it covered the violence in the Virginia college town of Charlottesville and the resulting political fallout. “These are truly dishonest people. They’re bad people. I really think they don’t like our country,” Trump said. “The only people giving a platform to these hate groups is the media.” Adopting a glib tone, Trump said many reporters ignored his condemnation of white supremacists, including the Ku Klux Klan.  “I hit ‘em with neo-Nazi, I hit ‘em with everything ... KKK? We have KKK. I got ‘em all,” he said. James Clapper, a former director of U.S. national intelligence, expressed concern at Trump’s performance, calling it “downright scary and disturbing.” “I question his fitness to be in office,” Clapper told CNN. Funding for the border wall has flagged in the U.S. Congress as many lawmakers question whether Trump’s main promise during the 2016 presidential election campaign is really necessary. But with a budget battle looming, Trump said he would be willing to risk a politically damaging government shutdown in order to secure funding for the wall.  He visited the border region in Yuma, Arizona, earlier on Tuesday. “If we have to close down our government, we’re building that wall,” Trump said. “We’re going to have our wall. The American people voted for immigration control. We’re going to get that wall.” With thousands of supporters cheering him on, Trump also weighed in on another racially charged issue, hinting he would pardon former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Arpaio, 85, who battled illegal immigration in the Phoenix area, was found guilty last month of criminal contempt for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial profiling case. Trump covered the gamut of issues, from NAFTA trade talks to the U.S. showdown with North Korea, during a raucous, rambling and defiant political speech lasting an hour and 15 minutes.  He said he might terminate the NAFTA treaty with Mexico and Canada to jumpstart negotiations, and said the standoff with North Korea over its weapons programs might have taken a positive turn. However, it was unclear whether the speech would help lay the foundation for a comeback from the deep political crisis Trump finds himself in after only seven months in office and an approval rating below 40 percent. He expressed frustration that the Republican-controlled Congress was unable to approve healthcare legislation that failed to pass the Senate by one vote last month. One of the votes against the legislation was cast by  Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona, who was recently  diagnosed with brain cancer. Without mentioning their names, Trump criticized both McCain and his fellow Arizona Republican, Senator Jeff Flake. Neither McCain nor Flake attended the event. Trump complained repeatedly about the “one vote” that stopped the Senate from repealing and replacing Obamacare, the signature domestic policy of his predecessor, Barack Obama. “One vote away. I will not mention any names - very presidential. And nobody wants me to mention your other senator, who’s weak on border, weak on crime. Nobody knows who the hell he is! See, I haven’t mentioned any names, so now everybody’s happy,” he said. The White House had said earlier when asked about Arpaio that “there will be no discussion of that today.”  That did not stop Trump from raising the subject. “Do the people in this room like Sheriff Joe?” Trump asked, sparking loud applause and a chant of “Pardon Joe!” “Was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing his job?” Trump asked, before predicting that Arpaio would be just fine. “I won’t do it tonight because I don’t want to cause any controversy. But Sheriff Joe can feel good,” he said. Trump drew broad criticism for blaming both white nationalists and counter-protesters for the deadly violence at the Charlottesville rally, which was organized by neo-Nazis and white supremacists. One woman was killed. He mocked left-wing protesters in his speech. Protesters outside Tuesday’s rally yelled: “Shame, shame, shame” and “No Trump, No KKK, No fascist USA” as the Trump supporters began filing into the Phoenix Convention Center. Supporters, who lined up for hours in the Arizona heat ahead of the event, chanted: “Build the wall.” Many wore red hats with Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again.”  Trump has held a series of 2020 re-election campaign stops despite only having taken office in January.  Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton, a Democrat, had asked him to postpone Tuesday’s event while the nation healed from outrage and division after the deadly rally in Charlottesville. A heavy police presence was deployed around the Phoenix venue for Trump’s first trip as president to Arizona, which he won in the 2016 election. ",1
2055,"No U.S.-Russia cyber unit without Trump notifying Congress, bill says","(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump would be required to notify U.S. lawmakers before creating a joint U.S.-Russia cyber security unit - an idea that has drawn criticism across the political spectrum - under legislation advancing in Congress.  The proposal, if it became law, would be the latest in a series of maneuvers by Congress that either limit the president’s authority on Russia matters or rebuke his desire to warm relations with Moscow. A provision contained within the annual Intelligence Authorization Act and passed by the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee 14-1 would require the Trump administration to provide Congress with a report describing what intelligence would be shared with Russia, any counterintelligence concerns and how those concerns would be addressed. The bill, which grants congressional approval for clandestine operations carried out by the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies, passed the Senate Intelligence Committee in July, but its text was only recently made public because it involves sensitive intelligence operations.     Trump last month said on Twitter that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin had discussed establishing “an impenetrable Cyber Security unit” to address issues like the risk of cyber meddling in elections. Trump quickly backpedaled on the idea, which was criticized by Democrats, senior Republicans and the National Security Agency director. The White House and Senator Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the intelligence panel, were not immediately available for comment on the bill. Trump wants to improve relations with Russia, a desire that has been hamstrung by the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election to help Republican Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton.  U.S. congressional panels and a special counsel are investigating the interference and possible collusion between Russia and members of Trump’s campaign. Moscow has denied any meddling and Trump has denied any collusion. Previously, Congress tied the president’s hands on Russia by passing a bill that Trump cannot ease the sanctions against Russia unless he seeks congressional approval. In August, the Senate blocked Trump from being able to make recess appointments while lawmakers were on break, fearing the president would fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions over his handling of the Russian probe. Lawmakers have also introduced legislation to stop Trump from having the ability to fire Robert Mueller, the special counsel appointed to determine whether there was collusion between Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Moscow. The annual Intelligence Authorization Act requires approval by the full Senate and House and the president’s signature before it can become law. No vote has been scheduled and the last act was passed by Congress in March.  The legislation’s provision requiring notification of any U.S.-Russia cybersecurity unit was pushed by Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, his office said on Tuesday. Wyden also helped secure provisions in the bill that call for an intelligence report assessing the threat posed to the United States by Russian money laundering and another report examining whether cyber vulnerabilities in U.S. cell networks, including a known bug in the global mobile network Signaling System No. 7, or SS7, are being exploited by foreign governments to conduct surveillance on Americans. Wyden was the lone committee vote against the bill, however.  He said in a statement on Tuesday that he objected to language that identified the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks as a “non-state hostile intelligence service” because doing so could have implications for journalists. (This version of the story was refiled to correct “conclusion” to “collusion” in paragraph 9) ",1
2056,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 22) - Virginia, U.S. Navy","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong! [0646 EDT] - We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families. [1515 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2057,"Exclusive: Trump's Afghan decision may increase U.S. air power, training","ON BOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force may intensify its strikes in Afghanistan and expand training of the Afghan air force following President Donald Trump’s decision to forge ahead with the 16-year-old war, its top general told Reuters on Tuesday. Air Force Chief of Staff General David Goldfein said, however, he was still examining the matter, as the U.S. military’s top brass had only begun the process of translating Trump’s war strategy into action. Asked whether the Air Force would dedicate more assets to Afghanistan, where the United States has been engaged in its longest military conflict, Goldfein said only: “Possibly.”  “It’s actually too early to tell what this will mean in terms of plus-ups and reductions,” he said in a joint interview with Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson. Still, he acknowledged that the Air Force was “absolutely” examining the possibility of increasing air power, including to support U.S. ground forces, following Trump’s promise of a stepped-up campaign against Taliban insurgents, who have gained ground against U.S.-backed Afghan government forces.  Goldfein said the same about providing training to Afghan pilots. Wilson, who assumed the Air Force’s top civilian job three months ago, noted the Afghan military had made strides thanks to U.S. training and equipment, but added: “I think there is a long way to go there, very honestly.”  In a speech on Monday night, Trump appeared to answer a call from the top U.S. commander on the ground for thousands of more troops to break a stalemate with Taliban insurgents, on top of the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. Trump said the United States would not disclose troop numbers, but one U.S. official told Reuters they could start moving quickly. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday he would set troop levels following the review by military chiefs. During the administration of Trump’s predecessor, Barack Obama, U.S. military officials privately expressed frustration about their inability to strike at many Taliban targets - including training camps -  unless they could show a direct threat to U.S. forces or major impact on the Afghan state. Wilson said Trump appeared to be giving greater flexibility to strike insurgents.    “Obviously the Joint Chiefs will work through their plans and make proposals, but I think the guidance was pretty clear from the president last night, and we’re going to go on the offensive and destroy these terrorist networks,” Wilson said.  Goldfein said: “I thought that came out very loud and clear in the speech that that’s his priority.” Wilson and Goldfein spoke to Reuters while flying back to the United States after a nine-day trip that included a visit to Afghanistan, where the U.S. military has ramped up its firepower against Islamic State in recent months even as it helps Afghan forces battle the Taliban.   Particularly for the U.S. Air Force, the size of the American commitment to Afghanistan far outweighs the number of airmen deployed there. A network of U.S. installations throughout the Middle East supports the Afghan campaign, including in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.  Still, any substantial increase in U.S. targeting of the Taliban and Islamic State militants would likely require dedicating more U.S. military assets to build intelligence, strike insurgent targets and provide support to U.S. forces in the field. Although the U.S. military is stretched, a string of U.S. coalition-backed victories by Iraqi forces against Islamic State might free up some firepower and intelligence assets for Afghanistan, experts say. Air Force spokesman Brigadier General Edward Thomas declined to speculate on operational planning. But he noted that U.S. air power from the region could be deployed, if needed, including fighter aircraft, bombers and spy planes.    “With the detailed planning that will follow the president’s announcement, the Air Force will be ready to swing any additional airmen and aircraft to the fight as required,”  Thomas said.  Trump ran for the presidency calling for a swift U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan, which the United States invaded in October 2001, and he acknowledged on Monday that he was going against his instincts in approving the new campaign plan sought by his military advisers. Wilson said Trump’s remarks represented a “strategic correction” in the war effort along with a significant shift in policy on Pakistan. In his speech, Trump delivered a sharp rebuke to Islamabad for allowing Taliban insurgents a safe haven from which launch attacks in Afghanistan, and said it had “much to lose” unless it changed course. Pakistan denies that it harbors militants fighting U.S. and Afghan government forces in Afghanistan. Reuters has reported that the United States has been considering a range of actions, including withholding aid to Pakistan and, perhaps, ramping up drone strikes. Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan, and the U.S. military has been dependent in the past on overflight or land routes through Pakistan to resupply its forces in landlocked Afghanistan.   Wilson did not rule out a future U.S. military role against militants in Pakistan should Islamabad fail to act, but she said Trump’s focus appeared to be on diplomatic efforts for now.  “My assumption is that there will be some intense diplomatic pressure,” she said. Goldfein said he was not aware of any changes to U.S.-Pakistani military ties, but acknowledged the military would take its cues from the State Department. “I can tell you that I have a fairly robust dialogue with the Pakistani air chief. I’ve hosted him. He’s hosted me,” Goldfein said. “But that dialogue is always supportive of the diplomatic dialogue.”  ",1
2058,U.S. puts more pressure on Pakistan to help with Afghan war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States suggested on Tuesday it could cut U.S. aid to Pakistan or downgrade Islamabad’s status as a major non-NATO ally to pressure the South Asian nation to do more to help it with the war in Afghanistan. A day after President Donald Trump committed to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan and singled out Pakistan for harboring Afghan Taliban insurgents and other militants, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington’s relationship with Pakistan would depend on its help against terrorism. “We are going to be conditioning our support for Pakistan and our relationship with them on them delivering results in this area,” Tillerson told reporters.  U.S. officials are frustrated by what they see as Pakistan’s reluctance to act against groups such as the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network that they believe exploit safe haven on Pakistani soil to launch attacks on neighboring Afghanistan. Pakistan denies it harbors militants fighting U.S. and Afghan government forces in Afghanistan. Tillerson said the United States could consider withdrawing Pakistan’s status as a major non-NATO ally, which provides limited benefits such as giving Pakistan faster access to surplus U.S. military hardware, if cooperation did not improve. “We have some leverage that’s been discussed in terms of the amount of aid and military assistance we give them, their status as non-NATO alliance partner - all of that can be put on the table,” he said. In a televised speech on Monday offering few specifics, Trump promised a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground against the U.S.-backed Afghan government and he singled out Pakistan for harboring militants. U.S.-backed Afghan forces overthrew the Taliban’s hard-line Islamist government in late 2001 because it sheltered al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, architect of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington that year.  U.S. forces have been bogged down since in a war that has vexed three American presidents. About 2,400 U.S. troops have died there in America’s longest military conflict.   (For a graphic on U.S. troops and contractors in Afghanistan click tmsnrt.rs/2xm6CxQ)  The Afghan government welcomed Trump’s speech, but the Taliban said it would make the country a “graveyard for the American empire.”     Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan, which has a porous border with Afghanistan. Washington fumes about inaction against the Taliban, but Pakistan has cooperated on other U.S. counterterrorism efforts, including against al Qaeda and Islamic State militants. The Pakistani Foreign Ministry said it was “disappointing that the US policy statement ignores the enormous sacrifices rendered by the Pakistani nation” in fighting terrorism.  “As a matter of policy, Pakistan does not allow use of its territory against any country,” it said.      A senior U.S. official said on Tuesday significant measures were under consideration, including possibly sanctioning Pakistani officials with ties to extremist organizations. Trump also called for Pakistan’s great rival India to play a bigger role in Afghanistan, a prospect that will ring alarm bells for Pakistan’s generals.     “Trump’s policy of engaging India and threatening action may actually constrain Pakistan and lead to the opposite of what he wants,” said Zahid Hussain, a Pakistani security analyst. The United States has little choice but to use Pakistani roads and air corridors to resupply its troops in landlocked Afghanistan, giving Islamabad considerable leverage. U.S. officials fret that if Pakistan becomes an active foe, it could further destabilize Afghanistan and endanger U.S. soldiers.     Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday he was awaiting a plan from the U.S. military’s chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Dunford, before deciding how many more troops to send to Afghanistan. “When he brings that to me, I will determine how many more we need to send in,” Mattis told reporters in Baghdad. “It may or may not be the number that is bandied about.” U.S. officials have said Trump has given Mattis authority to send about 4,000 additional troops to add to the roughly 8,400 already in Afghanistan. The U.S. Air Force may intensify its strikes in Afghanistan and expand training of the Afghan air force following Trump’s decision, its top general told Reuters on Tuesday. Most U.S. troops in Afghanistan work with a NATO-led training and advising mission, with the rest part of a counterterrorism force that mostly targets pockets of al Qaeda and Islamic State fighters. ",1
2059,Rolling back Taliban grip on Afghan territory key aim of Trump plan: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rolling back territorial gains by the Taliban and strengthening the Afghanistan army’s ability to fight will be two key objectives of President Donald Trump’s new strategy for the country, a senior administration official said on Tuesday. Trump, in a televised speech on Monday, promised a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground against the U.S.-backed Afghan government. In outlining his strategy to give the U.S. military more authority to make battlefield decisions, Trump did not provide a timetable for determining whether the mission is a success or how commanders would be able to judge progress. The senior administration official said, however, that one general measure of progress was assessing how much and what territory is controlled by the Afghan government or by the Taliban and other extremist groups such as Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate. “It’s also the estimated number of fighters, the presence of al Qaeda and ISIS, how strong are they, how many fighters do they have, how are their training camps, what are their finance networks like,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Also key will be the effectiveness of the Afghan army and whether U.S.-led armed forces can help it seize control of some territory held by the Taliban, the official added.  Trump, who was reluctant to approve a deeper engagement in Afghanistan after 16 years of war, wanted to keep a close eye on whether progress is being made, the official said. “I think we’re going to be taking the temperature continuously,” the official said. “I don’t think we expect to see any real gains materialize for at least six months. But from that point on, it’s going to be something that we essentially never stop evaluating.” U.S.-backed Afghan forces overthrew the Taliban’s hard-line Islamist government in late 2001 because it sheltered al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, architect of the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington that year.  U.S. forces have been bogged down since in a war that has vexed three American presidents. About 2,400 U.S. troops have died there in America’s longest military conflict.    Three U.S. officials said on Tuesday the administration had yet to settle on specific metrics to measure progress in Afghanistan and assess the contributions of the Afghan government, Pakistan, India and America’s NATO allies. One of the officials said there was no point “in setting specific targets, much less making them public, because that would risk making our partners think that once they had met those marks, they didn’t have to do more.” “What we’re after is a progressive process,” the official said, “so for example the Afghan security forces keep improving their capabilities until they don’t need us anymore, the government in Kabul keeps improving its record on eliminating corruption and improving local, regional and national governance.” But Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, struck a critical tone on Tuesday. “While a ‘conditions based’ approach is appealing to military leaders because it gives the Taliban less certainty about how long it will take to wait us out, it also diminishes pressure on the Afghan government to reform itself and give the Afghan people something worth fighting for, since it indicates a willingness to bail them out indefinitely,” Schiff said in a statement. ",1
2060,U.S. Justice Dept seeks to scale back scope of warrant on anti-Trump site,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is scaling back its request to obtain a broad swath of data in connection with an anti-Trump website, after critics accused the department of trampling the free speech rights of political dissidents. The U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia had previously issued a broader search warrant in July to DreamHost, a Los Angeles-based web hosting company, to obtain data about visitors to website disruptj20.org. Disruptj20 is home to a coalition of political activists who organized disruptive protests during President Donald Trump’s inauguration.  The Justice Department said it sought the records connected to the site amid concerns that it helped facilitate the planning of violent riots on Inauguration Day in which more than 200 people were arrested for rioting and vandalizing businesses in downtown Washington. DreamHost resisted the request, saying the scope of the warrant was too broad and trampled on the rights of 1.3 million visitors to the site, many of whom were simply exercising their First Amendment rights to express their political views. The Justice Department on Tuesday proposed amending the scope of its warrant in a filing with the Superior Court of the District of Columbia Criminal Division, which is slated to hold a hearing over the dispute on Thursday morning. “The warrant - like the criminal investigation - is singularly focused on criminal activity. It will not be used for any other purpose,” it wrote.  “The government has no interest in records relating to the 1.3 million IP addresses that are mentioned in DreamHost’s numerous press releases and opposition brief.” The department proposed asking the court to amend the warrant, and said that DreamHost “should not disclose the contents of unpublished draft publications” or “HTTP request and error logs.” An attorney for DreamHost called the Justice Department’s action “a tremendous win for DreamHost, its users and the public.” But in a statement, DreamHost counsel Raymond Aghaian added: “There remains, unfortunately, other privacy and First and Fourth Amendment issues with the search warrant, which we will address in a separate filing and at the hearing Thursday morning.”",1
2061,White House says some members of infrastructure advisory council resign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some members of a White House infrastructure advisory council have resigned, the White House said on Tuesday, days after President Donald Trump’s response to violence at a rally by white nationalists in Virginia prompted business leaders and cultural figures to quit other panels in protest. Trump last week disbanded two business advisory councils after several chief executives resigned in protest over his remarks blaming the violence on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists. In a statement on Tuesday, the White House did not give a reason for the resignations from the National Infrastructure Advisory Council and said the panel met on Tuesday with the majority of its members. It did not specify how many members quit. “We can confirm that a number of members of the NIAC who had been appointed under the previous administration have submitted their resignation,” the statement said. Trump, commenting on the Aug. 12 rally organized by neo-Nazis and other white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a woman was killed when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, said last week that there were “very fine people” on both sides. Trump dissolved the American Manufacturing Council and the Strategic and Policy Forum on Aug. 16. Sixteen members of the President’s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities also resigned on Friday in protest. ",1
2062,Treasury secretary's wife apologizes for Instagram sniping,"(Reuters) - The wife of U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on Tuesday apologized for sniping at a critic on social media site Instagram who called her “deplorable” for a post highlighting her expensive clothing as she exited a government plane. The flap erupted after Mnuchin’s wife, Scottish-born actress Louise Linton, posted a photo of herself emerging from the aircraft wearing a white outfit and sunglasses, using the hashtags “#tomford,” “#hermesscarf” and “#valentino,” according to images of the Monday evening post on social media. In her initially vitriolic response to the “deplorable” criticism, Linton had lashed out about how much she and her husband contribute to the economy and pay in taxes.  On Tuesday, she scrolled back. “I apologize for my post on social media yesterday as well as my response. It was inappropriate and highly insensitive,” Linton said in a statement released through a publicist. Linton has since made her Instagram account private. Jenni Miller, who identified herself as a mother of three from Portland, Oregon, had said of Linton’s original post on Instagram: “Glad we could pay for your little getaway. #deplorable.”  Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during her unsuccessful presidential run that some of U.S. President Donald Trump’s supporters were a “basket of deplorables.” Linton shot back at Miller. “Do you think the US govt paid for our honeymoon or personal travel?! Lololol,” she said, according to images of the response posted online. “Have you given more to the economy than me and my husband? Either as an individual earner in taxes OR in self sacrifice to your country? I’m pretty sure we paid more taxes toward our day ‘trip’ than you did.” The U.S. Treasury did not respond to requests for comment. The high-end fashions Linton called out in her post carry hefty price tags, with Hermes scarves retailing from $300 to more than $2,300. Mnuchin is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) executive and Hollywood film financier. Linton has been at the center of controversy before. Last year she withdrew a self-published book in which she claimed to have been caught up in violence in Zambia. African leaders and aid workers said the book was filled with factual errors. Trump ran on a populist campaign platform, vowing to improve the lives of working Americans and has surrounded himself with a cabinet heavy on corporate titans, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), and financier Wilbur Ross, now the commerce secretary. ",1
2063,Fujifilm unit wins $768 million defense contract: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fujifilm Medical Systems U.S.A. Inc, a unit of Fujifilm Holdings Corp, has been awarded a $768 million contract for digital imaging network picture archiving communications system products and maintenance, the Pentagon said on Tuesday. ",1
2064,"As tax debate heats up, Republicans tweak business interest plan","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans, seeking to address the complaints of small businesses, are floating changes to their controversial proposal to eliminate business tax deductions for debt interest payments, business lobbyists said on Tuesday.  A top U.S. Republican on tax policy acknowledged that modifications are in the works, but did not provide details. The debt interest proposal, long seen by Republican policymakers as necessary to help drive economic growth, is backed by large companies with ready access to equity financing that they could substitute for debt if eliminating the interest deduction made issuing debt too costly. Debt-dependent small business owners, farmers and ranchers don’t have that luxury. As Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration slog ahead with a push to overhaul the U.S. tax code, a key task is figuring out how to resolve conflicting groups’ priorities, with business debt interest a clear example. The tax code has not been overhauled since 1986, partly because reconciling these conflicts can be so difficult. “We’ve asked businesses large and small to look at that, test drive it and give us back their feedback,” House of Representatives tax committee Chairman Kevin Brady said in remarks at an event in Louisville, Kentucky on Tuesday, without offering specifics about the modified proposal. His staff at the committee had no comment. Businesses lobbyists said the panel’s lawmakers have quietly agreed to focus on exemptions for small businesses, including farmers and ranchers, and an exemption for land. Lawmakers have also discussed a possible partial elimination of the interest deduction, with an exemption for existing debt, or eliminating the deduction only for businesses deemed to have an excessive amount of debt, according to lobbyists.    Brady is one of the “Big Six” negotiators from Congress and the Trump administration who are guiding the tax reform debate. At the Louisville event, he described rolling back the business interest deduction as a “trade-off” for another proposal to accelerate expensing, which would allow businesses to write off investments in plants and equipment more quickly. He said net interest deduction is one of a number of tax breaks that lawmakers are looking to eliminate to help pay for lower business tax rates. Republicans say tax cuts will help drive annual U.S. economic growth above the 3 percent mark.  Independent analysts say that eliminating the interest deduction would raise more than $1 trillion in federal revenues.  Republicans want to cut the corporate income tax rate to 20-25 percent from 35 percent. But they have been hard-pressed to pay for such a cut since jettisoning a border adjusted import tax that would have raised more than $1 trillion. ",1
2065,"Trump talks tough on Pakistan's 'terrorist' havens, but options scarce","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Outlining a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, U.S. President Donald Trump chastised Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants - an approach analysts say will probably not change Pakistan’s strategic calculations and might push it in directions Washington does not want it to go. Trump’s call for India to play a greater role in Afghanistan, in particular, will ring alarm bells for Pakistan’s generals, analysts said. “Trump’s policy of engaging India and threatening action may actually constrain Pakistan and lead to the opposite of what he wants,” said Zahid Hussain, a Pakistani security analyst. Trump criticised Pakistan for providing “safe havens to terrorist organisations” and warned Islamabad it had much to lose by supporting insurgents battling the U.S.-backed Kabul government. “It is kind of putting Pakistan on notice,” said Rustam Shah Mohman, Pakistan’s former ambassador to Kabul, predicting a bumpy road ahead for relations. Trump did resist some advisers’ calls to threaten to declare Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism unless Islamabad pursued senior leaders of the Afghan Taliban and the allied Haqqani network. “Pakistan should not be reassured by this speech, but it could have gone a lot worse for them,” said Joshua White, a National Security Council director under former President Barack Obama.  “There were voices within the administration who wanted to move more quickly and aggressively to declare Pakistan not just a problem, but effectively an enemy.” In Washington, a senior administration official said on Tuesday that significant measures were under consideration, including possibly sanctioning Pakistani officials with ties to extremist organizations. The official spoke on condition of anonymity. Pakistan’s powerful military has not commented on Trump’s speech, but the day before it denied any militants had havens in the country.     The Pakistani government said Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif met with the U.S. ambassador on Tuesday and would speak in coming days with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson “on the state of play in the bilateral relationship as well as the new U.S. policy on South Asia”.  Successive U.S. administrations have struggled with how to deal with nuclear-armed Pakistan. Washington fumes about inaction against the Taliban, but Pakistan has been helpful on other counterterrorism efforts, including against al Qaeda and Islamic State militants. The United States also has no choice but to use Pakistani roads to resupply its troops in landlocked Afghanistan. U.S. officials worry that if Pakistan becomes an active foe, it could further destabilise Afghanistan and endanger U.S. soldiers. Daniel Feldman, a special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan under Obama, said the Obama administration found it more effective to pressure Islamabad over safe havens “in private than in public, and to keep the long-standing Indo-Pak rivalry from playing out in Afghanistan”. Hussain, the security analyst, said Trump on Monday “crossed a red line” as far as Pakistan was concerned when he implored India to deepen its involvement in Afghanistan. Relations between Pakistan and the United States have endured strain during the 16-year war in Afghanistan, especially after al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. special forces inside Pakistan in 2011.   The Obama administration had already begun trimming military aid to Pakistan. Last year, the Pentagon decided not to pay $300 million in pledged military funding, and Congress effectively blocked a subsidised sale of F-16 jets to Pakistan. Analysts say Trump is likely to further curtail military aid  to pressure Pakistan. But any effort to isolate Pakistan would face problems from China, which has deepened political and military ties to Islamabad as it invested nearly $60 billion in infrastructure in Pakistan. China on Tuesday defended Pakistan after Trump’s remarks, saying its neighbour was on the front line in the struggle against terrorism and had made “great sacrifices” and “important contributions” in the fight. Mohman, the former ambassador, said if the United States kept putting pressure on Pakistan, then Islamabad would drift farther from the American sphere of influence. “We have options,” he said. “We can go to China and Russia, and I think the U.S. can’t afford that.”  ",1
2066,Troops make progress in Tal Afar battle as U.S. defense secretary visits Iraq,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Government forces breached the city limits of Tal Afar in northwestern Iraq on Tuesday on the third day of a U.S.-backed offensive to seize it back from Islamic State militants. Tal Afar, a longtime Islamic State stronghold, is the latest objective in the war following the recapture of Mosul after a nine-month campaign that left much of that city in ruins. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, speaking just before arriving in Iraq on Tuesday, said the fight against IS was far from over despite recent successes by the Western-backed government. The Sunni Muslim jihadists remain in control of territory in western Iraq and eastern Syria. On Tuesday, however, army and counter-terrorism units broke into Tal Afar from the eastern and southern sides, the Iraqi joint operations command said. About three quarters of the city remain under militant control, including the Ottoman-era citadel in its center, according to an operational map published by the Iraqi military.    The main forces involved are the Iraqi army, air force, Federal Police, the U.S.-trained Counter Terrorism Service (CTS), as well as units from the Shi’ite Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), who began encircling the city on Sunday.  Located 80 km (50 miles) west of Mosul, Tal Afar is strategic as it lies along the supply route between Mosul and Syria. It has produced some of IS’s most senior commanders and was cut off from the rest of IS-held territory in June.    Up to 2,000 battle-hardened militants remain in Tal Afar, according to U.S. and Iraqi military commanders. “ISIS’ days are certainly numbered, but it is not over yet and it is not going to be over anytime soon,” Mattis told reporters in Amman.  As was the case with the battle for Mosul, aid organizations groups are concerned about the plight of civilians in Tal Afar. U.S. Brigadier General Andrew Croft, chief of coalition air operations over Iraq, said between 10,000 and 20,000 civilians remained in Tal Afar. Up to 20,000 are thought to remain in the surrounding areas, but aid agencies say these are just estimates as they have been without access to Tal Afar since 2014.  Waves of civilians have fled the city and villages under cover of darkness over the past few weeks. Those remaining are threatened with death by the militants, who have held a tight grip there since 2014. About 30,000 have fled Tal Afar since April, according to the United Nations. In Geneva, the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said those fleeing this week were suffering from dehydration and exhaustion, having lived off unclean water and bread for the past three to four months.  “Many talk of seeing dead bodies along the way, and there are reports that some were killed by extremist groups,” UNHCR spokesman Andrej Mahecic said. “Others appear to have died due to dehydration or illnesses.”  People were also arriving at camps with wounds from sniper fire and exploding mines, he said. Several thousand civilians are believed to have been killed in the battle for Mosul, where Islamic State tried to keep them in areas it controlled to act as human shields against air strikes and artillery bombardments. Defense Secretary Mattis met Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Defence Minister Arfan al-Hayali in Baghdad to discuss the role of U.S. forces in Iraq after the recapture of the remaining cities under Islamic State. ‘’There are plans under consideration... that will look at residual presence in the future,” Lt. General Steve Townsend, the U.S.-led coalition’s commanding general, told reporters in a joint press briefing with Mattis. Croft said that over the past two or three months, he had seen a fracturing in the Islamic State leadership. “It just seems less coordinated. It appears more fractured, less robust, and sort of flimsy, is the word I would use... it is sporadic,” Croft told reporters.  Islamic State leaders fled Mosul during the fighting there and the whereabouts of its chief, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, are unknown. Unconfirmed reports in the past few months have said he  is dead.   U.S. officials said that while big cities like Mosul have largely been cleared of Islamic State militants, there were concerns about the ability of Iraqi forces to hold territory. Pockets of resistance remained in west Mosul, including sleeper cells, Mattis said. Islamic State is also on the back foot in Syria, where Kurdish and Arab militias backed by the U.S.-led coalition have captured swathes of its territory in the north and are assaulting its main Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. McGurk said about 2,000 Islamic State fighters remained in Raqqa and as much as 60 percent of the city had been retaken. The jihadist group is now falling back deeper into the Euphrates valley region of eastern Syria. Mattis said the next step for forces fighting Islamic State in Syria would be a move against the middle Euphrates valley, a reference to the militants’ stronghold in Deir al-Zor province southeast of Raqqa. A U.S. official also said Mattis would press Massoud Barzani, president of the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government, to call off a planned referendum on independence. Iraq’s Kurds have said they will hold the referendum on Sept. 25 despite concerns from Iraq’s neighbors who have Kurdish minorities within their borders and a U.S. request to postpone it. However, a senior Kurdish official said the Kurds may consider the possibility of a delay in return for financial and political concessions from the central government in Baghdad. The United States and other Western nations fear the vote could ignite a new conflict with Baghdad and possibly neighboring countries, diverting attention from the ongoing war against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. For a graphic on the map of Iraq conflict, click: here ",1
2067,Iraqi forces breach Islamic State stronghold Tal Afar: statement,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces breached on Tuesday the city limits of Tal Afar, an Islamic State stronghold west of Mosul, military authorities said. Army and counter terrorism units broke into the city from the eastern and southern sides, according to statements from the Iraqi joint operations command.  Security forces launched an offensive to take back the city on Sunday, their latest objective in a U.S.-backed campaign to defeat the Sunni Muslim jihadists, who remain in control of territory in western Iraq and eastern Syria.  ",1
2068,Mattis: not decided on number of extra U.S. troops for Afghanistan,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis said on Tuesday he was waiting for a plan from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that follows President Donald Trump’s South Asia strategy before he makes a decision on how many additional troops to send to Afghanistan. “When he brings that to me, I will determine how many more we need to send in,” Mattis told reporters during a visit to Baghdad. “It may or may not the number that is bandied about.” U.S. officials have said Trump has given Mattis the authority to send about 4,000 additional troops to add to the roughly 8,400 already in Afghanistan. In a speech on Monday, Trump offered few specifics but promised a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents who have gained ground against U.S-backed government forces in Afghanistan. “We are not nation-building. We are killing terrorists,” he said in a prime-time televised address at a military base outside Washington. Trump also singled out Pakistan for harboring militants. Mattis said lessons learned from fighting Islamic State in Iraq would be used in Afghanistan.  When asked how Trump’s strategy would differ from those of previous administrations, he said the approach would be broader but provided no specifics. “There is a broader approach to this and it all comes down to the execution and we will have to stand and deliver on this. ... I understand the question, you’ll just have to watch it unfold to really get the answer to it,” Mattis said. U.S. officials have told Reuters in the past that possible  Trump administration responses included expanding U.S. drone strikes, redirecting or withholding some aid to Pakistan and downgrading Pakistan’s status as a major non-NATO ally. Experts say that for years U.S. efforts to curb Pakistan’s support for militant groups have failed and that further strengthening U.S. ties to India, Pakistan’s arch-enemy, undermine chances of a breakthrough with Islamabad. “(Trump) demanded strategic shifts in Pakistan without credible carrots or sticks while utterly ignoring the rest of the major regional players like China, Iran and Russia that back Pakistan’s approach,” said Sameer Lalwani, a senior associate at the Stimson Center think tank. ",1
2069,Germany not first in line to send more troops to Afghanistan: minister,"ECKERNFOERDE, Germany (Reuters) - Germany will not immediately send more troops to Afghanistan in response to U.S. President Donald Trump’s request for more backing as it increased its presence last year at a time when others were cutting, the defense minister said. Ursula von der Leyen welcomed Trump’s commitment to continuing the U.S. mission, but said Germany would not be among the first nations to contribute more. “We increased our troop numbers by 18 percent last year when others were cutting theirs,” she said during a visit to a submarine base in north Germany on Tuesday. “So we don’t see ourselves in the front row of people who should be asked for more soldiers.” Having run for the White House last year on a pledge to withdraw swiftly from Afghanistan, Trump reversed course on Monday and promised a stepped-up military campaign against Taliban insurgents, saying: “Our troops will fight to win”. U.S. officials said he had signed off on plans to send about 4,000 more U.S. troops to add to the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. ",1
2070,'Fully committed' NATO backs new U.S. approach on Afghanistan,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO allies on Tuesday welcomed President Donald Trump’s decision to commit more forces to Afghanistan, as part of a new U.S. strategy he said would require more troops and funding from America’s partners. Having run for the White House last year on a pledge to withdraw swiftly from Afghanistan, Trump reversed course on Monday and promised a stepped-up military campaign against  Taliban insurgents, saying: “Our troops will fight to win”.  U.S. officials said he had signed off on plans to send about 4,000 more U.S. troops to add to the roughly 8,400 now deployed in Afghanistan. But his speech did not define benchmarks for successfully ending the war that began with the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, and which he acknowledged had required an  “extraordinary sacrifice of blood and treasure”. “We will ask our NATO allies and global partners to support our new strategy, with additional troops and funding increases in line with our own. We are confident they will,” Trump said. That comment signaled he would further increase pressure on U.S. partners who have already been jolted by his repeated demands to step up their contributions to NATO and his description of the alliance as “obsolete” - even though, since taking office, he has said this is no longer the case. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said in a statement: “NATO remains fully committed to Afghanistan and I am looking forward to discussing the way ahead with (Defense) Secretary (James) Mattis and our Allies and international partners.” NATO has 12,000 troops in Afghanistan, and 15 countries have pledged more, Stoltenberg said. Britain, a leading NATO member, called the U.S. commitment “very welcome”. “In my call with Secretary Mattis yesterday we agreed that despite the challenges, we have to stay the course in Afghanistan to help build up its fragile democracy and reduce the terrorist threat to the West,” Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said. Germany, which has borne the brunt of Trump’s criticism over  the scale of its defense spending, also welcomed the new U.S. plan. “Our continued commitment is necessary on the path to stabilizing the country,” a government spokeswoman said. In June, European allies had already pledged more troops but had not given details on numbers, waiting for the Trump administration to outline its strategy for the region.Nearly 16 years after the U.S.-led invasion - a response to the Sept. 11 attacks which were planned by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden from Afghanistan - the country is still struggling with weak central government and a Taliban insurgency. Trump said he shared the frustration of the American people who were “weary of war without victory”, but a hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum for groups like Islamic State and al Qaeda to fill. ",1
2071,Russia thinks Trump's new Afghan strategy will not bring benefits: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia does not believe that U.S. President Donald Trump’s new strategy on Afghanistan will lead to any significant positive changes in the country, the Interfax news agency cited an unnamed Russian Foreign Ministry source as saying on Tuesday. Trump on Monday committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan, reversing course from his campaign pledges and signaling he would send troops to America’s longest war in “a fight to win.”  ",1
2072,China defends ally Pakistan after Trump criticism,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China defended its ally Pakistan on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States could no longer be silent about Pakistan’s “safe havens” for militants and warned it had much to lose by continuing to “harbor terrorists”. Trump on Monday committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan, signaling he would dispatch more troops to America’s longest war and vowing “a fight to win”. Trump insisted that others - the Afghan government, Pakistan, India and NATO allies - step up their own commitment to resolving the 16-year conflict, but he saved his sharpest words for Pakistan. Senior U.S. officials warned security assistance for Pakistan could be reduced unless the nuclear-armed nation cooperated more in preventing militants from using safe havens on its soil. Critics say Pakistan sees militants such as the Taliban as useful tools to limit the influence of old rival India. Pakistan denies allowing militants refuge on its territory, saying it takes action against all groups. Asked about Trump’s speech, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Pakistan was on the front line in the struggle against terrorism and had made “great sacrifices” and “important contributions” in the fight. “We believe that the international community should fully recognize Pakistan’s anti-terrorism,” she told a daily news briefing. “We are happy to see Pakistan and the United States carry out anti-terror cooperation on the basis of mutual respect, and work together for security and stability in the region and world.”  China and Pakistan consider each other “all-weather friends” and have close diplomatic, economic and security ties. China has its own security concerns in the region, in particular any links between militants in Pakistan and Afghanistan and Islamist groups China blames for violence in its far western region of Xinjiang. “We hope the relevant U.S. policies can help promote the security, stability and development of Afghanistan and the region,” Hua said. ",1
2073,Afghan president 'grateful' for Trump's commitment to fighting Taliban,"KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan leader Ashraf Ghani on Tuesday welcomed U.S. President Donald Trump’s new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, which would remove timelines for withdrawal of remaining foreign troops. “I am grateful to President Trump and the American people for this affirmation of support ... for our joint struggle to rid the region from the threat of terrorism,” Ghani said in a statement. Ghani said the new strategy would increase the capacity of the training mission for Afghan national security forces, including enhancing its fledgling air force and doubling the size of the Afghan special forces. ",1
2074,Britain welcomes Trump's renewed commitment to Afghanistan,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain on Tuesday welcomed a commitment by U.S. President Donald Trump to step up the military campaign against Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan. President Trump committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan on Monday night, reversing course from his campaign pledges. Britain along with other European allies pledged more troops to support Afghanistan’s military in June, with U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis saying at the time that troop numbers in the country had been reduced too rapidly.     “The U.S. commitment is very welcome,” British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said in a statement.   “In my call with Secretary Mattis yesterday we agreed that despite the challenges, we have to stay the course in Afghanistan to help build up its fragile democracy and reduce the terrorist threat to the West.  “It’s in all our interests that Afghanistan becomes more prosperous and safer: that’s why we ‎announced our own troop increase back in June.” ",1
2075,"Taliban condemn Trump's decision on Afghanistan war, vow 'jihad' will go on","KABUL (Reuters) - A spokesman for the Afghan Taliban condemned on Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump’s announcement that he will keep American troops in Afghanistan with no set timetable for withdrawal. “Instead of continuing of war in Afghanistan, Americans should have thought about withdrawing their soldiers from Afghanistan,” Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said in a statement issued hours after Trump’s televised speech on U.S. policy in Afghanistan and South Asia. Mujahid said “as long as there is even one American solder in our country”, the Islamist insurgents would “continue our jihad”. ",1
2076,"Despite expected U.S. troop hike, no end in sight to Afghan war","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - While President Donald Trump opened the door on Monday to beefing up U.S. forces in Afghanistan, he provided few details on how sending more troops will hasten a conclusion to America’s longest war. “There is no quick fix to this problem,” said Bill Roggio, an insurgency expert with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a Washington-based policy institute, speaking before Trump’s speech. “Things will continue looking bleak for some time.” In his approximately 30-minute nationally televised address, Trump said he would “expand authority” for U.S. commanders to target militant networks that “sow violence and chaos throughout Afghanistan.”   That paves the way to an increase in the 8,400 U.S. troop level in Afghanistan and broader rules of engagement as part of his plan to end a military conflict that began in 2001, U.S. officials said. But he declined to say how many more U.S. soldiers will be deployed or how long the U.S. force will be there. “Conditions on the ground, not arbitrary timetables” would guide the duration of U.S. military involvement, he said. His effective embrace of an open-ended U.S. deployment contrasts with the expectations of his political base that he would extract the United States from a war estimated to have cost more than $700 billion and claimed the lives of more than 2,400 U.S. service members. But Trump, who has railed against the war for years, finds himself boxed in. Taliban advances are raising the specter of a repeat of 1996, when Islamist militants seized power and provided al Qaeda with a sanctuary in which to plot the Sept. 11, 2011, attacks in New York and Washington. Moreover, the Afghan government is plagued by ethnic and political rifts and corruption and controls less than 60 percent of the country, similar circumstances that paved the way for the  Taliban’s 1996 takeover. “The choice is between losing and not losing. Winning really isn’t an option,” said James Dobbins, who served as the U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan during the presidency of Barack Obama and is now a senior fellow at the RAND Corporation. “He (Trump) can lose quickly by withdrawing, he can lose slowly by standing pat” Dobbins said, adding that Trump “could not lose” by marginally increasing the U.S. force.  The ostensible goal of Trump’s strategy is to help Afghan security forces reverse Taliban advances and create a military stalemate that eventually would compel rebel leaders to agree to a diplomatic resolution of the conflict. Yet Trump indicated that diplomacy would take a back seat to military operations, saying that, “Some day, after an effective military effort, perhaps it will be possible to have a political settlement that includes elements of the Taliban.” Sending more U.S. troops could “buy time for the Afghan government to increase its legitimacy and gain support for the Afghans, which will help them negotiate an end of the conflict,” said Scott Worden, an expert with the U.S. Institute for Peace. But Worden, also speaking before Trump’s speech, said more U.S. troops “alone are not going to outright defeat the Taliban. The military components of the strategy have to be coupled with an equal - if not greater - emphasis on managing the politics of Afghanistan and the politics of the region.” Obama tried and failed with what basically was the same approach. He presided over a far larger effort that at one point involved some 100,000 U.S. troops, considerable airpower, scores of CIA drone strikes on extremist sanctuaries in Pakistan, and billions of dollars for reconstruction and democratization programs. Obama also dedicated enormous diplomatic energy to ending the war, appointing a special envoy to coordinate negotiations. Not only has Trump eliminated that post, but the administration has proposed slashing the State Department budget by about 30 percent and has left scores of senior posts vacant. Obama freed five Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay and allowed the rebels to open an office in Doha. The Taliban freed captured U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl, but they refused to be drawn into talks. Trump signaled a tougher U.S. approach to Pakistan, warning that while it had “much to gain” by cooperating on Afghanistan, it would have to immediately stop “harboring” Islamist militants “who target” U.S. troops and officials. But again, he provided no details of how he planned to convince Pakistan to do so. U.S. officials have long accused Pakistan of failing to pursue top leaders of the Taliban and the allied Haqqani network and to end sanctuaries and support for the extremists from elements of the powerful military and army-run intelligence agency, an allegation Islamabad denies. ",1
2077,Bruising debate brings a reluctant Trump around on Afghanistan war,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump came around to the decision to allow for more troops to be sent to Afghanistan only after a prolonged internal debate in which he frequently tangled with his top national security advisers. Trump had repeatedly argued on the campaign trail last year that the long-running wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were a waste of lives and billions of dollars that could be better spent at home. An emotional visit in April to Walter Reed Hospital, where many grievously wounded soldiers are taken for treatment, only served to harden the president’s reluctance to send more troops.  Trump said he did not want to send more young Americans to battle only to see them lose limbs. “What are we doing there?” he asked his national security aides, according to a senior administration official. In a series of interviews, senior administration officials said Trump was hard to persuade but finally - and begrudgingly - agreed to allow for a modest increase in troop numbers, from the current 8,400 to more than 12,000. He first had to be convinced that the approach he was approving was markedly different from the strategies employed by his two immediate predecessors, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, since he considered them to have failed, the officials said. In his prime-time speech to the nation on Afghanistan policy on Monday night, Trump conceded that his original instinct on taking office had been to pull out but he was then persuaded of the dangers of a hasty withdrawal. Putting new emphasis on anti-terrorism goals, he said U.S. troops were needed to prevent the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan and again making it a breeding ground for Islamic militants. “This is not about nation-building again. We are killing terrorists,” he said.     In the White House discussions, some of Trump’s advisers appealed to his pride in his negotiating skills by saying he could succeed with the Taliban where Obama had failed, in part because Obama made the mistake of announcing that a surge of additional troops to Afghanistan he approved in late 2009 was temporary.     “The president knows that in order to get the Taliban to the table, he knows that he first has to prove that he’s willing to keep pressure on them for as long as it takes, which Obama failed to do,” said one of the officials. “That doesn’t mean he expects to sit down with them in Qatar tomorrow.” Trump challenged his advisers to provide clear measurements of how progress can be gauged, with the goal of turning the tide in a battle in which the Taliban appears to have gained the upper hand in recent months. “He wants to be shown that we’re winning,” said one official. “They had to develop the metrics for that in advance before he would agree to it. He doesn’t want to be told in two years that it’s just as bad as it was 2017, but not worse. If that happens then we’re really talking about a withdrawal. He made that clear.” While Trump was joined in his skepticism by his chief strategist Steve Bannon, who was fired on Friday after months of power struggles inside the White House, multiple officials said the debate was less about Bannon and more about Trump himself. The argument that White House chief of staff John Kelly, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster made was that previous efforts faltered because the Afghan and Pakistani governments did not step up and do what is required of them to help defeat the Taliban and deny terrorists a haven in Afghanistan.     The three - who have all had distinguished military careers - also raised the specter of Iran’s involvement in Afghanistan, an argument that helped given Trump’s desire to block Tehran’s expansionism in the Middle East, officials said. “It was hard to put together for him all the pieces of a complicated puzzle that includes not just the three major regional players, but also India, China, Russia, and Iran,” said one official. “But the idea that he could succeed where his predecessors had failed had a certain appeal. So did the idea of emphasizing this is part of the war against Islamic terrorism, not an effort to rebuild Afghanistan, something he had consistently opposed,” the official added. The new Trump strategy puts greater emphasis on the responsibilities of the Pakistani and Afghan governments. Another important factor, the officials said, was convincing Trump that the withdrawal he had advocated for years would force him to shoulder some of the blame for the Taliban victory that surely would follow. ",1
2078,Top U.S. general in Afghanistan says new strategy based on conditions not timelines,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan said on Monday the United States’ future presence in Afghanistan would be based on “conditions and not arbitrary timelines”. “This new strategy means the Taliban cannot win militarily. Now is the time to renounce violence and reconcile,” General John Nicholson said in a statement. President Donald Trump opened the door on Monday night to an increase in U.S. troops in Afghanistan as part of a retooled strategy for the region, overcoming his own doubts about America’s longest war and vowing “a fight to win.” ",1
2079,Mattis directs Joint Chiefs head to prepare to carry out Trump's South Asia strategy,"AMMAN (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that he had directed the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to carry out President Donald Trump’s South Asia strategy after a rigorous interagency review which he would discuss with NATO allies. “I have directed the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to make preparations to carry out the president’s strategy,” Mattis said in a statement. “I will be in consultation with the Secretary General of NATO and our allies—several of which have also committed to increasing their troop numbers,” he added. ",1
2080,Trump to visit Arizona town on U.S.-Mexican border,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will visit a border protection facility in a town along the U.S.-Mexican border in Arizona on Tuesday as he seeks congressional funding for the wall he wants built, administration officials said on Monday. Trump, who has struggled to persuade the Republican-led Congress to approve funding for a project many see as unnecessary, is to visit the facility in Yuma, Arizona. The border area at Yuma is considered a success story for the U.S. Border Patrol because illegal crossings have slowed as a result of the border installation. Trump will not go to the border wall at Yuma as officials had said earlier in the day. Instead, he will tour a U.S. Customs and Border Patrol hangar and see some of the equipment used to monitor the border, including a Predator drone, a patrol boat and a surveillance truck, the officials said. During his visit, Trump will be briefed on border patrol efforts in the region and the need for more funding for immigration and border officials to carry out the Republican president’s desire for sharp limits on illegal immigration, the officials said. The proposed border wall, aimed at preventing illegal immigration to the United States, was one of Trump’s major 2016 campaign promises. His vow that Mexico would pay for the wall, which the Mexican government has insisted it will not do, has strained relations between the two neighbors. Trump has since said he will find a way for Mexico to repay the United States for construction of the wall but that Congress would need to fund it first. ",1
2081,Democratic senators press on whether White House aide under probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three Democratic U.S. senators wrote to senior administration officials on Monday seeking confirmation on whether White House counterterrorism adviser Sebastian Gorka is under criminal investigation for failing to disclose his membership in a Hungarian neo-Nazi organization. “As a senior counterterrorism advisor, Mr. Gorka is in a position of great importance and public trust. The American people are entitled to know if a senior White House official is under criminal investigation,” Senators Dick Durbin, Richard Blumenthal and Benjamin Cardin said in the letter. They said the letter was a follow-up to a letter they sent in March calling for an investigation of whether Gorka had “falsified his naturalization application or otherwise illegally procured American citizenship.” Gorka “reportedly concealed his membership in the Vitezi Rend, a far-right anti-Semitic Hungarian organization with historical ties to the Nazis, when he applied for U.S. citizenship,” the senators said in Monday’s letter. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The senators’ letter was addressed to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Elaine Duke, acting secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. ",1
2082,"U.S. Air Force awards contracts to Boeing, Northrop for ICBM replacement","(Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force has awarded Boeing Co and Northrop Grumman Corp separate contracts to continue work on the replacement of the aging Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile system, the Pentagon said on Friday. Though the award for the new Ground-Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) comes amid rising tensions with North Korea, the Air Force had asked the defense industry last summer for proposals to replace the aging ICBM system and its nuclear cruise missiles as the military moved ahead with a costly modernization of its aging atomic weapons systems. “The Minuteman III is 45 years old. It is time to upgrade,” Air Force Chief of Staff General David Goldfein said in a statement on Monday. Northrop Grumman was awarded $328 million, and Boeing $349 million over the three-year contract. The relatively small award is a milestone that would allow Boeing and Northrop to continue parallel detailed development and prototyping for the Minuteman replacement. The Pentagon’s office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) has said the total could cost the United States $85 billion. The Air Force has estimated $62 billion. Lockheed Martin Corp, Northrop and Boeing were all competing for the contract which is needed to perform the three-year technology maturation and risk reduction (TMRR) phase of Minuteman replacement. A Lockheed representative said the company was “disappointed” and looked “forward to a debrief about the selection.” Boeing’s Strategic Deterrence Systems Director, Frank McCall, said in a statement, “Since the first Minuteman launch in 1961, the U.S. Air Force has relied on our technologies for a safe, secure and reliable ICBM force.” Boeing provided the Minuteman III missile for the current ground-based nuclear ICBM system.  Northrop Grumman’s chief Wes Bush said in a statement, “We look forward to the opportunity to provide the nation with a modern strategic deterrent system that is secure, resilient and affordable.”  Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson said, “We are moving forward with modernization of the ground-based leg of the nuclear triad.”  Modernization of the U.S. nuclear force was expected to cost more than $350 billion over the next decade. The United States plans to replace its aging systems, including bombs, nuclear bombers, missiles and submarines. Some analysts estimated the cost at $1 trillion over 30 years. “Our missiles were built in the 1970s. Things just wear out, and it becomes more expensive to maintain them than to replace them,” Wilson said. ",1
2083,"Trump OKs sending 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan: Fox News","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has signed off on sending 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan, Fox News reported on Monday, citing a senior U.S. official. The report comes before Trump addresses the nation on his strategy for Afghanistan at 9:00 p.m. EDT Monday (0100 GMT on Tuesday). ",1
2084,"U.S. Secret Service says 1,100 employees face unpaid overtime","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Secret Service will not be able to pay an estimated 1,100 employees for required overtime work after September due to government-imposed pay caps, the agency’s chief said on Monday. In a statement, Secret Service Director Randolph “Tex” Alles attributed the funding shortfall to the cost of protecting President Donald Trump and his family, and “an overall increase in operational tempo.” The Secret Service did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In an interview with USA Today, which first reported the story, Alles noted that the Secret Service’s mission was set by law and that he did not have authority to curtail it. “The president has a large family, and our responsibility is required in law,” Alles told the newspaper. “I can’t change that. I have no flexibility.” The agency must protect a record 42 people, including 18 Trump family members, up from a total of 31 during the administration of former President Barack Obama, he told USA Today. The problem did not start with the current president’s tenure, “but rather has been an ongoing issue for nearly a decade,” Alles said in the statement. Alles has asked lawmakers to raise the combined salary and overtime cap for agents from $160,000 a year to $187,000 for at least the period of Trump’s first term, USA Today reported. But even if such a proposal was approved, about 130 veteran agents would not be fully compensated for hundreds of hours already amassed, the newspaper said, citing the agency. The White House said in a statement that the Trump administration would work with Congress on the issue. “The president is committed to ensuring the Secret Service and all of those protecting our country have all the resources they need,” it said. ",1
2085,Factbox: Trump's evolving views of the Afghan conflict,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump was likely to open the door on Monday to a modest increase in U.S. troop numbers in Afghanistan, where America is fighting its longest military conflict. In the past, Trump, who took office in January, was critical of former Democratic President Barack Obama’s approach to Afghanistan, saying the United States should not be nation-building and calling for Obama to withdraw troops. Obama also had evolving views, first committing an increase of tens of thousands of U.S. troops to reverse Taliban gains, then committing to a troop drawdown that he was unable to complete before leaving office.  Following are some of Trump’s comments on the war, before and after he launched his White House run in June 2015.   Oct 7, 2011 - When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first. (Posted on Twitter, during a year when Obama’s troop surge had taken U.S. troop levels to more than 100,000.) Feb 27, 2012 - It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests. (Posted on Twitter) Jan 1, 2013 - Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again (Posted on Twitter) March 1, 2013 - We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. Rebuild the US first. (Posted on Twitter) Dec 1, 2014 - Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously. (Posted on Twitter) March 3, 2016 - I think you have to stay in Afghanistan for a while, because of the fact that you’re right next to Pakistan, which has nuclear weapons, and we have to protect that. Nuclear weapons change the game. (Said during a debate among Republican presidential candidates, when asked if he would withdraw troops from Afghanistan) July 18, 2017 - We’ve been there for now close to 17 years, and I want to find out why we’ve been there for 17 years, how it’s going, and what we should do in terms of additional ideas. I’ve heard plenty of ideas from a lot of people, but I want to hear it from the people on the ground. (Said during a meeting with service members to discuss Afghanistan.) ",1
2086,Pakistani army says it has acted against militants including Haqqani network,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has taken action against all Islamist militants including the Haqqani network, the army spokesman said on Monday hours ahead of a U.S. announcement on Afghan policy that could herald a tougher stance towards Islamabad. “There are no terrorist hideouts in Pakistan. We have operated against all terrorists, including (the) Haqqani network,” spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor told a media briefing in Islamabad. He said evidence to that effect was shared with General Joseph Votel, chief of the U.S. Central Command, who visited Pakistan over the weekend. U.S. officials say Afghan’s Islamist Taliban insurgents and the allied Haqqani network, deemed the most lethal Afghan militant group, are supported by elements of Pakistan’s military and top intelligence agency, a charge Islamabad denies. U.S. President Donald Trump was expected in an address to the nation due at 0100 GMT to address the future of relations with Islamabad, part of a review of policy on the protracted war in neighboring Afghanistan. With Taliban insurgent forces no nearer to defeat after more than 15 years of conflict, Trump was likely to announce a modest increase in U.S. troop numbers in Afghanistan, a senior administration official said. “As regard to U.S. policy, and even if it comes with certain  coercive, you know, announcements, Pakistan shall do whatever is best in the national interest,” Ghafoor said. Votel met Pakistan’s army chief, General Qamar Javed Bajwa, and on Saturday toured the Waziristan area that was long the base of local and foreign militants along the Afghan border, where Pakistan’s military waged a campaign to drive them out. Washington and Islamabad have at times had a rocky relationship, including over the secret U.S. raid inside Pakistan in 2011 that killed Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. Relations have been under scrutiny in Trump’s lengthy review of a new strategy and troop levels in the fight against the Taliban and other Islamist militants in Afghanistan. ",1
2087,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (August 21) - Jerry Falwell, fake news","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! [0627 EDT] - Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! [0632 EDT]  -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2088,Russia names replacement for Sergei Kislyak as envoy in Washington,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s next ambassador to Washington will be Anatoly Antonov, a former defense official who is subject to European sanctions over his role in the conflict in Ukraine, the Kremlin announced on Monday. Antonov takes over from Sergei Kislyak, whose contacts with members of President Donald Trump’s campaign team made him a central figure in the row over Russian influence over the U.S. presidential election. The incoming ambassador, 62, is a diplomat by training and is currently a deputy foreign minister. Between 2011 and 2016, he served as deputy defense minister, a period which coincided with Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea peninsula. The European Union added him two years ago to its list of officials who are subject to Ukraine-related sanctions, citing his involvement in supporting the deployment of Russian troops to Ukraine. Since becoming deputy foreign minister last year, Antonov has acted as a liaison between the foreign ministry and the military. The armed forces have growing influence over foreign policy, especially since Moscow launched its military operation in Syria. A  person who has dealt with Antonov said that he was a tough, military-style man. The name of outgoing ambassador Kislyak has emerged in relation to several of Trump’s associates as a special counsel and congressional panels investigate Russian meddling and possible ties with the Trump campaign.  U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself in March from matters connected to an investigation by the FBI following his admission he had talked to the Russian envoy. Michael Flynn, a former White House national security adviser, was forced to resign in February after it became known he had failed to disclose the content of conversations he had with Kislyak and had misled the vice president about their meetings. Jared Kushner, a White House advisor and Trump’s son-in-law, met Kislyak on two occasions in 2016, the White House has disclosed. Kushner also had phone calls with Kislyak between April and November 2016, Reuters reported. Moscow has denied any interference, and Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia. ",1
2089,Prominent U.S. religious conservatives defend Trump after Charlottesville,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two prominent religious conservatives defended U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday after he was widely criticized for blaming both white nationalists and counter-protesters for last weekend’s violence at a Virginia rally organized by neo-Nazis and white supremacists.  Evangelical Christian Jerry Falwell Jr said Trump could be more polished and politically correct but is not racist. Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, who last week criticized the white nationalists’ “evil, sinful, disgusting behavior,” said unequivocally on Sunday that the faith community stood by Trump. The responses reflect a balancing act by conservative Christians as they try to square the images that emerged from the Virginia city of Charlottesville last weekend - torch-carrying white supremacists and neo-Nazis toting swastika flags - with support for a president that failed to condemn them roundly and immediately. Trump alienated fellow Republicans, corporate leaders and U.S. allies with his comments about the violence that broke out at a white nationalist protest against the removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville. He said “many sides” were to blame and that there were “very fine people” on both sides. Trump also decried the removal of Civil War monuments to the Confederacy that several cities have deemed offensive for their connection to slavery.  But the remarks, including those at a fiery Trump news  conference on Tuesday, may not dent support from his political base, where white evangelical Christian voters are a major component.  Many in the evangelical Christian community condemned the neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacists who marched in the University of Virginia town before one of them plowed through a crowd of counter-protesters and killed a 32-year-old woman. Fewer criticized Trump directly.  Falwell, president of the Christian-based Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, said Trump likely had more detailed information on protesters when he described “fine people” on both sides.  “One of the reasons I supported him is because he doesn’t say what’s politically correct, he says what is in his heart,” Falwell told ABC’s “This Week” program. “But he does not have a racist bone in his body.” National Public Radio reported on Sunday that a number of Liberty University graduates were preparing to return their diplomas to protest his support for Trump. Falwell said they misunderstood that support. Huckabee, a conservative Baptist minister before entering politics, said Trump “has the faith community.” “This is an attempt to discredit and ultimately dislodge Donald Trump from the White House,” Huckabee told Fox Business Network. Huckabee noted that only one person on a faith council that advises Trump had stepped down since the controversy.  New York City megachurch pastor A.R. Bernard said he left Trump’s unofficial evangelical advisory board on Tuesday after having distanced himself for several months as “it became obvious that there was a deepening conflict in values between myself and the administration.” Johnnie Moore, an evangelical adviser to the White House, said in a statement he deeply respects Bernard. “We have every intention to continue to extend invitations to him to contribute his perspective on issues important to all of us,” he said. Pastor Mark Burns, an African-American televangelist who leads a small congregation in South Carolina and serves on the board, said in an interview on MSNBC on Saturday that he stood by Trump.  “I don’t believe he supported neo-Nazis, I don’t believe he’s supporting white supremacists at all,” Burns said in an interview with MSNBC on Saturday. “I would have personally said stronger (things) in reference to the KKK, neo-Nazis, but I don’t have all the information.” Franklin Graham, the president and CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, denounced bigotry and racism on his Facebook page a day after the Charlottesville violence, but at the same time, he also took aim at politicians who tried to connect Trump to that turmoil. One member of the evangelical community, biblical studies professor Denny Burk of Boyce College in Kentucky, condemned the president’s remarks at Tuesday’s news conference as “more than disappointing.” “They were morally bankrupt and completely unacceptable. People who protest while chanting Nazi slogans are not ‘very fine people,’” Burk wrote in an article posted on his Facebook page. ",1
2090,Leading Democrat: Critics can't conclude Trump is impaired,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on Sunday that it was premature to try to remove U.S. President Donald Trump by claiming he is physically or mentally impaired. Schiff told Jake Tapper on CNN’s “State of the Union” program that it did not make sense for Trump’s opponents to focus on the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which two Democratic lawmakers invoked against the president after his controversial comments about a white nationalist rally in Virginia. Under the 25th Amendment, the vice president takes over as acting president if he and a majority of either Cabinet officials or “such other body as Congress may by law provide” declare in writing that the president “is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.” “I think we’re still far from concluding that that’s the case,” Schiff said, “even though we find, many of us, his conduct anathema and there to be a serious problem here.”  The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. California Representative Zoe Lofgren on Friday introduced a resolution urging Vice President Mike Pence and Trump’s Cabinet to have medical and psychiatric professionals examine the president to help determine whether he can do his job. “Many Americans, including many Republicans, have observed the President’s increasingly disturbing pattern of actions and public statements that suggest he may be mentally unfit to execute the duties required of him,” Lofgren said in a statement. Representative Jackie Speier, also of California, said in a Twitter post on Tuesday that Trump was “showing signs of erratic behavior and mental instability that place the country in grave danger. Time to invoke the 25th Amendment.”  Speier wrote the post after Trump’s explosive news conference on Tuesday, when he blamed violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, not just on white nationalist rally organizers but also on counter-protesters. Trump said there were “very fine people” in both groups. Those comments also provoked criticism from Republican Senator Bob Corker, who told reporters on Thursday that Trump “has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful,” according to a Tennessee local news website. Corker did not refer to the 25th Amendment in his remarks. ",1
2091,U.S. national monument review to test key land protection law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will recommend on Aug. 24 whether to eliminate or shrink nearly two dozen national monuments, creating the first major test for a 111-year-old law that gives presidents the power to protect swaths of public land. Zinke is expected to recommend that at least some of the national monuments under review - which were all created since 1996 - be rescinded or shrunk in size, responding to an order by President Donald Trump, who believes there should be greater opportunity to increase local resource development and economic opportunities.  Any recommendation of reductions could herald a move into unchartered territory. Under the Antiquities Act, a president can declare certain areas of historic or scientific interest a national monument. However, no president has ever revoked a previous designation. Previous presidents, including Woodrow Wilson and William Howard Taft did reduce the size of some existing monuments. But this time, environmental groups are prepared to challenge any changes in court - something that has not happened before. Trump has argued that previous administrations “abused” their right to designate federally protected monuments under the 1906 Antiquities Act and put millions of acres of land - mainly in western states - off limits to drilling, mining, logging and other activity without adequate input from locals. Under the Antiquities Act, a president can declare certain areas of historic or scientific interest a national monument. Conservation groups, state attorneys general and Native American tribes, including the five tribes which lobbied to create one of the sites under review - Bears Ears National Monument in Utah - have already said they plan to challenge any changes in court. “We told Zinke that all the tribes are willing to go into battle in terms of litigation and we are here to fight for our monument,” said Davis Filfred, a council delegate for the Navajo Nation council. While Zinke has said so far that six monuments of the 27 on the review list should be left intact, he is expected to recommend downsizing some through presidential decree or Congressional action, which could change how future presidents use the 1906 law. Zinke has already said he intends to scale down Bears Ears, which covers 1.35 million acres and was created last December by former President Barack Obama, who said it would protect the cultural legacy of Native American tribes and preserve “scenic and historic landscapes.” Zinke said he believes previous presidents took too many liberties with the Antiquities act. “Clearly the Antiquities Act was designed to protect the smallest area compatible with protection of the object,” Zinke told Reuters in June in Boston, where he met with stakeholders to discuss the Atlantic coast Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine monument. Zinke said that “Congress needs to step to the plate, too,” to take up legislation that could change some monument sizes and create other designations like national recreation and conservation areas.   Molly Block, a spokeswoman for Utah Republican Representative Rob Bishop, chair of the House of Representatives Natural Resources Committee, said while the House may be able to pass legislation regarding monuments, enactment of a measure would be an uphill battle. “You can get something through the House, but anything we do will face a tough time in the Senate,” she said. Meanwhile, public support for monuments has grown in visibility. Zinke has said Interior has received over 1.2 million public comments on the Regulations.gov website and thousands more via traditional mail. Environmental groups have said more than 2.7 million comments were submitted, mostly in favor of keeping the monuments intact. “The debate has galvanized a lot of different interests beyond traditional environmental groups, including outdoor retailers and hunters and fishers, who are out there mobilizing during this review,” said Sharon Buccino of the Natural Resources Defense Council. Outdoor retailer Patagonia aired its first-ever TV ads on Sunday, featuring a direct appeal to Zinke to leave the monuments intact. The ads will air in Zinke’s home state of Montana, as well as Utah and Nevada, where several monuments are under review. ",1
2092,Unwavering Trump voters say they will not miss Steve Bannon,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon’s firing has been met with a collective shrug by some of President Donald Trump’s most committed supporters who argue the controversial nationalist became an obstacle to the administration’s agenda.    In interviews in multiple cities this weekend, Americans who voted for Trump said Bannon’s departure on Friday was the removal of an unnecessary distraction for the Trump presidency, while others saw his role as largely inconsequential and possibly overblown. Many expected Trump to stay the course without him. “Bannon was becoming too big of a story and taking the spotlight from President Trump,” Bob Janda, a 67-year-old small business owner, said in a bar in Chicago. “When that happens, your days are numbered. I think Trump will be fine.” At the same bar, Frank Cardone, 67, pointed out that Bannon had a brief tenure in Trump’s inner circle, having joined the Republican businessman’s presidential campaign as its chief executive less than three months before the Nov. 8 election. “Bannon wasn’t with Trump for too long so it’s no big loss,” said Cardone, a retired electrician.  Before hitching himself to Trump, Bannon was the executive chairman of Breitbart News, a hard-right site. He immediately returned to that role after his exit from the White House, vowing to use it as a platform to defend Trump.   Bannon, 63, has touted Breitbart as a conservative counterpoint to what he views as the liberal bias of U.S. news outlets and a platform for the so-called alt-right, a loose confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. He played a key role in some of Trump’s most contentious policy moves including the travel ban on people from several Muslim-majority nations, departure from the Paris climate accord and rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Bannon’s exit gives Trump a chance to distance himself from “fringe” politics, said Mike Corbitt, a machinist from Florida’s West Palm Beach. “He (Trump) needs to be more center-right because the far right and the far left is not where America is,” Corbitt, 48, said at a Fort Lauderdale bar. “Steve Bannon was great for getting Trump elected, but now the president needs someone who can get his policies enacted.” Bannon joined a string of senior officials who have left the Trump administration in the past five weeks, leading to the appointment of retired Marine general John Kelly as the new White House chief of staff. While some observers have characterized the moves as a sign of chaos in the White House, others see it as a sign that Trump is running his administration like a well-oiled corporation. “All these shakeups mean is that Trump is doing his job,” Liz Lingafelter, a 60-year-old nurse, said in Fort Lauderdale. “He’s a businessman and is doing what’s best for the organization.” That view was echoed by Rick Weatherly, a 61-year-old Denver maintenance technician. “I voted for Trump, not Bannon,” he said. ",1
2093,Mnuchin tells Yale classmates: Trump does not equate neo-Nazis with peaceful protesters,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Urged by his Yale University classmates to resign as treasury secretary following President Donald Trump’s response to a white nationalist protest, Steven Mnuchin said on Saturday he would stay in office and that Trump “in no way, shape or form” equates neo-Nazis with peaceful protesters. Mnuchin, along with other members of the cabinet, stood beside the president at a Tuesday news conference as Trump blamed violence in Charlottesville, Virginia last weekend on not just white nationalist rally organizers but also counter-protesters, and said there were “very fine people” among both groups. A letter, dated Aug. 18 and signed by more than 350 members of the Yale class of 1985, argued it was Mnuchin’s “moral obligation to resign” immediately because, it said, Trump had “declared himself a sympathizer with groups whose values are antithetical to those values we consider fundamental to our sacred honor as Americans.” “We know you are better than this, and we are counting on you to do the right thing,” the letter said. Mnuchin issued a statement on Saturday responding to his classmates and what he said were many other comments urging him to “speak out.”  “I strongly condemn the actions of those filled with hate and with the intent to harm others,” he said. “They have no defense from me nor do they have any defense from the president or this administration.” Mnuchin, who is Jewish, added: “While I find it hard to believe I should have to defend myself on this, or the president, I feel compelled to let you know that the president in no way, shape or form, believes that neo-Nazi and other hate groups who endorse violence are equivalent to groups that demonstrate in peaceful and lawful ways.” Ultimately, he said, his classmates should be comforted by his remaining in the administration. “I don’t believe the allegations against the president are accurate, and I believe that having highly talented men and women in our country surrounding the president in his administration should be reassuring to you and all the American people,” he said. In his statement, he also noted the policy priorities he hopes to achieve in office, including tax reform, economic growth, and stopping terrorist financing. ",1
2094,Bannon's exit not seen to signal Trump shift to center,"WASHINGTON/BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s ouster of chief strategist Steve Bannon is unlikely to mark the abandonment of the administration’s “America First” agenda that has unnerved investors and trade partners and split the White House into nationalist and globalist camps. Within hours of leaving Trump’s administration on Friday, Bannon was back at the helm of Breitbart News, the hard-right news site he ran before becoming the main architect of Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign. Bannon can now do more to further conservative causes because “he can speak his mind” without the constraints of working in the White House, Rick Weatherly, 61, a maintenance technician from the Denver suburb of Lakewood, said on Saturday. Trump appeared to agree, tweeting: “Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews ... maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!” Bannon, 63, was instrumental in some of Trump’s most contentious policies including the travel ban on people from several Muslim-majority nations, departure from the Paris climate accord and rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. He was no friend to the Republican political establishment and was loathed by liberals, but became a darling of some of the president’s hard-line conservative supporters.  “Trump will now have a great external ally,” a source close to Bannon said on condition of anonymity. “He will use his big hammer against the congressional leadership in support of the president’s agenda.” Trump supporters in south Florida, Chicago and Colorado told Reuters that they were not concerned that Bannon’s departure meant the president was distancing himself from policies he supported during last year’s campaign. “I think Trump will be fine,” said Bob Janda, a 67-year-old small business owner in Chicago.             Nor is Bannon likely to be distanced from Trump’s ear, a White House official said on condition of anonymity. Bannon joined a string of senior officials who have left the Trump administration in the past five weeks, leading to the appointment of retired Marine general John Kelly as the new White House chief of staff. Kelly has succeeded in imposing some order on what had been a haphazard operation, but Bannon will still have “a direct pipeline into the Oval Office with Breitbart, Twitter and the TV,” the same White House official added.     “My guess is he’ll (Bannon) probably be more effective goading the president from outside, especially if the president feels boxed in by John Kelly’s clean lines of authority and (national security adviser H.R.) McMaster’s orderly processes,” said Kori Schake, a research fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution who previously served in the White House. “Seems to me that Bannon was symptom not cause: The president seems to share his dark vision, revel in the support of people Bannon represents,” Schake added. Prior to joining the Trump campaign, Bannon had spearheaded Breitbart’s shift into a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose online confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. His departure capped a tumultuous week in which Trump was widely criticized for saying both sides were responsible for last weekend’s violence at a Charlottesville, Virginia rally organized by neo-Nazis and white supremacists. Bannon told the conservative Weekly Standard on Friday that he would use Breitbart to attack opponents of the populist and nationalist agenda he championed, including establishment Republicans.  At the same time he appeared to suggest that his departure signaled a major shift for the Trump agenda. “The Trump presidency that we fought for, and won, is over,” Bannon said. Defense policy is one area where Bannon could play a role from the outside.   While many of Trump’s national security aides favor sending several thousand more troops to Afghanistan, where the Taliban insurgents have been regaining ground, Bannon argued for withdrawing the 8,400 U.S. personnel still there. He also had advocated restraint in dealing with North Korea, rejecting the use of military force to solve the recent crisis. “There is a danger that if he continues to bang away on issues that appeal to Breitbart’s audience but aren’t going anywhere, Bannon risks splitting the administration’s loose coalition of hard-right ideologues, traditional conservatives, and middle-of-the-road voters who didn’t like Hillary Clinton,” another Trump administration official said, also on condition of anonymity. ",1
2095,"Trump, first lady will not attend Kennedy Center Honors: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump will not attend the Kennedy Center Honors in December, the White House announced on Saturday, after several honorees said they would boycott a White House reception before the show. The Kennedy Center also said in a statement the White House reception “will no longer take place.” The White House said the president and first lady would not take part in the Kennedy Center Honors “to allow the honorees to celebrate without any political distraction.” The announcement came after television producer Norman Lear, singer Lionel Richie and dancer Carmen de Lavallade said they would not attend the White House reception that was set to take place prior to the Dec. 3 annual gala event. The other honorees are singer Gloria Estefan and rapper LL Cool J.  The awards are presented each year in December to recognize honorees for their lifetime contributions to the arts.  All five honorees are expected to attend a Dec. 2 dinner and awards ceremony at the State Department, the Kennedy Center’s chairman, David Rubenstein, and its president, Deborah Rutter, in a statement. The Kennedy Center “respects” the decision made by the Trumps, they said. “In choosing not to participate in this year’s Honors activities, the administration graciously signaled its respect for the Kennedy Center and ensures the Honors gala remains a deservingly special moment for the honorees,” Rubenstein and Rutter said. De Lavallade, an African-American actress, dancer and choreographer, said in a statement on her website that she was honored to receive the award and would attend the show. But, she said that she would not go to the White House “in light of the socially divisive and morally caustic narrative that our existing leadership is choosing to engage in.” Her comments come after the president blamed “both sides” for violence that erupted last week between counter-demonstrators and neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and white nationalists holding a “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Va. Trump’s comments prompted a slew of resignations from presidential councils, including all 17 members of the President’s Committee on the Arts and Humanities. In a New York Times article on Aug. 3, Lear was quoted as saying that he would forgo the White House reception because, “This is a presidency that has chosen to neglect totally the arts and humanities — deliberately defund them — and that doesn’t rest pleasantly with me.” The Kennedy Center Honors is the second annual Washington event that Trump decided not to attend. The president, who called the U.S. news media as “enemies of the American people,” also withdrew from the annual White House Correspondents Dinner. ",1
2096,"After firing, Bannon returns to his 'killing machine'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With Stephen Bannon, the worry always was that he could be even more disruptive to President Donald Trump’s White House from outside than he was within. In the hours following his firing on Friday, those fears seemed warranted, as the conservative voices who viewed Bannon as one of their own howled in rage over Trump’s decision to fire his chief strategist. The reaction was most notable from Breitbart News, the hard-right news site that Bannon ran before he joined Trump’s presidential campaign last year. “WAR,” tweeted one of the site’s editors, Joel Pollak, who published a piece questioning whether Trump would now move in a more moderate direction with Bannon out of the White House.  “Steve Bannon personified the Trump agenda,” Pollak wrote. Bannon rejoined Breitbart as executive chairman only hours after his firing was announced. He is now expected to use it as a platform to blast those within the White House - and perhaps Trump himself - when they don’t hew to the fiercely nationalist policies Bannon advocated as an inside adviser. As Trump’s chief strategist, Bannon fought numerous battles with senior Trump aides and top Republicans in Congress over the administration’s policy agenda. Breitbart frequently backed him up, ripping establishment Republicans such as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan, blaming them for obstructing Trump’s agenda. More recently, the site trained its fire on Trump’s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, after he removed officials who espoused Bannon’s foreign-policy world view. In recent days, Bannon had told friends he is worth tens of millions of dollars, is a worldwide leader in the populist-nationalist movement that propelled Trump to power, and could go back to Breitbart, which he refers to as a “killing machine”, or perhaps other endeavors financed by the family of hedge-fund tycoon Robert Mercer, his longtime ally. “Steve has a powerful voice, and he’s going to keep that voice up,” said Sam Nunberg, a former Trump campaign adviser and Bannon friend. “He’s going to continue to promote policies that got Donald Trump in the White House.” Bannon had clashed with the likes of Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council, and Jared Kushner, a Trump adviser and the president’s son-in-law, both of whom favored more business-friendly, mainstream economic policies on trade, taxes, and other matters. While Bannon’s ouster may mean a short-term win for the relative moderates in the West Wing, those he dubbed the “globalists,” it does not mean that policy battles on national security, immigration and the economy will dissipate. Trump has a shown a proclivity for seeking counsel from former advisers such as Corey Lewandowski and Newt Gingrich and from conservative pundits such as Sean Hannity. The outspoken and provocative Bannon could join their number. And there remain other White House officials sympathetic to Bannon’s world view, such as domestic policy adviser Stephen Miller. Even so, Bannon’s absence will be felt. “Trump is always going to be Trump on immigration, trade, and foreign policy. But Steve was the highest-ranking adviser who shared Trump’s world view. With him gone, there’s not a replacement for that voice in internal debates,” one administration official said. “I think people have always overestimated how influential anyone can be on Trump. But without Steve constantly pushing back on every policy idea coming from the so-called ‘globalists,’ it’s easy to see how they could have a chance to start winning more policy battles.” Mike Cernovich, an alt-right activist and personality, suggested to his more than 300,000 followers on Twitter that Bannon was sacked to ensure that the White House raises troop levels in Afghanistan, which Bannon opposed. “This is a full-on coup now, guys,” Cernovich said in a posted video. Beyond Breitbart and the alt-right, some more traditional conservative groups were also concerned about the implications of Bannon’s departure. Twenty Republican grassroots leaders, including longtime activists Richard Viguerie, Jenny Beth Martin, and Ginni Thomas, wrote to Trump earlier in the week urging him to keep Bannon on. “We will miss Steve Bannon in the White House because he helped President Trump keep many of the promises he made on the campaign trail,” Martin, co-founder of Tea Party Patriots, said in a statement after Bannon’s ouster. But she also reiterated her support for the president, saying “he is his own man.” If Bannon has anything to do with it, he will push to make sure that Trump stays that way.  But some supporters still worried that the radical agenda  Bannon fought for could be at risk. “It’s a sad day for the movement,” Nunberg said. “I think it will end up being a mistake.” (Corrects spelling of name in paragraph 22 to Viguerie.) ",1
2097,Trump tweets thanks to Steve Bannon for service and role in campaign against Clinton,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump praised his former chief strategist Steve Bannon on Saturday, thanking him on Twitter for his service and his role in the presidential election campaign against Hillary Clinton. “I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S,” Trump tweeted. Trump on Friday fired Bannon in the latest White House shake-up. ",1
2098,Pentagon's Mattis again seeks to reassure U.S. allies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Jim Mattis travels to the Middle East and eastern Europe next week to play the increasingly familiar role of reassuring allies that the United States is committed to them despite mixed messages from President Donald Trump.      Mattis will visit Jordan, Turkey, and Ukraine to address concerns about the fight against Islamic State and give a message that Washington will not tolerate Russia’s annexation of eastern Ukraine.      The informal portfolio of soothing traditional U.S. friends upset by Trump’s often sharp comments and tweets on foreign policy is one that the retired Marine general is becoming used to.  “There is no-one in the administration, maybe with the exception of Vice President Mike Pence, that has to shoulder the responsibility of Trump’s rhetoric more than Mattis,” said Joshua Walker, a former U.S. diplomat and current fellow at the German Marshall Fund of the United States, a think tank.  Earlier this month, Trump said that a U.S. military option was being considered for Venezuela as the country is torn by political and economic upheaval. Within a few hours, the Pentagon publicly announced that it had not received any orders on Venezuela, lowering the temperature slightly.  Mattis, along with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, sent a conciliatory message to North Korea last weekend in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal after Trump had threatened “fire and fury” if Pyongyang tried to attack the United States.     The two officials wrote that the United States “has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea,” addressing some of North Korea’s fears that Washington ultimately intends to replace its leadership.  “It is certainly true that to some extent if you look at both Mattis and Tillerson, who travel a lot, they are both explainers and people who both manage to moderate and reassure,” said Anthony Cordesman at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank. Mattis served as the head of U.S. military’s Central Command from 2010 to 2013, and foreign leaders, especially in the Middle East, trust him, said Cordesman. On a trip to Iraq earlier this year, Mattis grabbed headlines when he said the U.S. military was not there to “seize anybody’s oil.”  That was an attempt to calm Iraqi worries after Trump had told CIA staff in January, when referring to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003: “We should have kept the oil. But okay. Maybe you’ll have another chance.” Trump has also upset NATO allies by demanding they increase their defense spending and by seeking better relations with Russia.  “I do think that Secretary Mattis finds himself spending time, putting President Trump’s statements into a broader context... in some cases that does mean defining them more narrowly, or more precisely as to what they mean,” Christine Wormuth, a former number three at the Pentagon, said. On the trip that starts this weekend, Mattis will make the first visit to Ukraine by a U.S. secretary of defense since 2007. He will try to reassure Kiev that the United States remains committed to restoring Ukraine’s sovereignty after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014. Questions were raised when Tillerson said in June that the Trump administration did not wish to be “handcuffed” by the 2015 Minsk accord to end fighting in Ukraine. That agreement, signed by Russia and Ukraine, calls for a ceasefire, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line and constitutional reform to give eastern Ukraine more autonomy. While it is not a close U.S. ally, Ukraine has counted on American support against Russia since a pro-Western government took power following street protests in 2014 that ousted a Kremlin-backed president. Trump’s comments during the election campaign last year, from praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin to appearing to recognize Crimea as part of Russia and contemplating an end to U.S. sanctions on Moscow, stoked fears in Kiev that Trump would mend ties with Russia at Ukraine’s expense. The Pentagon is awaiting White House approval for a proposal to send “defensive” weapons to Ukraine, including anti-tank missiles, a U.S. official said. Michael Carpenter, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense for the region, said the trip would be important because it would send a signal to Kiev that the United States remained committed and the approval of the lethal weapons would be a tangible sign of that. “Mattis believes that this is a security issue that goes beyond Europe, that this is about international norms, sovereignty and territorial integrity,” Carpenter said.     The Pentagon says Mattis will also emphasize the commitment of the United States to Turkey and help Ankara “address its legitimate security concerns- including the fight against the (Kurdistan Workers Party).” However, Mattis will have to address a number of differences, including the Pentagon’s decision to arm Kurdish YPG fighters to support an operation to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State.  Ankara views the YPG, fighting within a larger U.S.-backed coalition, as the Syrian extension of the Kurdish PKK militant group, which it is fighting in southeastern Turkey. ",1
2099,"Amid Trump backlash, his U.N. envoy says stand up, isolate hate","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told staff in an email - seen by Reuters on Friday - that everyone must stand up and condemn hate, as President Donald Trump faces a backlash for his response to violence at a protest by white nationalists. Trump blamed both sides for clashes in the southern college town of Charlottesville in Virginia last weekend, where white nationalists were protesting the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. A woman was killed when a suspected white nationalist plowed his car into a crowd.  “Those who march spewing hate are few, but loud. We must denounce them at every turn, and make them feel like they are on an island and isolate them the same way they wish to isolate others,” wrote Haley, a member of Trump’s cabinet, in the email sent Thursday to staff at the U.S. mission to the United Nations. Haley, a former governor of South Carolina, said the “horrible acts” seen in Charlottesville “took me back to sad days dealing with the Charleston tragedy in 2015.”  Haley attracted national attention when she secured the removal of the Confederate battle flag from South Carolina’s capitol grounds after a white supremacist killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston. “People aren’t born with hate. We all have a responsibility to stand up and condemn it,” Haley wrote in the email to staff, which did not refer to Trump.  “While we should respect diversity of viewpoints, it is incumbent on us to challenge hate with the values we cherish.  And it is incumbent on us to never, ever countenance violence as we do so,” she said.  Trump has alienated Republicans, corporate leaders and U.S. allies, rattled markets and prompted speculation about possible White House resignations with his comments since the violence in Charlottesville.   On Monday, Trump bowed to political pressure and denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan by name, but on Tuesday he again inflamed tensions by insisting counter-protesters were also to blame and that there were “very fine people” among both groups. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and several top U.S. military officers have since broadly condemned racism.  United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres in a Twitter post on Tuesday said that racism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia were “poisoning our societies,” adding: “We must stand up against them. Every time. Everywhere.” ",1
2100,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 18) - Camp David, Homeland Security, Democrats","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! [0831 EDT] - The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! [0855 EDT] - Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! [0906 EDT] - Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever). [1009 EDT] - I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: [bit.ly/2vPIlR8][1128 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2101,Trump dumps controversial chief strategist Bannon in latest upheaval,"WASHINGTON/HAGERSTOWN, Md. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday fired his chief strategist Steve Bannon in the latest White House shake-up, removing a far-right architect of his 2016 election victory and a driving force behind his nationalist and anti-globalization agenda. Bannon’s firing, a year and a day after Trump hired him as his campaign chief, put an abrupt end to the rabble-rousing political provocateur’s tumultuous tenure in a White House riven with rivalries and back-stabbing during which he clashed with more-moderate factions. He was instrumental in some of Trump’s most contentious policy moves including the ban on people from several Muslim-majority countries, abandoning the Paris climate accord, tearing up international trade agreements and cracking down on illegal immigration. He was no friend of the Republican political establishment and was loathed by liberals but was a darling of some of the president’s hard-line conservative supporters. White House officials said Trump had told new Chief of Staff John Kelly to crack down on the bickering and infighting, and that Bannon’s fate was sealed by comments published on  Wednesday in the American Prospect liberal magazine in which he spoke of targeting his adversaries within the administration. Trump, seven months into his presidency, has become increasingly isolated over his comments following white supremacist violence in the Virginia college town of Charlottesville last Saturday and his attacks on fellow Republicans. Some Republicans had even begun questioning Trump’s capacity to govern. As Trump came under fire from Republicans including two former presidents, and from business leaders and U.S. allies abroad, he faced mounting calls for Bannon’s ouster. Critics had accused Bannon of harboring anti-Semitic and white nationalist sentiments. “White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have mutually agreed today would be Steve’s last day,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement. Bannon returned to his post as executive chairman of right-wing Breitbart News on Friday afternoon, the website said. Prior to joining the Trump campaign, he had spearheaded Breitbart’s shift into a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose online confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. Bannon said his departure from the White House signals a major shift for the Trump agenda. “The Trump presidency that we fought for, and won, is over,” Bannon told the conservative Weekly Standard.  “I just think his ability to get anything done - particularly the bigger things, like the wall, the bigger, broader things that we fought for, it’s just gonna be that much harder,” Bannon said. He said he would use Breitbart to attack opponents of the  populist and nationalist agenda he championed, including establishment Republicans. “I am definitely going to crush the opposition,” Bannon said. He became the latest key figure to abruptly depart a Trump White House that has been chaotic from its first days and already has lost a chief of staff, a national security adviser, two communications directors and a chief spokesman. Trump’s presidency also has been dogged by ongoing investigations in Congress and a special counsel named by the Justice Department into potential collusion between his presidential campaign and Russia, something both Trump and Moscow deny. Bannon, 63, is a former U.S. Navy officer, Goldman Sachs investment banker and Hollywood movie producer. He had been in a precarious position before but Trump opted to keep him, in part because he had played a major role in Trump’s November 2016 election victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton and was backed by many of the president’s most loyal rank-and-file supporters. Democrats cheered Bannon’s departure. “Steve Bannon’s firing is welcome news,” said Nancy Pelosi, the top House of Representatives Democrat. “The Trump Administration must not only purge itself of the remaining white supremacists on staff, but abandon the bigoted ideology that clearly governs its decisions.” Wall Street indexes and the U.S. dollar ended a volatile session lower after a week of drama in Washington intensified doubts about Trump’s ability to deliver on policy objectives such as tax cuts. After a late-morning boost following reports of Bannon’s ouster, the dollar and U.S. equities lost ground. Bannon felt a close ideological connection to Trump’s populist tendencies and “America First” message. Like Trump, he has also expressed deep skepticism concerning ongoing American military involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan. The decision to fire Bannon could undermine Trump’s support among far-right voters but might ease tensions within the White House and with party leaders. Republicans control the White House and both chambers of Congress but have been unable to pass major legislative goals including a healthcare overhaul. Trump ran into trouble after saying anti-racism demonstrators in Charlottesville were as responsible for the violence as the neo-Nazis and white supremacists who instigated the protests, and that there were “very fine people” among both groups. Those remarks sparked rebukes from fellow Republicans, top corporate executives and some close allies. Bannon’s departure removes a large source of friction on the White House staff, but does not herald a significant shift by Trump toward the center on major policy issues, three administration officials said. “A good deal of what was attributed to Bannon, for example on China trade and restricting immigration, and the border wall, all came before Bannon joined the campaign and would have happened without him,” said one White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity. Bannon has been a hawk on China, urging a tougher line on trade to correct a huge trade imbalance and dismissive of recent efforts to try to elicit Beijing’s help to rein in North Korea. In his comments to American Prospect, Bannon said the United States was in an economic war with China.     A second official said the biggest winners from Bannon’s departure are national security adviser H.R. McMaster; Gary Cohn, Trump’s chief economic adviser; and Trump’s daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner. Bannon’s departure cast a cloud over the future of the group of allies he had brought into the White House, such as Sebastian Gorka. Some conservative activists expressed disappointment in Bannon’s ouster. Republicans were largely quiet, though moderate Republican congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen said she was glad Bannon was out but that the administration “must work to build bridges, not destroy them.” By the time Trump had hired Bannon as campaign manager, the real estate magnate had already vanquished his Republican opponents for the party’s presidential nomination. Asked about Bannon on Tuesday, Trump called him “a friend of mine” but downplayed his contribution to his election victory. “Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors and I won all the primaries. Mr. Bannon came on very much later than that. And I like him. He is a good man. He is not a racist,” Trump said. ",1
2102,Fellow Republicans assail Trump after he defends Confederate monuments," (Corrects Corker quote in paragraph 4 of Aug. 17 story to show he said “stability” not “ability,” error first appeared in Update 4) By Steve Holland and Susan Heavey BRIDGEWATER, N.J./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump decried on Thursday the removal of monuments to the pro-slavery Civil War Confederacy, echoing white nationalists and drawing stinging rebukes from fellow Republicans in a controversy that has inflamed racial tensions. Trump has alienated Republicans, corporate leaders and U.S. allies, rattled markets and prompted speculation about possible White House resignations with his comments since Saturday’s violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, which came in the aftermath of a white nationalist protest against the removal of a Confederate statue. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, questioned Trump’s capacity to govern. “The president ... has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful,” said Corker, who Trump had considered for the job of secretary of state. Corker said Trump needed to make “radical changes.” Trump unleashed attacks on two Republican U.S. senators, Jeff Flake and Lindsey Graham, in a series of Twitter posts on Thursday, raising fresh doubts about his ability to work with lawmakers in his own party to win passage of his legislative agenda, which includes tax cuts and infrastructure spending. He took aim at the removal or consideration for removal of Confederate statues and monuments in a long list of cities in California, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, New York, North Carolina, Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, Tennessee, Virginia, and Texas, as well as Washington, D.C. “Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You can’t change history, but you can learn from it,” Trump wrote on Twitter, refusing to move past the controversy.  “Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who’s next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish!” Trump said. He was referring to two Confederate generals in the Civil War that ended in 1865, and to early U.S. presidents George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, who owned slaves but whose legacies are overwhelmingly honored. Opponents call the statues a festering symbol of racism, while supporters say they honor American history. Some of the monuments have become rallying points for white nationalists but also have the support of some people interested in historical preservation. Trump also denied he had spoken of “moral equivalency” between white supremacists, neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members who clashed with anti-racism activists in Charlottesville. U.S. stocks suffered their biggest drop in three months on Thursday as the turmoil surrounding the White House sapped investor confidence that Trump’s ambitious economic agenda would become reality. Equity index futures fell a bit further after the close of regular trading, with S&P 500 emini futures heading into the overnight trading session about 2 points lower. The U.S. stock market has not followed a 1 percent-down day with a second straight day of losses since Trump was elected in November, so Friday’s session is being watched as a significant test of the market’s resilience. Amid the controversy, the White House knocked down rumors that Trump economic adviser Gary Cohn might resign. An official said Cohn “intends to remain in his position” as National Economic Council director at the White House. Trump announced the disbanding of two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after the resignation of several corporate executives over his Charlottesville remarks. On Thursday, a White House official said Trump had dropped plans for an advisory council on infrastructure. In another indication of businesses not wanting to be associated with the president, the world-renowned Cleveland Clinic canceled a planned 2018 Florida fundraiser at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Florida resort, where it had held such events for seven straight years. Spokeswoman Eileen Sheil said the Cleveland Clinic considered “a variety of factors” in deciding to cancel an event that typically generates $1 million a year. The clinic’s chief executive, Toby Cosgrove, was a member of a one of the two councils that disbanded on Wednesday. James Murdoch, chairman of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc and son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch, slammed Trump’s response to Charlottesville in an email to friends and pledged to donate $1 million to the Anti-Defamation League, the New York Times reported. James Murdoch wrote that Trump’s comments should “concern all of us as Americans and free people,” the Times said. Twenty-First Century Fox owns Fox News Channel, a favorite with Trump and his conservative supporters. ‘HATE-FILLED INDIVIDUALS’  The Charlottesville violence erupted when white nationalists marched to protest against the planned removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee. A 32-year-old woman, Heather Heyer, was killed when a man described as a white nationalist crashed his car into the counter-protesters. Trump has blamed the Charlottesville violence on not just the white nationalist rally organizers but also the counter-protesters, and said there were “very fine people” among both groups. He also expressed distaste for removing Confederate statues in a heated news conference on Tuesday. After Trump blasted Graham on Twitter, the senator who was one of Trump’s rivals for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination fired back. “Because of the manner in which you have handled the Charlottesville tragedy you are now receiving praise from some of the most racist and hate-filled individuals and groups in our country. For the sake of our Nation - as our President - please fix this,” Graham said. “History is watching us all.” Another Republican senator, Dan Sullivan, also said on Twitter: “Anything less than complete & unambiguous condemnation of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK by (Trump) is unacceptable. Period.” Graham had said on Wednesday Trump’s remarks at his news conference the day before had suggested “moral equivalency” between the white nationalists and anti-racism demonstrators and called on the president to use his words to heal Americans. “Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can’t forget his election trouncing. The people of South Carolina will remember!” Trump wrote. In a separate tweet, Trump called Flake “WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He’s toxic!” and appeared to endorse Kelli Ward, Flake’s Republican challenger in his 2018 re-election race.  Nancy Pelosi, the top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives, called for the immediate removal of Confederate statues from the U.S. Capitol. U.S. Senator Cory Booker, also a Democrat, said he would introduce legislation so that could be done. “There is no room for celebrating the violent bigotry of the men of the Confederacy in the hallowed halls of the United States Capitol or in places of honor across the country,” Pelosi said in a statement. A spokesman for Republican U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said it was up to U.S. states to determine which statues were displayed on their behalf in the Capitol building. ",1
2103,White House lawyer Cobb predicts quick end to Mueller probe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House special counsel Ty Cobb predicts the cloud of an investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. election will soon be lifted from President Donald Trump and says he would be “embarrassed” if it still hangs over the president in 2018. Cobb told Reuters this week that he talks to Trump on an almost daily basis and has been in contact with the team of Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.   Mueller is investigating possible collusion between Trump’s  campaign team and Russia, as well as possible money laundering by at least one former aide.  But Cobb, who resigned from law firm Hogan Lovells to take the White House job on July 31, said in interviews on Tuesday and Wednesday he believed Mueller’s probe was “narrow” and that by the end of the year Trump should no longer be threatened by it. “I’d be embarrassed if this is still haunting the White House by Thanksgiving and worse if it’s still haunting him by year end,” Cobb told Reuters, adding: “I think the relevant areas of inquiry by the special counsel are narrow.” He declined to provide specifics backing his projected timeline, which suggests a speedier end to Mueller’s probe than several outside experts believe is likely. “The White House would be lucky if sometime in the spring of 2018 this started to wrap up, but even that I think is pretty optimistic,” said Andy Wright, former associate counsel in former President Barack Obama’s White House. “It’s a very complicated investigation.”  Wright said Mueller’s team would have to track down many leads in the United States and overseas, and gather evidence from email accounts, intelligence reports and other sources. Russia’s government has denied interfering in the election and the president has denied collusion took place. Peter Carr, a spokesman for Mueller, declined to comment on any timeline for the probe, the scope of the investigation or any interactions with the White House. Like all senior White House staff, Cobb, 66, reports to retired general John Kelly, Trump’s chief of staff. As a White House lawyer, he is in a different position than the president’s outside lawyers John Dowd and Jay Sekulow. Cobb would not be able to assert attorney-client privilege to protect his conversations with Trump from a grand jury subpoena. Trump has said he believes any investigations of his and his family’s finances would be beyond the scope of Mueller’s probe.  Cobb said he believed Mueller’s 16-lawyer team was “appropriately focused” and understood “the urgency to the country and to the presidency” of finishing the probe quickly.   “We have one objective, which is to bring this to a conclusion as quickly as possible,” Cobb said. ",1
2104,Trump makes no decision on Afghanistan strategy,"HAGERSTOWN, Md./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump reviewed an array of options for a strategy on Afghanistan with his top national security aides, but made no decision on whether he would commit more troops to America’s longest war. Friday’s meeting was the latest in a series of high-level discussions on Afghanistan and a broader security strategy for the South Asia region that has been bogged down by internal differences. Trump was briefed extensively “on a new strategy to protect America’s interests in South Asia”, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters, after the meeting at the Camp David Maryland retreat. “The president is studying and considering his options and will make an announcement to the American people, to our allies and partners, and to the world at the appropriate time,” Sanders said.      National security adviser H.R. McMaster and other top national security officials went into the meeting backing a modest increase in troops. At a mid-July meeting, they had thrown their weight behind 3,000 to 5,000 additional U.S. and coalition soldiers. “Anti-globalists,” who were led by Steve Bannon before he was fired on Friday as Trump’s chief strategist, backed withdrawing U.S. forces, U.S. officials said. Other options which were to be discussed included keeping the status quo of some 8,400 U.S. troops, a modest hike, or a small reduction that would focus on counter-terrorism operations enhanced by drone strikes and intelligence-gathering, they said. A U.S. official said that during a trip to Afghanistan earlier this year, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis told Afghan President Ashraf Ghani that the United States would have a sustained commitment to Afghanistan. More than 15 years since the United States invaded Afghanistan and toppled the Islamist Taliban government for giving al Qaeda a sanctuary where it plotted the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, there is no sign to an end in fighting. U.S. intelligence agencies assessed in May that the conditions in Afghanistan will almost certainly deteriorate through next year, even with a modest increase in military assistance from America and its allies.  Senator Lindsey Graham, a senior Republican and advocate of a stronger U.S. role in Afghanistan, urged Trump in a statement to “listen to his generals. At the end of the day, Afghanistan is about American homeland security - not building empires.” The Camp David discussions have also been complicated by differences over taking a harder line on Pakistan for failing to close Afghan Taliban sanctuaries and arrest Afghan extremist leaders. U.S. officials say the Afghan Taliban are supported by elements of Pakistan’s military and top intelligence agency, a charge Islamabad denies. Under one proposal, the United States would begin a review of whether to designate Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism unless it pursues senior leaders of the Afghan Taliban and the allied Haqqani network, considered the most lethal Afghan extremist group, U.S. officials said. Such a designation would trigger harsh U.S. sanctions, including a ban on arms sales and an end to U.S. economic assistance. Finalizing a regional security strategy has been held up by Trump’s frustration with a lack of options for defeating the Taliban and ending the longest foreign conflict in U.S. history. At the meeting in mid-July, Trump said Mattis and Marine General Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, should consider firing Army General John Nicholson, commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, for not winning the war.   The delay for a decision left an opening for Erik Prince, the founder of the former Blackwater military contracting firm and the brother of Trump’s education secretary, Betsy DeVos, to propose replacing U.S. forces in Afghanistan with mercenaries. The plan made its way into the White House, according to a senior administration official. There is no indication, however, that the proposal – promoted by Prince in media interviews – garnered serious attention and it was not among the options prepared for consideration at Camp David, said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity. McMaster, Mattis, Dunford and retired Marine General John Kelly, the president’s chief of staff, are opposed to this plan, according to U.S. officials. It was not known whether Prince’s proposal was brought up at the meeting. With Afghan security forces struggling to prevent Taliban advances and the country’s political leadership all but paralyzed by infighting, Nicholson in February requested thousands of additional U.S. troops to bolster U.S. military trainers, advisers and special forces. U.S. military and intelligence officials are concerned that a Taliban victory would allow al Qaeda and Islamic State’s regional affiliate to establish bases in Afghanistan from which to plot attacks against the United States and its allies.             ",1
2105,Investor Carl Icahn steps down as adviser to President Trump,"(Reuters) - Billionaire investor Carl Icahn ended his role as a special adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday after facing criticism that policy recommendations he offered could help his own investments. Some Democratic lawmakers and biofuels advocates argued that Icahn’s guidance to the Republican administration created a conflict of interest with his businesses, including oil refining company CVR Energy Inc. Icahn has denied any conflict of interest. Icahn’s departure followed a flurry of changes at the White House. Trump on Friday fired his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, two days after disbanding two high-profile business advisory groups. “I chose to end this arrangement (with your blessing) because I did not want partisan bickering about my role to in any way cloud your administration,” Icahn wrote in a letter to Trump released on his website. The White House declined to comment. A call to Icahn’s office was not immediately returned. The activist investor, who leads Icahn Enterprises LP, was an early and close ally of Trump who was often praised by the Republican for his business acumen. One of Icahn’s first tasks was to vet the future Securities and Exchange Commission chairman and a number of candidates met with the octogenarian investor in his Fifth Avenue office just a few blocks north of Trump Tower in Manhattan. While Icahn stopped managing money for clients years ago, he still has large stakes in companies like Herbalife Ltd , CVR and American International Group Inc , which have faced regulatory issues.     Icahn was so sure Trump’s election last year would give a boost to stocks that he left the campaign’s victory party to make a $1 billion bet on the market, he told Reuters last year. The day after the election, stocks leapt. In his letter to Trump, Icahn downplayed his role as an adviser on regulatory matters, saying “I never had access to nonpublic information or profited from my position.” Trump, who came to office promising to roll back regulation, reform the tax code and boost infrastructure spending, never put Icahn on the payroll. But Icahn’s involvement was considerable. He interviewed Scott Pruitt, now the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the very agency that would determine regulations about requiring refiners to blend biofuels. His web of financial interests became a lightning rod. “If he was not willing to admit he was a de facto special government employee, and follow the rules, then he had no place serving in government,” said Norman Eisen, co-founder of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, who served as the chief ethics lawyer for former President Barack Obama. “His short tenure, marred by serious conflicts allegations, was yet another black eye for an administration that has become notorious for violations of ethics and the rule of law.” Icahn has been one of the loudest critics of the federal biofuels program, and he was working at price-crushing reforms of the program at the same time he was betting that credits at the center of the program would fall. Biofuels regulations require refiners either to blend biofuels into gasoline or - in the case of companies like CVR that have no blending facilities - to buy credits from competitors. The regulation, the Renewable Fuel Standard, also allows companies to delay those credit purchases by a year. As an adviser to Trump, Icahn urged the president in February to alter the policy to lift the blending burden from refiners. Yet environmental regulators are preparing to formally reject that proposal, sources told Reuters. Investors have built up a large short position in CVR in the past three months, according to Reuters data, as evidence mounts that the company’s gamble on the biofuels market is going sour.   ",1
2106,What were ex-Trump adviser Bannon's policy wins and losses?,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday fired his chief strategist Stephen Bannon, a right-wing political activist credited with driving parts of the Trump policy agenda, with mixed results. Bannon was a top Trump administration critic of the international Paris Climate Agreement, along with Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency. They helped persuade Trump to announce in June that the United States would withdraw from the pact struck in 2015 by nearly 200 countries. Trump’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, who were not fans of Bannon, wanted Washington to stay in the pact. Bannon also opposed government support of green energy, which he called “madness” and a carbon tax on fossil fuels. Bannon was a driving force behind Trump’s travel ban. It   barred U.S. entry by people from several Muslim-majority countries. The ban was announced by Trump, but poorly implemented. It immediately caused nationwide protests and confusion and was challenged in the courts, where it is still tied up, making it so far a partial win for Bannon. Bannon opposed an April military strike ordered by Trump against a Syrian air base in response to what the Trump administration and U.S. allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria’s military in which scores of civilians, including many children, died. Trump has since touted his decision to carry out the strike as a bold one in contrast to former President Barack Obama. In line with Bannon’s position, Trump initially threatened to scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But then the president backtracked and said he was willing to renegotiate the trade pact with Canada and Mexico. Bannon has long been skeptical of international alliances. Trump alarmed U.S. allies on the campaign trail by calling the NATO security alliance “obsolete” and berating Washington’s western allies for not paying enough for their defense. After massive pressure from the pragmatist wing of Trump’s National Security Council, Trump eventually underscored U.S. commitment to Article 5, a crucial part of the NATO treaty, the mutual defense doctrine. The White House has been mired in a months-long debate over a strategy for South Asia, including Afghanistan. One of the divisions was between Bannon, who favored a withdrawal of U.S. troops from Washington’s longest foreign conflict, versus national security adviser H.R. McMaster and most of the military brass who support a modest troop increase. Trump met with his National Security Team on Friday to try to reach agreement on a strategy for Afghanistan, but made no decision on whether he would commit more troops. Bannon has been a China hawk, urging a tougher line on trade toward Beijing and dismissive of efforts to get China’s help in reining in North Korea. In an interview with The American Prospect magazine published on Wednesday, Bannon said the United States was in an economic war with China and ridiculed suggestions of a military solution to the North Korea issue. Bannon supported a “border adjustment tax,” part of a tax reform package drawn up by senior Republicans in the House of Representatives. The BAT was meant to encourage exports, discourage imports and raise tax revenue. But it divided the business community because it would have raised consumer prices. House Republicans recently dropped the BAT from their proposal, a defeat for Bannon, although he was not a central player in tax policy. Bannon also pushed for tax cuts for the middle class, still not yet delivered.  A major 2016 Trump campaign promise was to build a wall on the Mexican border, a position supported by Bannon. Trump’s vow that Mexico would pay for the wall, which the Mexican government has insisted it will not do, has strained relations between the two neighbors. Work on the wall has not begun. ",1
2107,Bannon departure tips trade scales in favor of White House 'globalists',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The departure on Friday of Steve Bannon, the White House’s top economic nationalist, will likely tip the trade policy scales in favor of the Trump administration’s “globalist” faction, which could soften the stance toward two of Trump’s favorite targets: China and the North American Free Trade Agreement. But after news that Trump had fired Bannon from his post as chief strategist, trade experts said it may take some time for National Economic Council Chairman Gary Cohn, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue to start winning more debates on trade policy. Bannon and White House Trade and Manufacturing Office director Peter Navarro were often allied in taking hardline anti-China stances over currency manipulation, steel tariffs and other trade issues, often opposed to Cohn, Mnuchin and Perdue, according to lobbyists who been involved in the debates. The Cohn-led group proved more influential in the administration’s decisions in April not to label China a currency manipulator and to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement instead of terminating it.  More recently, they have pushed for a delay in a decision on the imposition of broad steel tariffs.     With Bannon gone, “there’s not a replacement for that voice in internal debates,” said a senior administration official who was not authorized to speak publicly on the issue. “Without Steve constantly pushing back on every policy idea coming from the so called “globalists,” it’s easy to see how they could have a chance to start winning more policy battles,” the official said. In the short term, the trade policy trajectory won’t change much, said Derek Scissors, a China trade expert at the American Enterprise Institute, a pro-business conservative think tank in Washington. Many of Trump’s views on trade pre-dated Bannon’s arrival on his campaign in any case. The U.S. Trade Representative’s office announced on Friday that it will proceed with a planned investigation into whether China is misappropriating U.S. technology and intellectual property through unreasonable investment rules. Scissors said Bannon’s departure will show in what decisions the administration makes following a year-long study of the issue.   “It’s about the final choices on do we go forward with these very difficult sanctions on the Chinese or do we look to make a tradeoff on a security issue, and Bannon would have been in the first camp,” Scissors said. The struggle for influence in Trump’s White House “has been something of a battle between the finance guys and the economic nationalists, and the most important economic nationalist just left,” Scissors added. The offices of USTR Robert Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who have been pushing for stronger trade policies to reduce U.S. trade deficits with China, Mexico and other countries, declined to comment on Bannon’s departure, referring policy questions to the White House. But industry lobbyists, who have been whipsawed by economic policy twists over trade and an ill-fated border tax proposal, were skeptical that much would change.  Two lobbyists on the sidelines of NAFTA talks in Washington said that even without Bannon, they will assume the status quo on trade policy as long as fierce China critic Navarro is in the White House. Bonnie Glaser, senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the administration’s efforts to develop an effective strategy to retaliate against China’s unfair trade practices will survive, largely because there is a widely held view in the administration and the corporate sector that China’s trade practices are a problem. “I doubt this effort will evaporate, though it may evolve,” she said. ",1
2108,Trump considering options for new Afghanistan strategy: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is considering his options for a new U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and will make an announcement “at the appropriate time,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Friday after Trump met with his national security team. U.S. officials told Reuters prior to the meeting at Camp David in Maryland that the options being presented to Trump range from a total pullout from Afghanistan, keeping the status quo of some 8,400 U.S. troops, a modest hike, or a small reduction that would focus on counter-terrorism. ",1
2109,Factbox: Bannon exit is latest Trump administration shake-up,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday fired chief strategist Stephen Bannon in the latest White House shake-up, removing the far-right architect of his 2016 election victory and a driving force behind his anti-globalization and pro-nationalist agenda. Following is a partial list of officials who have been fired or have left the administration since Trump took office on Jan. 20, as well as people who were nominated by Trump for a position but did not take the job. * Philip Bilden - a private equity executive and former military intelligence officer picked by Trump for secretary of the Navy, withdrew from consideration in February because of government conflict-of-interest rules. * James Comey - the Federal Bureau of Investigation director leading a probe into possible collusion between the Trump 2016 presidential campaign and Russia to influence the election outcome, was fired by Trump in May. * James Donovan - a Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker who was nominated by Trump as deputy Treasury secretary, withdrew his name in May. * Michael Dubke - founder of Crossroads Media, resigned as White House communications director in May. * Michael Flynn - resigned in February as Trump’s national security adviser after disclosures that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. * Mark Green - Trump’s nominee for Army secretary, who had served in the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, withdrew his name from consideration in May. * Gerrit Lansing - White House chief digital officer, stepped down in February after failing to pass an FBI background check, according to Politico. * Jason Miller - communications director for Trump’s transition team who was named by the president-elect in December as White House communications director, said days later that he would not take the job. * Reince Priebus - the former chairman of the Republican National Committee was replaced by John Kelly as Trump’s chief of staff on Friday. A confidant of the president said Trump had lost confidence in Priebus after major legislative items failed to pass the U.S. Congress. * Todd Ricketts - a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team and Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, withdrew from consideration in April. * Anthony Scaramucci - the White House communications director was fired by Trump in July after just 10 days on the job after profanity-laced comments to The New Yorker magazine were published. * Walter Shaub - the head of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, who clashed with Trump and his administration, stepped down in July before his five-year term was to end. * Michael Short - senior White House assistant press secretary, resigned in July.  * Sean Spicer - resigned as White House press secretary in July, ending a turbulent tenure after Trump named Scaramucci as White House communications director. * Robin Townley - an aide to national security adviser Flynn, was rejected in February after he was denied security clearance to serve on the U.S. National Security Council, according to Politico. * Vincent Viola - an Army veteran and a former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, nominated by Trump to be secretary of the Army, withdrew his name from consideration in February. * Katie Walsh - deputy White House chief of staff, was transferred to the outside pro-Trump group America First Policies in March, according to Politico. * Caroline Wiles - Trump’s director of scheduling, resigned in February after failing a background check, according to Politico. * Sally Yates - acting U.S. attorney general, was fired by Trump in January after she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to enforce Trump’s immigration ban.     ",1
2110,U.S. State Department email restored after global outage,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department’s email service has been restored after an approximately half-day outage, spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Friday. State Department officials worldwide stopped receiving emails on the agency’s unclassified system around 2 a.m. EDT (0600 GMT) on Friday, officials said. Service was temporarily restored by the early afternoon, Nauert said. “It has been quite a headache today, our email system has been down,” Nauert said at a news briefing. “It was brought up just a short while ago ... there are some glitches that they’re still working out.” The outage was caused by internal human error and not a cyber attack, an official said.  ",1
2111,"Once credited with Trump's success, Bannon quickly fell from grace","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump fired White House chief strategist and former campaign manager Steve Bannon on Friday, it was almost like bidding goodbye to a part of himself. Trump’s most polarizing stances on matters such as immigration and national security closely tracked Bannon’s “America First” anti-globalist worldview. Despite their close alignment, Trump was always reluctant to credit Bannon with the stunning electoral victory of November 2016, often noting Bannon, 63, came late to the campaign, joining only after Trump had secured the Republican nomination. He rewarded Bannon, nonetheless, giving him a top job in the administration. But as the White House grew increasingly chaotic in the early months of Trump’s presidency, Bannon clashed with more mainstream advisers, including, most crucially, the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump.  Trump was reportedly unhappy with the attention that Bannon got early on as the architect of Trump’s campaign, and with Bannon’s tendency to promote himself, as he operated an almost independent power center within the West Wing.  Ultimately, Bannon wore out his welcome. Trump fired him at the urging of his new chief of staff, John Kelly, who has been working to reorganize the White House and limit access to Trump. The dismissal could have political repercussions. Bannon was viewed as the administration’s conduit to Trump’s rabid political base. Bannon’s departure may antagonize some of Trump’s most passionate supporters, who fear that without Bannon, Trump will move closer to the Republican political establishment. “We are extremely disappointed,” Rick Manning, president of Americans for Limited Government, a conservative advocacy group, said in a statement. On specific policies, Bannon was credited with helping craft the administration’s “travel ban,” which restricted emigration to the United States from some mostly Muslim countries, as well as Trump’s opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact and the Paris global climate accord. Bannon has been seen as wary of U.S. intervention abroad, arguing against sending more U.S. troops to Afghanistan. In recent months, Bannon has battled for influence inside the White House with Trump’s national security adviser, Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, a tension that was destabilizing Trump’s team of top advisers, senior officials have told Reuters. Trump himself has suggested Bannon’s influence was overstated. While Bannon was viewed as perhaps responsible for Trump’s initial response to the violence last weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, when he blamed both sides for the confrontation, Trump said this week that he never spoke to Bannon about the matter. Bannon may return to the provocateur role he played at the right-wing Breitbart News website, where he spearheaded its shift into a forum for the “alt-right,” a loose online confederation of neo-Nazis, white supremacists and anti-Semites. Under Bannon’s leadership, the Breitbart site presented a number of conspiracy theories about former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, as well as Republicans deemed to be lacking in conservative bona fides. Whether he returns to Breitbart and uses it to challenge the so-called “cucks” and “globalists” he disdains - and perhaps Trump himself - will be closely watched in coming weeks. Bannon is a former U.S. Navy officer, Goldman Sachs investment banker and Hollywood producer. Almost immediately after Bannon’s departure became public, Breitbart published a piece calling him “the conservative spine” of the administration and questioning whether Trump would now move in a more moderate direction. Another Breitbart editor, Raheem Kassam, posted a picture of Bannon on Twitter with the caption Bannon 2020, seemingly suggesting that Bannon, not Trump, should be president. ",1
2112,Romania negotiating to buy U.S. rocket systems worth $1.25 billion: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the sale of mobile artillery rocket systems to Romania worth up to $1.25 billion, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday. The Pentagon agency said it notified Congress of the possible sale on Thursday. Lockheed Martin is the prime contractor for the weapons system. Romania has asked for up to 54 high mobility artillery rocket systems and related services and equipment, the agency said in a statement. ",1
2113,Trump fires adviser Bannon,"WASHINGTON/HAGERSTOWN, Md. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump fired chief strategist Steve Bannon on Friday, the White House announced, ending the turbulent tenure of a rabble-rousing conservative media entrepreneur and political activist who was a darling of Trump’s base. “White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have mutually agreed today would be Steve’s last day,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement. “We are grateful for his service and wish him the best.” A source familiar with the decision, which had been under consideration for a while, said Bannon had been given an opportunity to depart on his own terms. “The president made up his mind on it over the past couple of weeks,” the source said. Kelly had been evaluating Bannon’s role within the White House. “They gave him an opportunity to step down knowing that he was going to be forced to,” the source said. Bannon damaged his standing by giving an interview to the liberal American Prospect this week in which he was seen to be undercutting Trump’s position on North Korea. Bannon told associates he thought he was talking to an academic and thought he was off the record. He had told friends he could go back to the right-wing Breitbart News outlet, which he had headed before he took over as chief of Trump’s presidential campaign in August 2016. ",1
2114,Trump lifts Cyber Command status to boost cyber defense,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday he was elevating the status of the Pentagon’s U.S. Cyber Command to help spur development of cyber weapons to deter attacks and punish intruders. In a statement, Trump said the unit would be ranked at the level of Unified Combatant Command focused on cyberspace operations. Cyber Command’s elevation reflects a push to strengthen U.S. capabilities to interfere with the military programs of adversaries such as North Korea’s nuclear and missile development and Islamic State’s ability to recruit, inspire and direct attacks, three U.S. intelligence officials said this month, speaking on the condition of anonymity. Cyber Command had been subordinate to the U.S. Strategic Command, which is also responsible for military space operations, nuclear weapons and missile defense. Once elevated, Cyber Command would have the same status as U.S. Strategic Command and eight other unified commands that control U.s. military forces and are composed of personnel from multiple branches of the armed services.  The Pentagon did not specify how long the elevation process would take. Current and former officials said a leading candidate to head U.S. Cyber Command was Army Lt. Gen. William Mayville, currently director of the Pentagon’s Joint Staff. Trump also said the defense secretary was also considering separating the U.S. Cyber Command from the National Security Agency (NSA). Cyber Command’s mission is to shut down and, when ordered, counter cyber attacks. The NSA’s role is to gather intelligence and generally favors monitoring enemies’ cyber activities. Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, both strong voices on security matters, praised the move and said it would boost the command’s abilities.  Still, McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said more steps were needed to meet the nation’s cyber security challenges. “We must develop a clear policy and strategy for deterring and responding to cyber threats. We must also develop an integrated, whole-of-government approach to protect and defend the United States from cyberattacks,” he said in a statement. The new combatant command will improve U.S. capabilities to punish foreign cyberattacks and discourage attempts to disrupt critical U.S. infrastructure such as financial networks, electric grids, and medical systems. It will establish a cyber version of the nuclear doctrine of “mutual assured destruction” between the United States and the former Soviet Union, the three U.S. officials said The U.S. is more vulnerable to cyber intrusions than its most capable adversaries, including China, Russia, and North Korea, because its economy is more dependent on the internet, two of the officials said. As other nations improve their communications networks, their vulnerability will grow, they added. ",1
2115,Decision on whether Trump adviser Bannon keeps his job is imminent: Axios,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A decision from President Donald Trump’s Chief of Staff John Kelly is imminent on whether White House chief strategist Steve Bannon will keep his job, online news outlet Axios said on Friday. Axios did not specify when a decision was expected on Bannon, who has close ties to far-right groups. ",1
2116,"Amid Spain attacks, Trump says U.S. ready and borders secure","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States was prepared for any possible “trouble” and its borders were secure, as authorities in Spain grappled with an attempted attack near Barcelona one day after another attack left more than a dozen dead. “Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!” Trump wrote in a post on Twitter on Friday. ",1
2117,Trump's attacks could leave him friendless if impeachment comes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump has stepped up his attacks on Republican senators, an approach he may regret if he is someday impeached and the Senate has to weigh charges against him stemming from an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. More than half of the 11 Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which would be central to any proceeding to remove Trump from office, have tangled with the Republican president, including on Thursday when he fired off early-morning tweets. In one Twitter series, Trump called Senator Lindsey Graham “publicity seeking” and said he “just can’t forget his election trouncing” in the 2016 presidential race. Trump also assailed Senator Jeff Flake, another Republican critic, as “a non-factor in the Senate,” adding, “He’s toxic.” Flake and Graham are members of the Judiciary Committee, whose Chairman Chuck Grassley has urged Trump to tone it down. “He should be 100 percent sticking to ideas and forget about personalities,” Grassley said on Friday when pressed on whether Trump might find himself without the friends in Congress he would need to defend himself in an impeachment proceeding. For his part, Grassley said his views would not be colored by past presidential sniping. “Let’s say the House of Representatives impeached the president of the United States. Then I’m a juror,” Grassley said. “The Senate is the jury that decides whether he should be impeached. The jury is supposed to be impartial.” There is little serious talk being heard in Congress about removing Trump from office. Two House Democrats have introduced an article of impeachment alleging obstruction of justice by the president in connection with an ongoing investigation of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Moscow. But Republicans control the House, as well as the Senate, and the article of impeachment has gained little traction.  Under the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives can vote to approve an impeachment measure. If that happens, it goes to the Senate, which acts as a jury and weighs the charges in the House measure. A two-thirds Senate vote is needed for conviction. Approval leads to removal from office. Two presidents have been impeached by the House: Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998. Neither was convicted by the Senate. President Richard Nixon, facing almost certain impeachment over the Watergate scandal, resigned in 1974. In the Clinton impeachment fight, the committee was a resource for the full Senate and could play a similar role in any future trial. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Having friends would help any president facing impeachment, said Charles Brain, a White House liaison to Congress during Clinton’s impeachment. Without such friendships, Brain said, lawmakers “can just be quiet,” refusing to share information with the White House and letting attacks on the president gain momentum. Besides Flake and Graham, Trump has had run-ins over various issues before and after his election with Republican Senator Ted Cruz, and other Judiciary Committee members, including Grassley, John Cornyn, Orrin Hatch, Thom Tillis and Ben Sasse. The president has also at times attacked Republican senators not on the committee, including Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Marco Rubio, Rand Paul and Lisa Murkowski. Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the election. Grassley’s committee also is looking into the matter, as are other congressional panels. The Kremlin denies any election interference. Trump has dismissed the Mueller probe as a “witch hunt” and denies any collusion. In the end, Mueller could end up clearing Trump and his aides of any wrongdoing.  If not, at least two questions will loom large in a possible impeachment inquiry, said senior fellow Elaine Kamarck of the liberal-leaning Brookings Institution think tank.  One would be about the severity of any possible charges. Another, she said, would be “do you have friends, do you have people who believe in you and want to save your presidency?” ",1
2118,Factbox: Steps for removing a U.S. president from office,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump has faced strong criticism for his actions regarding investigations into Russia’s role in the 2016 U.S. election and contacts between his campaign and Moscow. Trump has denied any collusion by the campaign and has frequently expressed frustration over the investigations, in particular a probe by special counsel Robert Mueller. Critics have accused Trump of seeking to hinder the investigation. The Kremlin has denied any election interference. There is little serious talk being heard in Congress, where both the Senate and House of Representatives are controlled by Trump’s fellow Republicans, of removing the president from office. However, some Democratic lawmakers have spoken of impeachment, a historically rare process in the United States that can lead to a president’s removal. The Constitution’s 25th Amendment offers an alternative path to stripping a president of power but has never been used for this. Under the Constitution, the president, the vice president and other U.S. officials can be removed following impeachment and conviction for treason, bribery or other “high crimes and misdemeanors.” The process starts in the House. Individual members can introduce impeachment resolutions like ordinary bills, or the House can initiate proceedings by passing a resolution authorizing an inquiry.  In modern history, the House Judiciary Committee has  overseen impeachment proceedings. A simple majority vote is needed to move an impeachment resolution, like other legislation, out of the committee. At that point, it is up to the House majority leader, currently Republican Kevin McCarthy, whether to put the measure to a vote by the full chamber, and when to hold such a vote. The full House can approve the articles of impeachment by a simple majority vote.  Impeachment is like an indictment and the Senate then tries the official. A two-thirds vote of the Senate is required for conviction, which results in removal from office.  If a president is impeached and removed, the vice president takes over until the next scheduled presidential election picks the next occupant of the White House. Only two American presidents have been impeached: Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998. Neither was convicted by the Senate. President Richard Nixon, facing almost certain impeachment over the Watergate scandal, resigned in 1974. The 25th Amendment to the Constitution was adopted in 1967, following the 1963 assassination of President John Kennedy, to clarify various issues involving presidential and vice presidential succession and incapacity.  Under the amendment’s Section 4, the vice president and a majority of either Cabinet officials or “such other body as Congress may by law provide” may declare in writing that the president “is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.”  If such a declaration is received by the Senate president pro tempore - who presides over the Senate in the absence of the vice president - and the speaker of the House, the vice president takes over as acting president. The president can resume office after informing the same two congressional leaders “that no inability exists” - unless the vice president and a majority of Cabinet officials or another body established by Congress tell those congressional leaders within four days of the declaration that the chief executive is unable to carry out his or her duties.  Congress then must assemble within 48 hours to decide the issue. If two-thirds of the members of the House and of the Senate vote in their respective chambers that the president is unable to discharge his or her duties, the vice president  continues as acting president until the next scheduled presidential election decides the next White House occupant. Otherwise, the president resumes office. Other sections of the 25th Amendment have come into play, such as Section 3 enabling a president to temporarily hand over power to a vice president while, for example, undergoing a medical procedure. Section 4 has never been invoked. ",1
2119,Trump drops plan to create infrastructure council: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has abandoned plans to create an infrastructure advisory council, the White House said on Thursday, the day after two other advisory groups were dismantled over the furor caused by Trump’s remarks on white supremacists. “The President’s Advisory Council on Infrastructure, which was still being formed, will not move forward,” a White House official said. The decision to drop the planned council was first reported by Bloomberg. Trump signed an executive order last month establishing the council, with members to be drawn from real estate, construction, transportation and other sectors of the economy. Trump has proposed spending $1 trillion to fix aging U.S. roads, bridges, airports and other infrastructure, a major part of his legislative agenda along with healthcare and tax reform. On Wednesday, Trump disbanded two high-profile advisory groups after several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, last weekend on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists. Trump said he dissolved the American Manufacturing Council and the Strategic and Policy Forum “rather than putting pressure” on its members, although both groups were preparing to disband on their own when Trump made his announcement on Twitter. The snubs from chief executives raised questions about Trump’s ability to marshal the business community behind his policy goals. A Wall Street analyst, Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama, said that because the infrastructure panel had yet to get off the ground, its demise was less important than the scrapping of the other two groups. “But it contributes to the uncertainty that’s creeping in” about Trump’s agenda, Hellwig said. ",1
2120,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 17) - Stonewall Jackson, fake news, Lindsay Graham","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists...... [0619 EDT] - ...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can’t forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! [0624 EDT] - The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame![0632 EDT] -Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He’s toxic![0656 EDT] - Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!  [0859 EDT] - Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....[0907 EDT] - ...can’t change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who’s next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also... [0915 EDT] - ...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! [0921 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2121,Trump blasts Republican senator on 'moral equivalency' after Virginia attack,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump on Thursday fired back at a critic in his own party who had denounced the president’s response to the Charlottesville, Virginia, attack, saying he had not drawn a “moral equivalency” between white hate groups and counter-protesters. Trump, on Twitter, called fellow Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham’s statement a day earlier “a disgusting lie.” On Wednesday, Graham had said Trump’s statements after the weekend attack had suggested “moral equivalency” between the two sides and urged him to instead use his words to heal Americans instead. ",1
2122,Wisconsin bill giving $3 billion incentives to Foxconn advances,"(Reuters) - Wisconsin’s Republican-controlled state Assembly voted 59-30 on Thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by Taiwan’s Foxconn. The plan still needs to be approved by the joint finance committee, which has members from both the Assembly and the state Senate, as well as the Senate before it can go to the governor. The finance committee and Senate are also controlled by Republicans.  Foxconn, an electronics manufacturer formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd (2317.TW), hopes to open a $10 billion plant in 2020 at a 1,000-acre site in southeastern Wisconsin. Foxconn is a major supplier to Apple Inc (AAPL.O) for its iPhones. “We are ready to take advantage of this historic opportunity ... and build a long-lasting relationship with Foxconn,” Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, a Republican who helped negotiate the deal, said in a statement. Walker ordered the legislature into special session on Aug. 1 to consider the incentives package, which would award Foxconn $3 billion over 15 years in mostly cash incentives. Foxconn, Walker, President Donald Trump and other leaders announced the deal on the incentives last month in a White House ceremony. The 20-million-square-foot LCD plant would initially employ 3,000 people, but Walker and Foxconn said the company could ultimately employ 13,000 at the site. “We look forward to continuing to work with them to transform Wisconsin’s economy and make it a center of worldwide high-tech manufacturing,” Foxconn said in a statement, referring to the legislature. Proponents have touted the project’s investment potential and job creation, including an expected 22,000 ancillary and 10,000 construction jobs. Critics including some Democrats have attacked the plan as corporate welfare, too expensive, rushed and potentially harmful to the environment. “I think we need more time,” Democratic Representative Jill Billings said. “I want a better deal and more guarantees for my taxpayers.” Thursday’s vote did not follow strict party lines; three Democrats voted in favor and two Republicans voted against.  Early in a debate that lasted several hours, Democrats proposed referring the matter to the finance committee for review, which would have stopped the debate. The Assembly rejected the proposal with a 57-32 vote. The Assembly also voted to ignore three amendments proposed by Democrats.  Wisconsin would not break even on the incentive package for at least 25 years, a legislative analysis released last week said. ",1
2123,Wisconsin Foxconn bill clears first legislative chamber,"(Reuters) - The Republican-controlled Wisconsin State Assembly voted 59-30 on Thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by Taiwan’s Foxconn. The plan still needs to be approved by the joint finance committee, which has both Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate members, as well as the state Senate before going to the governor. The finance committee and state Senate are also controlled by Republicans.  ",1
2124,Missouri lawmaker criticized after wishing for Trump's assassination,"(Reuters) - A Democratic Missouri state senator is facing calls for her resignation and an investigation by the U.S. Secret Service after posting - and then removing - a Facebook comment saying she wished President Donald Trump would be assassinated.     State Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal has been criticized by state party leaders, and one of Missouri’s U.S. Senators and fellow Democrat, Claire McCaskill, called on her to resign. “There is too much rancor and hate in today’s political discourse, and Senator Chappelle-Nadal should be ashamed of herself for adding her voice to this toxic environment,” Missouri Senate minority leader Gina Walsh, a Democrat, said in a statement. Chappelle-Nadal’s comment was captured in a screengrab and posted on Twitter by a St. Louis radio host amid a firestorm of reaction to Trump’s comments about a rally staged by white nationalists and neo-Nazis in Charlottesville, Virginia. Hours after the rally on Saturday, called to protest the removal of a statue of pro-slavery Confederate General Robert E. Lee, a driver with white nationalist sympathies plowed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing a 32-year-old woman and injuring 19 other people.   Trump insisted on Tuesday that both sides were to blame for the violence and on Thursday followed up with a series of tweets condemning the removal of “beautiful statues.” The monuments to the Confederacy are viewed by some as historical, but to African-Americans and others they are ugly symbols of slavery. As part of her reaction to Trump’s statements, Chappelle-Nadal, who represents part of St. Louis, wrote on Facebook early on Thursday, “I hope Trump is assassinated!,” according to a screengrab by a talk show host at St Louis radio station KMOX and reports in Missouri media. A spokeswoman for the White House declined to comment.  Chappelle-Nadal did not return calls or an email from Reuters requesting comment. “When the president apologizes, I’ll apologize,” she told  KMOX. “But I’m not apologizing for being frustrated and angry at a bigot that we have in our White House.” She added that she would not resign. Kristina Schmidt of the U.S. Secret Service office in St. Louis confirmed that her agency is investigating the lawmakers’ online comment but declined to say if agents have interviewed her. ",1
2125,Aurelius hedge fund seeks to toss Puerto Rico's bankruptcy filing,"WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s bankruptcy, aimed at restructuring $72 billion of debt, violates the U.S. Constitution and should be dismissed, the Aurelius Capital Management hedge fund said in a court filing on Monday. The U.S. commonwealth’s federally appointed oversight board initiated its debt-cutting proceeding in May under a law known as PROMESA. Puerto Rico is barred from traditional municipal bankruptcy protection under Chapter 9 of the U.S. code. Affiliates of Aurelius argued in court papers that the creation of the oversight board violated the U.S. Constitution’s Appointments Clause. Aurelius said board members answer only to the U.S. president, yet their appointments were never confirmed by the Senate. Six of seven members were essentially hand-picked by Congress, violating the principle of the separation of powers, the hedge fund said. The fund, known for its years-long battle with Argentina over its defaulted debt, seeks to bar the oversight board from operating until it has been validly constituted.  Aurelius holds roughly $468 million worth of debt guaranteed by Puerto Rico’s constitution. The hedge fund, run by Mark Brodsky, is known for buying distressed debt and pursuing aggressive litigation tactics to boost recoveries. In the Argentina case, the fund participated in numerous legal actions, including an unsuccessful attempt to attach Argentine pension and retirement funds located in U.S. banks. The firm was one of many parties that settled with Argentina in 2016. Creditors were among those who lobbied most aggressively for the appointment of a board in Puerto Rico, believing it would support investor-friendly policies. But the board has lost allies in the creditor community after it sought to impose severe losses on creditors even as it has also pushed Puerto Rico to impose austerity measures.  Puerto Rico, with $72 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and near-insolvent public health and pension systems, filed the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history in May. It was the board that technically filed the bankruptcy, under the 2016 Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA. The law allows the board to essentially step into the Puerto Rico government’s shoes for purposes of debt restructuring. ",1
2126,U.S. House Democrats launch probe into MS drug pricing,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. House Democrats said on Thursday they were launching an investigation into why prices for Multiple Sclerosis (MS) treatments have nearly quintupled since 2004, and they sent letters requesting information from seven drugmakers.  U.S. Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch sent the letters to Bayer AG, Biogen Inc, Merck KGaA’s EMD Serono unit, Novartis AG, Roche Holding AG, Sanofi SA, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Inc. The lawmakers on the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform said in the letters that they were looking to determine whether drug companies were raising prices for MS drugs in lockstep with their competitors. The average annual cost of MS therapy rose to $78,000 in 2016 from $16,000 in 2004, according to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. Drugmakers have faced a global pushback from regulators and lawmakers about high prices.  President Donald Trump has said the companies are “getting away with murder” and has pledged to lower the cost of prescription drugs. He met with Representative Cummings to discuss the issue in March. Previous congressional investigations and hearings into drug pricing practices have had far-reaching effects. Mylan NV sharply reduced the cost of EpiPen after the Oversight Committee began looking into the increases that drove the list price of the life saving allergy treatment to around $600 a pair.  Valeant Pharmaceuticals International and Turing Pharmaceuticals have also faced congressional pressure over high prices. Roche said it plans to work with the lawmakers to address their questions, and said the industry needs to reverse the trend of sharp increases in MS drug prices. It said its treatment Ocrevus is priced around 20 percent below the current average cost of treatment and does not plan to aggressively raise its price. A Bayer spokeswoman said the company had received the letter and planned to reply directly to the congress members. Novartis said it was reviewing the letter to determine how to address the request. Sanofi did not immediately have a comment on the probe. Biogen, EMD Serono, and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Inc could not immediately be reached for comment.",1
2127,Republican senator says Trump yet to demonstrate needed stability,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senator Bob Corker, unleashing one of the most pointed attacks from a Republican official on President Donald Trump, said on Thursday the president had not yet shown the “stability and competence” the United States needs, nor an understanding of the nation’s character. “The president has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability, nor some of the competence, that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful,” Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations, told reporters after an event in Tennessee. “He also recently has not demonstrated that he understands the character of this nation,” Corker said. A video of his remarks was posted on Facebook by a Tennessee-based reporter. ",1
2128,Trump adviser Cohn to remain as talk swirls of White House departures,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House Economic Adviser Gary Cohn is remaining in his post, a White House official said on Thursday, after speculation earlier in the day of Cohn’s possible departure rattled the U.S. stock market and the dollar. “Gary intends to remain in his position as NEC (National Economic Council) director at the White House. Nothing’s changed,” a White House official said. Wall Street investors were also concerned that U.S. President Donald Trump’s refusal to back down from his initial reaction to the demonstrations in Charlottesville, Virginia, would damage the prospects for his economic agenda, including tax reform.  Key U.S. equity indexes were down between 0.6 percent and 1 percent, while the dollar was a touch higher but well off the day’s peaks before the Cohn speculation. “Gary is focused on his responsibilities,” the White House official said, declining to comment on whether the president and Cohn had spoken about Cohn’s reaction to what happened this week.     Cohn’s decision to remain comes amid mounting speculation that some top officials may be looking for an exit strategy in the wake of growing backlash to Trump’s response to Saturday’s violence in Charlottesville.  Trump said on Tuesday the anti-racist demonstrators were as responsible for the violence as the neo-Nazis and white supremacists who instigated the protests. Those remarks sparked rebukes from fellow Republicans, top corporate executives and some close allies even as some supporters, including the vice president, stood by the president.  The fallout also led to the disbanding of two CEO advisory panels as a growing number of chief executives from some of the nation’s largest companies resigned this week in protest of the president’s response. Other corporate executives not on the presidential councils also issued strong statements denouncing racism and bigotry. Cohn, who left his top job at Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) to take on the White House position, has served as the administration’s point man on tax reform, infrastructure and other priorities. His departure would be seen as a setback to those plans.  Trump’s increasingly combative relationship with Congress, exacerbated by his latest tweets targeting senators in his own party, could further restrain any progress on those reforms even as Republicans control the White House, Senate and House of Representatives. One Wall Street executive, who asked not to be named, noted that Cohn serves as “a moderating influence,” in a White House often seen as divided among various camps. Steve Bannon, a White House senior adviser with close ties to far-right groups, said in an interview published Wednesday that he constantly butts heads with Cohn over issues such as trade with China. “That’s a fight I fight every day here,” Bannon told the American Prospect, a liberal-leaning political magazine. ",1
2129,U.S. House Democratic leader Pelosi calls for Confederate statue removal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday joined calls for the immediate removal of Confederate statues from the U.S. Capitol, shortly after President Donald Trump expressed regret over statues and monuments being removed in some cities. “There is no room for celebrating the violent bigotry of the men of the Confederacy in the hallowed halls of the United States Capitol or in places of honor across the country,” Pelosi said in a statement. A spokesman for Republican U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said it was up to U.S. states to determine which statues were displayed on their behalf in the Capitol building.  ",1
2130,Trump mulling lifting status of Cyber Command: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is close to making a decision to elevate the status of the Pentagon’s Cyber Command, signaling more emphasis on developing cyber weapons to deter attacks, punish intruders and tackle adversaries, current and former officials told Reuters on Thursday. A current U.S. official, who was speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump could make a decision as early as Friday. The official added that the timeline could be pushed back if the White House was dealing with more pressing issues.  The Pentagon and White House declined to comment.  Two former senior U.S. officials with knowledge of the plan said that the proposal awaiting Trump’s approval would elevate Cyber Command and lead to a 60-day study to determine whether Cyber Command would be separated from the National Security Agency, a spy agency responsible for electronic eavesdropping. That would lead to Cyber Command becoming what the military called a “unified command,” equal to combat branches of the military such as the Central and Pacific Commands. It would give Cyber Command leaders a larger voice in arguing for the use of both offensive and defensive cyber tools in future conflicts. Currently, the NSA and Cyber Command organizations are based at Fort Meade, Maryland, about 30 miles north of Washington, and led by the same officer, Navy Admiral Michael Rogers. NSA’s focus is gathering intelligence, officials said, often favoring the monitoring of an enemy’s cyber activities. Cyber Command’s mission is geared more to shutting down cyber attacks and, if ordered, counter attacking. The NSA director has been a senior military officer since the agency’s founding in 1952. Under the plan, future directors would be civilians, an arrangement meant to underscore that NSA is not subordinate to Cyber Command. Established in 2010, Cyber Command is now subordinate to the U.S. Strategic Command, which oversees military space operations, nuclear weapons and missile defense. ",1
2131,"Apple's Cook says he disagrees with Trump, vows donations to rights groups","(Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O) CEO Tim Cook has joined a chorus of business leaders who have voiced their opposition to President Donald Trump after he blamed white nationalists and anti-racism activists equally for violence in Virginia over the weekend.  “I disagree with the president and others who believe that there is a moral equivalence between white supremacists and Nazis, and those who oppose them by standing up for human rights. Equating the two runs counter to our ideals as Americans,” Cook wrote in a note late on Wednesday to employees, according to technology news website Recode.   Cook also said in the letter that Apple will donate $1 million a piece to the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League and will match two-for-one their donations to the organizations and other human rights groups until Sept. 30.  “Regardless of your political views, we must all stand together on this one point — that we are all equal. As a company, through our actions, our products and our voice, we will always work to ensure that everyone is treated equally and with respect,” Cook wrote. Cook’s letter came hours after Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils as several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists that left a 32-year-old woman dead.      “The events of the past several days have been deeply troubling for me, and I’ve heard from many people at Apple who are saddened, outraged or confused,” Cook said.  “What occurred in Charlottesville has no place in our country. Hate is a cancer, and left unchecked it destroys everything in its path. Its scars last generations. History has taught us this time and time again, both in the United States and countries around the world,” Cook added.          Earlier on Wednesday, the company was disabling Apple Pay on several websites that sell attire and items in support of white nationalists and hate groups, several tech news websites reported.  Apple joined social media networks Twitter Inc and LinkedIn, music service Spotify Ltd and security firm Cloudflare Inc that were cutting off services to hate groups or removing material that they said spread hate. ",1
2132,Trump disbands business councils after CEOs quit in protest,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence in Virginia on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists. A parade of prominent Republicans also rebuked Trump, as well as U.S. ally Britain, leaving him increasingly isolated after his comments on Tuesday about the bloodshed in the college town of Charlottesville further enveloped his seven-month-old presidency in controversy.  The mayor of Phoenix asked Trump to delay a rally planned for next Tuesday, an appeal the president appeared to reject. A memorial service was held on Wednesday in Charlottesville for 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was killed when a car plowed into anti-racism protesters on Saturday. A 20-year-old Ohio man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies has been charged with her murder. Trump, a real estate magnate who had never before held public office, was elected president in November touting his experience in the business world and ability to strike deals. However, some of the Republican president’s actions and words have alienated many corporate leaders. He said he would dissolve the American Manufacturing Council and the Strategic and Policy Forum after eight executives, including Campbell Soup Co CEO Denise Morrison and 3M Co CEO Inge Thulin, quit the panels.  Both councils were moving to disband on their own when Trump made his announcement on Twitter. “Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both,” he wrote. The Strategic and Policy Forum was headed by Blackstone Group CEO Stephen Schwarzman, a close ally of Trump in the business world. Schwarzman organized a call on Wednesday for member executives to voice concerns after Trump’s comments, and an overwhelming majority backed disbanding the council, two sources said. Schwarzman then called Trump to tell him about the decision to disband. Campbell Soup Co’s Morrison said: “Racism and murder are unequivocally reprehensible and not morally equivalent to anything else that happened in Charlottesville.” JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon, a member of one of the panels, said in a statement that “fanning divisiveness is not the answer.” Dow Chemical Co Chief Executive Andrew Liveris, who headed the manufacturing council, said he told the White House on Wednesday that “in the current environment it was no longer possible to conduct productive discussions.” The Strategic and Policy Forum was intended to advise Trump on how government policy impacts economic growth, job creation and productivity. The manufacturing council was designed to promote U.S. job growth. Along with the snubs from business leaders, Trump was rebuked by a string of Republicans including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Ohio Governor John Kasich, Senator Lindsey Graham and former U.S. Presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush. Trump needs the support of fellow Republicans as he tries to push his policy agenda, including tax cuts, through a Congress that is controlled by the Republicans. Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton, a Democrat, said Trump would “enflame emotions and further divide our nation” if he used next week’s rally to pardon Joe Arpaio, a former Arizona sheriff who was found guilty last month of criminal contempt of court. Arpaio gained a national profile due to his harsh treatment of inmates and outspoken opposition to illegal immigration. Shortly after Stanton’s statement, Trump urged supporters on Twitter to attend the Phoenix rally. Few public figures have voiced support for Trump over his response to the violence. Vice President Mike Pence, who is cutting short a trip to Latin America, told reporters in Chile that “I stand with the president and I stand by those words.” Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke praised Trump’s “honesty and courage,” while Richard Spencer, head of a white nationalist group, lauded the president for “speaking the truth.” U.S. stocks ended slightly firmer but off the day’s highs as investors worried that the backlash to Trump’s remarks could stunt his ability to deliver on pro-business promises. A former senior Trump administration official raised the prospect that some White House officials could quit because of Trump’s comments. The demise of the councils raised Wall Street speculation that senior administration figures, such as White House economic adviser Gary Cohn or U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, might step down to avoid being tarnished by association with Trump. Cohn, Mnuchin and Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao stood awkwardly by Trump during his remarks at Trump Tower on Tuesday. “He’s worried about his reputation being trashed, which is much more valuable to him than anything else,” the former administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said of Cohn. McConnell, who drew Trump’s ire last week over the Senate’s failure to pass healthcare legislation, issued a statement saying “messages of hate and bigotry” from white supremacists should not be welcome in the United States. McConnell’s statement did not mention Trump by name. The Republican Jewish Coalition, a group whose board includes big party donors including casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, called on Trump to “provide greater moral clarity in rejecting racism, bigotry and antisemitism.” U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said there is “simply no place” in American public discourse for the “hate and violence” displayed in Charlottesville. He spoke before a meeting with Canada’s foreign minister. Trump’s remarks on Tuesday were a more vehement reprisal of his initial response to the bloodshed. He said at a heated news conference in New York “there is blame on both sides” for the violence, and that there were “very fine people” on both sides. In London, British Prime Minister Theresa May offered a rare rebuke of a U.S. president from so close an ally. “I see no equivalence between those who propound fascist views and those who oppose them and I think it is important for all those in positions of responsibility to condemn far-right views wherever we hear them,” May told reporters.  Politicians in Germany, which has tough laws against hate speech and any symbols linked to the Nazis, who murdered six million Jews in the Holocaust during World War Two, expressed shock at the images of people in Charlottesville carrying swastikas and chanting anti-Jewish slurs. Germany’s justice minister accused Trump of trivializing anti-Semitism and racism. Senior American military officers usually stay clear of politics but three more of the U.S. military’s top officers weighed in on Wednesday, without explicitly mentioning Trump. Joseph Dunford, the Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters in Beijing: “I can absolutely and unambiguously say that there is no place, no place, for racism and bigotry in the U.S. military or in the United States as a whole.” U.S. Army Chief of Staff General Mark Milley wrote on Twitter: “The Army doesn’t tolerate racism, extremism, or hatred in our ranks. It’s against our Values and everything we’ve stood for since 1775.” Air Force Chief of Staff General Dave Goldfein‏ said on Twitter that “I stand with my fellow service chiefs in saying we’re always stronger together.”  Their comments followed similar ones from the top officers of the Navy and Marine Corps. ",1
2133,Instant View: Reaction to disbanding of Trump business councils,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after corporate CEOs quit in protest at his remarks blaming violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, not only on white nationalists but also on the protesters who opposed them. The move came after more corporate chief executives who had been members of the panels said they would no longer serve on them. JOHN DOYLE, DIRECTOR OF MARKETS, TEMPUS CONSULTING, WASHINGTON: “This calls into question the ability of the Trump administration to get anything done in terms of tax and infrastructure reforms. It’s another piece of evidence of the administration’s mounting problems.” BRIAN BATTLE, DIRECTOR OF TRADING, PERFORMANCE TRUST CAPITAL PARTNERS, CHICAGO: “Guys have been resigning from that council for a couple of days now. It doesn’t appear to me that’s the cause. Disbanding the CEO council won’t diminish the President’s ability to find out what the CEOs think.”  He said the move was all about anticipation of the Fed minutes: “There’s tension. Janet Yellen says there’s inflation. It’s just that we can’t see it right now because transitory causes are keeping it down.” “That has been her public commentary. What the minutes are going to reveal is if there’s consensus in the committee that’s true. We have to watch the minutes to see if there’s inflation and if they have to start heading it off.” ANDREW FRANKEL, co-president of Stuart Frankel & Co in New York “The market should definitely care about Trump and these industry defections, and yet every day I come to trade, the overall tape appears averse to what goes on in DC and all its negativity.” STEVEN CHIAVARONE, PORTFOLIO MANAGER, FEDERATED INVESTORS, NEW YORK: “Our view is that the market rally has been driven by earnings and nothing to do with Washington, which is why the market has been as patient as it has. The question becomes does any of this impact earnings. In of itself, no. “You are still going to have a Congress that doesn’t want to walk into the 2018 midterms with nothing to show or else they will get slaughtered, so there is still a chance for fiscal reform. But whether we get to policy discussion is now a fair question.  “As an American you can have all kinds of feelings about what the president has and has not said, but as a market participant we aren’t pulling in the horns here. If you get to the point where we see Republican members of Congress actively talking about impeachment, then that changes. We’re not there yet but we could be.” DAVID SCHIEGOLEIT, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF INVESTMENTS, U.S. BANK PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT, NEWPORT BEACH, CALIFORNIA: “The market movement seemed to be dovetailing with things hitting the wire out of Washington. It looks like CEOs are resigning from these councils, and the White House is trying to do some damage control. That throws a little bit more doubt into the president’s abilities to push his policies through.” WALTER TODD, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER AT GREENWOOD CAPITAL ASSOCIATES IN GREENWOOD, SOUTH CAROLINA: “I don’t see any other news that would account for what we’re seeing.” “There’s no denying that the policy risk has increased with the last 24 to 48 hours.” “You have got tax reform, we need to pass the budget and debt ceiling increase in next 45 days or so. This was already a very difficult environment to get stuff done; this has made it more so.” “It’s a distraction from pursuing meaningful legislation and things that could help the economy.” MARY ANN HURLEY, VICE PRESIDENT IN FIXED INCOME TRADING, D.A. DAVIDSON, SEATTLE: “I think it’s due to all of this turmoil going on in the White House. The manufacturing council has been disbanded, or everybody has quit, depending on whose version you want to believe.  “Mike Pence is coming back from an overseas trip early. The White House just seems to be in chaos and Trump is losing support right and left from Republicans and Democrats alike and his one core area, the business community, are all abandoning him, too, which certainly calls into question the ability to get anything accomplished whatsoever in this term unless he takes actions to right the ship. I think it’s (the rise in Treasury prices) a flight-to- quality bid.”   ART HOGAN, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, WUNDERLICH SECURITIES, NEW YORK “It is not corporate CEOs distancing themselves (from the President) what will have economic impact, it will be Congress distancing itself. We should tie this to the difficulty to get legislation passed.” “I’m surprised the (stock) market is up at all, on a combination of terrible communication and an administration that is working us into a constitutional crisis at the very worst, and, at the very least, one that is going to be ineffective in legislating anything in the near term that would be beneficial to the economy. “We’re not going to have stimulative. Pro-business legislation getting passed with a President who continues to distance himself from his party.” BLAKE GWINN, U.S. RATES STRATEGIST, NATWEST MARKETS, STAMFORD, CONNECTICUT: “He was election partly because he is a business-friendly president. This is the flip side. It’s a move away from that. The disbanding of these groups doesn’t mean all that much, but the market is looking at it as not a business-friendly move.” KATHY LIEN, MANAGING DIRECTOR, BK ASSET MANAGEMENT, NEW YORK: “Right now it seems like (the dollar’s slide) is coinciding with Trump’s announcement that he’s disbanding the council, another hit to administration, weighing on market sentiment and leading investors to sell more dollars because dollar has had a very difficult time extending gains ahead of the FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee). The timing seems to indicate this is the primary driver.” CHRIS ZACCARELLI, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER, CORNERSTONE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, IN HUNTERSVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA: “People are reacting to the news headlines out of Washington as it come across the tape.”  “It’s a little bit of a confidence story. These moves are tiny. I think its waxing and waning investor confidence with what’s happening in DC.” STOCKS: S&P 500 Index .SPX dropped from near the day's high before the news, initially shedding about 0.25 percent from its level beforehand. The index remains about 0.20 percent higher on the day. BONDS: 2- US2YT=RR and 10-year US10YT=RR Treasury yields tick lower; yield curve flattens slightly FOREX: The dollar index .DXY drops about 0.25 percent, led by small gains in euro EUR= and yen JPY= ",1
2134,Trump's stance on Virginia violence shocks America's allies,"BERLIN/LONDON (Reuters) - America’s closest allies condemned U.S. President Donald Trump in unusually strong and personal terms on Wednesday after he put part of the blame for violent clashes in the state of Virginia on those marching against gun-brandishing neo-Nazis. British Prime Minister Theresa May, widely criticised at home for cultivating close ties to Trump during his first half year in office, spoke out after the president repeated his view that the white nationalists and counter-protesters were both to blame. “There’s no equivalence, I see no equivalence between those who propound fascist views and those who oppose them and I think it is important for all those in positions of responsibility to condemn far-right views wherever we hear them,” May said. The leader of the centrist Liberal Democrats said May should rescind her invitation to Trump to pay a state visit to Britain. “After. @realDonaldTrump whitewash of murder and hatred by #WhiteSupremacists why is he still on list of invited official guests to UK?” Vince Cable tweeted. Politicians in Germany, which has tough laws against hate speech and any symbols linked to the Nazis who murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, expressed shock at the images of people in Charlottesville, Virginia carrying swastikas and chanting anti-Jewish slurs.  Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the “racist, far-right violence”. Her challenger in next month’s election called Trump’s comments the “confused utterances” of a dangerous man. “We should not tolerate the monstrosities coming out of the president’s mouth,” Martin Schulz told the RND newspaper group in an interview. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas, like Schulz a member of the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) which rules in coalition with Merkel, accused Trump of trivialising anti-Semitism and racism. His Israeli counterpart, Ayelet Shaked, a member of the ultranationalist Jewish Home party in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government, tweeted: “The neo-Nazis in the United States should be prosecuted. This was not what the American constitution was meant for.” In a heated news conference on Tuesday, Trump said there was “blame on both sides” for the violence, which culminated in the death of a 32-year-old woman, Heather Heyer, after a car crashed into anti-racist demonstrators. A 20-year-old Ohio man said to have harboured Nazi sympathies has been charged with her murder. Trump’s remarks were praised by white supremacists like David Duke, a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan, who applauded the president’s “honesty and courage”. But in Europe, even far-right parties that have welcomed Trump’s nationalist message, were critical of his stance. “These were white supremacists and racists. They need to be condemned in very clear terms,” said Florian Philippot, vice president of France’s National Front and the manager of Marine Le Pen’s campaign for the French presidency. (This story has been refiled to delete typo in paragraph seven) ",1
2135,"Internet firms shift stance, move to exile white supremacists","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Silicon Valley joined a swelling backlash against neo-Nazi groups in the United States on Wednesday as more technology companies removed white supremacists from their services in response to weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.  Social media networks Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) and LinkedIn, music service Spotify Ltd and security firm Cloudflare Inc were among the companies cutting off services to hate groups or removing material that they said spread hate.  Earlier in the week, Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and GoDaddy Inc (GDDY.N) also took steps to block hate groups. The wave of internet crackdowns against white nationalists and neo-Nazis reflected a rapidly changing mindset among Silicon Valley firms on how far they are willing to go to police hate speech. Tech companies have taken down violent propaganda from Islamic State and other militant groups, in part in response to government pressure. But most internet companies have traditionally tried to steer clear of making judgments about content except in cases of illegal activity.  Cloudflare, which protects some 6 million websites from denial-of-service attacks and hacking, on Wednesday afternoon dropped coverage of the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer. “I woke up this morning in a bad mood and decided to kick them off the internet,” Cloudflare founder and Chief Executive Matthew Prince said in an email to employees. Cloudflare is well-known for defending even the most distasteful websites, and services like it are essential to the functioning of websites. Daily Stormer helped organize the weekend rally in Charlottesville where a 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 people were injured when a man plowed a car into a crowd protesting the white nationalist gathering.  Daily Stormer has been accessible only intermittently the past few days after domain providers GoDaddy and Google Domains, a unit of Alphabet, said they would not serve the website.  By Wednesday, Daily Stormer had moved to a Russia-based internet domain, with an address ending in .ru. Later in the day, though, the site was no longer accessible at that address.  Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin said on a social network used by many of his supporters, Gab, that his site would be back soon.  “The Cloudflare betrayal adds another layer of super complexity. But we got this,” he said. He could not immediately be reached for further comment.  Prince, the Cloudflare chief executive, said in an interview that despite his decision he was conflicted, because it could become harder to resist pressure from governments to censor. “You don’t have to play this game too many moves out to see how risky this is going to be,” Prince said. “‘What about this site? What about this site?’” Only the biggest companies will be able to navigate the varying laws in different countries, he added. “We’ve lost a lot of the fight for a free and open internet.” Twitter on Wednesday suspended accounts linked to Daily Stormer. The company said it would not discuss individual accounts, but at least three affiliated with the Daily Stormer led to pages saying “account suspended.”  The social network prohibits violent threats, harassment and hateful conduct and “will take action on accounts violating those policies,” the company said in a statement.  Larger rival Facebook Inc (FB.O), which unlike Twitter explicitly prohibits hate speech, has taken down several pages from Facebook and Instagram in recent days that it said were associated with hate speech or hate organizations. It also took down the event page that was used to promote and organize the “Unite the Right” rally. “With the potential for more rallies, we’re watching the situation closely and will take down threats of physical harm,” CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote on Wednesday.      Facebook also said it had removed accounts belonging to Chris Cantwell, a web commentator who has described himself as a white nationalist and said on his site that he had attended the Charlottesville rally. Cantwell’s YouTube account also appeared to have been terminated. Cantwell could not immediately be reached for comment. LinkedIn, a unit of Microsoft Corp MSFT.N, suspended a page devoted to Daily Stormer and another page belonging to a man associated with the site, Andrew Auernheimer. LinkedIn declined to comment.  Reddit this week eliminated one of its discussion communities that supported the Unite the Right rally, saying that the company would ban users who incite violence. The company says it has more than 250 million users.  Spotify, based in Sweden, said it was in the process of removing musical acts from its streaming service that had been flagged as racist “hate bands” by the Southern Poverty Law Center. “Illegal content or material that favors hatred or incites violence against race, religion, sexuality or the like is not tolerated by us,” the company said in a statement, adding that record companies should also be held responsible. ",1
2136,Trump's Virginia comments last straw for disenchanted CEOs,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several U.S. chief executives had been considering resigning from Donald Trump’s business advisory councils for months after the president said he would pull out of the Paris climate accord and ban transgender people from the military, sources told Reuters on Wednesday, long before Trump’s comments on racial violence this week pushed them over the edge. Trump disbanded two high-profile advisory groups on Wednesday, after the head of his Strategic and Policy Forum advised the White House the group was breaking up, and a trickle of departures from his American Manufacturing Council threatened to become a mass exodus. “He was at 95 percent already,” a source close to Larry Fink, head of investment firm BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), said of Fink’s leaning toward resigning from the Strategic and Policy Forum.  “I think that (Trump’s latest comments) just made it 120 percent.”  A number of CEOs started to consider more seriously whether to disband after Trump’s initial remarks blaming violence at Saturday’s white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on “many sides,” which was taken to include not only white nationalists but also anti-racism activists who opposed them. Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N) CEO Kenneth Frazier, an African-American, was the first to leave the manufacturing council on Monday over Trump’s weekend reaction.   Trump then attacked Frazier on Twitter, prompting other CEOs to consider quitting also. Frazier’s resignation was followed by the CEOs of Under Armour Inc (UAA.N) and Intel Corp (INTC.O) later on Monday. Trump’s fiery comments on Tuesday, doubling down on his initial response to the Virginia rally, unnerved CEOs already doubting the utility and public relations value of remaining on Trump’s councils, sources close to several of the CEOs told Reuters.  Soon after Trump’s comments on Tuesday, JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon, who serves on the Strategic and Policy Forum, started pushing for the forum to take some kind of action, a person close to him said. Dimon had previously expressed exasperation with politics in Washington, saying in July that it is “almost an embarrassment being an American citizen traveling around the world.” Sensing a breakdown in the group, Stephen Schwarzman, CEO of money manager Blackstone Group (BX.N) and chairman of the Strategic and Policy Forum, convened a call on Wednesday for its members. After some debate, “the momentum was such that there wasn’t much room for dissent,” said one source familiar with the discussion.  The decision to disband was agreed and Schwarzman called the White House to inform the president, the source said. Shortly after, Trump tweeted that he was disbanding the two groups.  The leader of the manufacturing council, Dow Chemical Co DOW.N CEO Andrew Liveris, had planned a call with remaining members to try to salvage the group on Wednesday, according to an email seen by Reuters. The call never took place, superseded by Trump’s dissolution of the group.     Sources familiar with the discussions of the boards of Merck and Intel said that they backed their CEOs’ decisions to leave because they did not believe stepping down from Trump’s councils would have a negative impact on their businesses.  “I don’t think these are personal decisions,” said Blain Rethmeier, a Republican strategist who worked on the Trump transition and consults with companies in California. “I think these are made through the eyes of what’s in the best interest of the company, and the brand risks of what it means to be involved with the council became too much.” ",1
2137,Trump's crisis spurs talk of White House departures,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s turnabout on the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia has rocked his administration, leading to rising speculation that some top officials may be looking for a way out.  A parade of business executives broke ties with Trump on Wednesday, a day after he blamed white nationalists and counter-protesters in equal measure for the weekend clashes that left one woman dead.  Now, frustrated aides could be next. Trump’s remarks have left some wondering if sticking by the president comes at too high a cost to their reputations.  “A lot of us joined this administration thinking we could bring to it the experience and expertise that the president didn’t have an opportunity to gain in his business career, and to encourage some restraint in what he says publicly and to our allies,” said one senior official who is contemplating whether to resign.  “After yesterday, it’s clear that there is no way for anyone, even a Marine general, to restrain his (Trump’s) impulses or counter what he sees on TV and reads on the web.” It was hoped that retired General John Kelly, Trump’s new chief of staff, could impose some form of discipline on Trump that his predecessor, Reince Priebus, could not.  But Kelly stood with his eyes fixed on the floor when Trump veered off-script at his Manhattan office tower on Tuesday. The president accused the protesters, who rallied against neo-Nazi and white supremacist groups in Charlottesville, of being “very, very violent.”  In the uproar that followed, chief executives at companies such as Merck & Co Inc , Under Armour Inc , Intel Corp , Campbell Soup Co  and 3M Co  quit advisory councils to the White House. Trump then dissolved the councils.  The exodus of executives sparked talk that Gary Cohn, Trump’s top White House economic adviser and a key liaison to the U.S. business community, might resign in protest as well.  Cohn, who is Jewish, was upset by Trump’s remarks, though he is remaining with the administration for now, sources said. Cohn, along with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, stood by Trump during his remarks at Trump Tower on Tuesday. Cohn in particular looked self-conscious and uncomfortable. “He just did not want to be in that position ... and he was not good at hiding his body language for that,” said a former administration official who knows Cohn.  Cohn did not comment on the president’s language.  David Shulkin, U.S. secretary of Veterans Affairs, told reporters on Wednesday that as a Jewish American, he was “outraged” by neo-Nazis and other white supremacist groups and felt obligated to speak out against them.  “I am not going to condone in any way the behavior of Nazis. I believe this clearly cannot be tolerated,” Shulkin said when asked about whether it was appropriate to compare the actions of the white nationalists to the protesters opposing them. Shulkin, however, defended Trump’s approach. “I think he’s been clear that this is totally unacceptable,” Shulkin said.  Cohn, who came to the White House from a successful career  at Goldman Sachs Group Inc, is mindful the effect his Trump tenure could have on his professional reputation. “He’s worried about his reputation being trashed, which is much more valuable to him than anything else,” the former administration official said. Cohn has served as a point man on top White House priorities such as tax reform and rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure, but both of those efforts have been muddled by Trump’s increasingly combative relationship with Congress, one that was strained even further by his comments on Charlottesville. Cohn’s departure would further set back those efforts and perhaps give the upper hand in the White House to a group of advisers seeking to scale back foreign trade, said a Wall Street executive who asked not to be named.  “Gary knows he’s a moderating influence,” the executive said. “It may give you short-term satisfaction to see Gary go, but it may be bad for the country in the long term. The calculation is: What do you think is best for the country versus what’s best for Gary?” Steve Bannon, a White House senior adviser with close ties to far-right groups, told the American Prospect in an interview published Wednesday that he constantly butts heads with Cohn over issues such as trade with China. “That’s a fight I fight every day here,” Bannon said.  Cowan and Company, a financial services firm, said on Wednesday that the departure of the pragmatic and business-friendly Cohn could adversely affect markets.  “For us, the biggest question is what is the tipping point that would cause National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn to quit?” the firm wrote.  Trump thinks highly of Cohn and has spoken often of the financial sacrifices he made to leave Goldman to join the administration. He is widely considered to be a leading candidate to chair the U.S. Federal Reserve should Trump choose not to retain Janet Yellen. That decision would insulate Cohn from the day-to-day drama of the Trump White House, but likely is months away.  In the meantime, Cohn has to decide whether he can stick it out. Another Wall Street executive told Reuters that Trump’s remarks may prove to be too much for him.  “Until yesterday, Cohn did a great job insulating himself from Trump and staying in the economic lane. But all of a sudden he was standing behind him when he goes off on a rampage and the true price of working for him comes home,” the executive said. “What can you do?”  ",1
2138,Trump adviser Bannon says U.S. in economic war with China: media,"(Reuters) - The United States is in an economic war with China, U.S President Donald Trump’s chief political strategist has said, warning Washington is losing the fight but is about to hit China hard over unfair trade practices. “We’re at economic war with China,” Steve Bannon told U.S. news site prospect.org in an interview published in Wednesday. “It’s in all their literature. They’re not shy about saying what they’re doing. One of us is going to be a hegemon in 25 or 30 years and it’s gonna be them if we go down this path,” he was quoted as saying. “If we continue to lose it, we’re five years away, I think, 10 years at the most, of hitting an inflection point from which we’ll never be able to recover.” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she had seen the report, and reiterated the essence of the China-U.S. trade relationship is mutually beneficial.  “In reality, China and the United States’ long term cooperation has brought about real benefits for both countries’ peoples, any unbiased person will clearly see this fact,” she told a daily news briefing in Beijing.  “We have also said before, a trade war has no future. A trade war does not serve the interests of any party, as fighting a trade war will not produce a winner. We hope that relevant parties can stop viewing issues of the 21st century with a 19th- or 20th-century mentality.” Bannon said the United States would use Section 301 of the 1974 Trade Act against Chinese coercion of technology transfers from U.S. corporations doing business in China and follow up with complaints against steel and aluminum dumping, according to prospect.org. On Monday, Trump authorized an inquiry into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property in the first direct trade measure by his administration against Beijing. “We’re going to run the tables on these guys. We’ve come to the conclusion that they’re in an economic war and they’re crushing us,” said Bannon, who acknowledged he was battling trade doves within the U.S. administration. He said there was no reason to go soft on China in order to get Beijing’s support over North Korea because he believed China would do little more to rein in Pyongyang. Bannon said he might consider a deal in which China got North Korea to freeze its nuclear build-up with verifiable inspections and the United States removed its troops from the Korean peninsula, but such a deal seemed remote, prospect.org reported. In contrast to Trump’s threat of “fire and fury” against North Korea, Bannon said: “There’s no military solution, forget it.” “Until somebody solves the part of the equation that shows me that 10 million people in Seoul don’t die in the first 30 minutes from conventional weapons, I don’t know what you’re talking about ...” Asked about any connection between his economic nationalism and white nationalism in the United States, and in particular the racist violence in Charlottesville, Bannon said: “Ethno-nationalism — it’s losers. It’s a fringe element.” “I think the media plays it up too much, and we gotta help crush it, you know, uh, help crush it more. These guys are a collection of clowns.” However, Bannon, who formerly led the right-wing website Breitbart, said focusing on race would help the Republicans politically. “The Democrats, the longer they talk about identity politics, I got ‘em. I want them to talk about racism every day. If the left is focused on race and identity, and we go with economic nationalism, we can crush the Democrats.” ",1
2139,Trump blames 'both sides' for Virginia violence as many Republicans balk,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump inflamed tension after a deadly rally by white nationalists in Virginia by insisting that counter protesters were also to blame, drawing condemnation from some Republican leaders and praise from white supremacists.  In a combative news conference, Trump backed off from his Monday statements explicitly denouncing the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and white supremacists for the violence that erupted at a “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, and reverted to his weekend contention that “many sides” were to blame. “You had a group on one side that was bad,” Trump said on Tuesday. “And you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that. But I’ll say it right now.”  Trump later said, “I think there is blame on both sides and I have no doubt about it,” adding that there were “very fine people” on both sides. At the weekend rally against the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee, commander of the pro-slavery Confederate army during the U.S. Civil War, many participants were seen carrying firearms, sticks, shields, and lit torches. Some wore helmets. Counter-protesters came equipped with sticks, helmets and shields. James Fields, a 20-year-old Ohio man who is said to have harbored Nazi sympathies, was charged with murder after the car he was driving plowed into a crowd of counter protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer on Saturday and injuring 19. A memorial service for Heyer is planned in Charlottesville on Wednesday. Trump’s remarks drew swift criticism from many Republican leaders. “No, not the same,” former Massachusetts governor and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney wrote on Twitter. “One side is racist, bigoted, Nazi. The other opposes racism and bigotry. Morally different universes.”  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who vied with Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, also responded in a series of Twitter posts. “The organizers of events which inspired and led to #charlottesvilleterroristattack are 100 percent to blame for a number of reasons,” Rubio began. “Mr. President, you can’t allow #WhiteSupremacists to share only part of the blame. They support idea which cost nation and world so much pain … the #WhiteSupremacy groups will see being assigned only 50 percent of the blame as a win,” Rubio added. Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke applauded Trump for his “honesty & courage” on Twitter. Richard Spencer, the head of a white nationalist group, wrote on Twitter that he was “proud of him for speaking the truth.” Richard Trumka, the president of the AFL-CIO labor federation representing 12.5 million workers, resigned from Trump’s American Manufacturing Council, joining a series of chief executives in doing so. White House officials hoping to put the controversy behind them, worried the conference would revive and intensify the controversy. Asked about next steps, one official said: “I think next steps are just to stop talking.” Hours later, the White House sent its regular “evening communications briefing” of talking points on the “news of the day” to Republican lawmakers, copies obtained by multiple news organizations, including CNN and the Atlantic, showed. The first summary point read: “The President was entirely correct – both sides of the violence in Charlottesville acted inappropriately, and bear some responsibility.” ",1
2140,"Trump on Twitter (Aug 16)- Manufacturing Council, Policy forum","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! [0612 EDT] - Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! [0618 EDT] - Congratulations John! [bit.ly/2w1eEzj] [0731 EDT] - Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable![0739 EDT] - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! [0839 EDT] - Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime! [1051 EDT] - Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! [1058 EDT] - Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! [1314 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2141,U.S. talks tough on trade deficit as NAFTA discussions begin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States drew a hard line for renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement on Wednesday, demanding major concessions aimed at slashing trade deficits with Mexico and Canada and boosting U.S. content for autos. At the start of talks in Washington, U.S. President Donald Trump’s top trade adviser, Robert Lighthizer, said Trump was not interested in “a mere tweaking” of the 23-year-old pact, which Trump has threatened to scrap without major changes. “We feel that NAFTA has fundamentally failed many, many Americans and needs major improvement,” Lighthizer, the U.S. trade representative, said at the start of the talks, which reflected Trump’s relentless criticism that NAFTA has caused  massive U.S. manufacturing job losses.  Lighthizer put Mexico and Canada on notice that the United States would use its clout as their biggest export customer to wring concessions, saying the United States wanted substantially tougher rules of origin, including a requirement of “substantial U.S. content” for autos.  He also signaled a fight over NAFTA’s trade dispute settlement system for changes that would allow more anti-dumping duties against Canada and Mexico, saying this provision should “respect our national sovereignty.” Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland suggested earlier this week that her country could walk away if the United States insisted on scrapping the “Chapter 19” trade dispute settlement system that requires the use of binational panels. In her opening statement, Freeland took a swipe at the U.S. fixation on cutting its trade deficits, saying: “Canada does not view trade surpluses or deficits as a primary measure of whether a trading relationship works. U.S.-Canada-Mexico trade has quadrupled since NAFTA took effect in 1994, surpassing $1 trillion in 2015. Lighthizer blamed NAFTA for a direct loss of 700,000 U.S. manufacturing jobs since the pact took effect in 1994, a period that coincides with increasing automation across all industries that has allowed more output with fewer workers. Auto industry groups have warned against changing the pact’s rules of origin, which govern how much of a product’s components must originate from NAFTA countries. They said the pact has allowed them to build a competitive North American supply base that has helped boost exports of U.S.-assembled vehicles globally. The pact also has massively boosted U.S. farm income by increasing agricultural exports to both Mexico and Canada.  “We do not want them to use us as a trading tool and to do harm to the agricultural sector in all three countries,” the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, Zippy Duvall, told a news conference on Wednesday. Corporate chief executives have been sounding “do no harm” warnings on NAFTA for months.  Trump’s relationship with business executives became a high-profile issue this week as he disbanded two business advisory councils after several CEOs quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence at a rally in Virginia on the protesters who opposed white nationalists as well as the white nationalists themselves. Canadian and Mexican officials at the NAFTA talks on Wednesday declined to weigh in.  Asked if there was concern that the political upheaval around Trump could impact the NAFTA talks, Mexico’s finance ministry undersecretary, Vanessa Rubio, said: “These are internal issues of the United States.” Freeland refused to be drawn into the U.S. political furor during a news conference before she returned to Ottawa.  The first round of NAFTA talks, which will last until Sunday, are expected to focus on consolidating the proposals and demands from all three countries. The long list of U.S. demands could make it difficult for negotiators to reach agreement on modernization plans that also are expected to include new chapters on digital and energy trade, and environmental, labor and currency standards. Both Freeland and Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo pushed back at the U.S. demands and defended NAFTA.   Guajardo said NAFTA should be modernized to produce more trade among its participants, not less, and needed more than one winner. “For a deal to be successful, it has to work for all parties involved. Otherwise, it is not a deal,” Guajardo said. Guajardo later told a news conference that it was “too soon” for the three countries to begin narrowing their differences. He said it was not a good idea to add country-specific content requirements to the agreement. Mexico is keen to maintain preferential access for its goods and services to the United States and Canada, where nearly 85 percent of its exports are shipped. Its NAFTA priorities also include greater integration of the continent’s labor markets and energy sectors. Weighing heavily over the talks is the 2018 Mexico presidential election. Mexico has urged all sides to complete the negotiations before the campaign ramps up in February to avoid having them become a political punching bag. ",1
2142,Pence says NAFTA renegotiation will be a 'win win win',"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the NAFTA trade pact between the United States, Mexico and Canada will be a “win win win.”  Speaking to business leaders in Santiago, Pence added it was important for Chile to comply with the intellectual property rights section of its free trade agreement with the United States and that he had urged President Michelle Bachelet to make TV piracy a criminal offense.  ",1
2143,NAFTA talks must include discussion on fintech: Mexican negotiator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) must include a discussion of new financial services, a Mexican negotiator said on Wednesday, singling out so-called fintech companies rapidly gaining ground in the region.  Created 23 years ago, NAFTA includes Canada, Mexico and the United States and is being renegotiated at the behest of U.S. President Donald Trump who made a campaign promise to get a better deal for U.S. workers.  Vanessa Rubio, an undersecretary at Mexico’s finance ministry who is taking part in the NAFTA negotiations that began in Washington on Wednesday, said discussions on financial services had found common ground between the three countries. “We are not yet sure what will end up in the text of the new agreement, but we are sure that we need to have a discussion about new services, above all about the fintech industry,” Rubio told Reuters in an interview. Rubio said her U.S. counterparts were focused on transparency in new regulations, while she pushed the need to standardize rules. To modernize the deal, the three sides are looking at how to include e-commerce and other technological developments that did not exist when NAFTA was first negotiated.  ",1
2144,Violence prompts U.S. Congress to discuss militant threats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional panel next month will hold a hearing on violent extremism, including threats from domestic militants, following a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that turned deadly. The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee, Republican Michael McCaul, announced the Sept. 12 hearing in a letter to the panel’s top Democrat, Bennie Thompson. The committee holds a hearing once a year, around the anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, to discuss worldwide threats. A committee aide said the Charlottesville protests had  prompted the decision to broaden the hearing to include threats from domestic militants. But Thompson said the move was “not adequate or appropriate” to address his request for a hearing on threats from white supremacists and neo-Nazi groups. “The September 12 hearing to cover worldwide threats is an annual hearing that was already scheduled prior to the domestic attacks this weekend,” Thompson said. “It will not allow us to go into the depth necessary to address the far-ranging and multifaceted aspects of the threat posed by domestic terrorist threats from white supremacist and neo-Nazi groups.” The Homeland Security Committee will invite leaders of the Homeland Security Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Counterterrorism Center, McCaul said. “We must stand together and reject racism, bigotry, and prejudice, including the hateful ideologies promoted by neo-Nazis, the KKK, and all other white supremacy groups,” McCaul wrote in his response to Democrats’ request for a hearing. A 32-year-old woman was killed on Saturday in Charlottesville when a car plowed into a rival protest to white supremacist demonstrators. A 20-year-old Ohio man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies has been charged with murder.  President Donald Trump on Tuesday said both sides were to blame for the violence, drawing condemnation from both fellow Republicans and Democrats for failing to single out the white nationalists. ",1
2145,Phoenix mayor calls on Trump to postpone rally planned for next week,"(Reuters) - The mayor of Phoenix on Wednesday called on President Donald Trump to postpone a rally he was scheduled to hold on Tuesday in the city, saying it was too soon after a violent white supremacist rally in Virginia. “I am disappointed that President Trump has chosen to hold a campaign rally as our nation is still healing from the tragic events in Charlottesville,” Mayor Greg Stanton said in a statement posted on Twitter. “It is my hope that more sound judgment prevails and that he delays his visit,” Stanton said. ",1
2146,Tillerson: 'simply no place' for hate and violence in U.S. public discourse,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There is “simply no place” in American public discourse for “hate and violence” displayed in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday. Just before meeting with Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, Tillerson commented on the shared values between the United States and Canada, then said, unprompted: “I think that’s why it’s appropriate to comment on the recent events in Virginia and our condemnation of that kind of hate and violence,” according to a pool report. “There is just simply no place for that in our public discourse and I want to add our condemnation of that,” Tillerson said, a day after President Donald Trump insisted that both left- and right-wing extremists were violent during a weekend rally by white nationalists in Charlottesville. ",1
2147,White House names Hicks interim communications director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Longtime Trump communications aide Hope Hicks has been named as interim communications director, the White House said on Wednesday, in the latest personnel move for President Donald Trump as he continues to seek someone for the job. The role of communications director had last been filled by Anthony Scaramucci, a New York financier who was ousted after just 10 days following an obscene tirade he made to a reporter for The New Yorker magazine. Scaramucci proved to be a divisive figure in the White House. Former press secretary Sean Spicer resigned over his arrival, and Chief of Staff John Kelly, once he took over, fired Scaramucci. Hicks, 28, worked in communications for Trump during his campaign following a tenure with his Trump Organization. She will work with White House press secretary Sarah Sanders, according to the White House.  Scaramucci’s predecessor as communications director, Michael Dubke, resigned in May after about three months in the post.  The search for permanent replacement comes as Trump has repeatedly railed against leaks within his administration. His attorney general has also warned of a possible crackdown on  journalists and their sources who divulge classified information. ",1
2148,Republicans offer few tax plan details at high-profile event,"SANTA BARBARA, Calif. (Reuters) - Republican tax writers from the U.S. House of Representatives promoted their legislative goals at a special gathering in California on Wednesday, but offered few new details about provisions that may end up in their long-sought overhaul plan. As Wall Street analysts warned that President Donald Trump’s controversial statements about Virginia protests on Saturday that turned deadly were hurting Republicans’ prospects for progress on domestic policy, the lawmakers assembled in Santa Barbara to say their tax reform agenda is moving forward. Kevin Brady, chairman of the tax-writing U.S. House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee, spoke in broad brushstrokes about the effort at Rancho del Cielo, the country home of former President Ronald Reagan, a Republican who oversaw the last major tax code overhaul in 1986. “If you look at today’s tax code you can’t even recognize the principles that made the Reagan reforms such a triumph for the American people,” Brady said. Asked whether the plan would have specific provisions, Brady said: “We’re working through the details of the overall tax plan with the White House, President Trump, and Senate tax writers as well.” “We have more work to do. I anticipate continuing to work through August with the White House and Senate, bring forward a tax reform plan at the Ways and Means Committee after we return,” Brady said, adding he wanted to get legislation to Trump before the end of the year. Brady was joined by Representatives Peter Roskam, David Schweikert and Carlos Curbelo, all Republican committee members. Market expectations for tax reform have declined in recent weeks, analysts said, and dimmed further after Trump’s Tuesday press conference, where he said both sides were to blame for a deadly rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, between neo-Nazis, white supremacists and counter-protestors. Before the event, Curbelo, the son of Cuban exiles who emigrated to the United States, told reporters that Trump’s remarks marked “the lowest point yet” in his presidency. “In a way we’ve become accustomed to working in a very distracting environment. That’s not new. Now this is on a whole different scale,” he said. “While you have all of these other headlines, the public isn’t going to be paying very much attention to the legislative agenda.” Still searching for his first major legislative achievement after 208 days in office, Trump has refocused on overhauling the tax code, but he has been constantly distracted by controversies involving North Korea, race relations and investigations of possible ties between his 2016 campaign and Moscow. Trump was forced to disband two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after corporate CEOs quit the committees in protest over his remarks about the violence in Charlottesville. Brady has remained bullish on the chances for a tax overhaul even after a Republican push to dismantle Obamacare collapsed in July. At Wednesday’s event he told reporters the differences between a healthcare and tax overhaul are “just about everything.” As they did with Obamacare, the party has launched a nationwide publicity campaign for tax reform without first hammering out the final details of their proposal. The 1986 tax overhaul under Reagan was the result of a multi-year, bipartisan negotiation. Republicans are seeking to do key portions of tax reform within months, without Democratic support. Republicans have not yet introduced tax legislation and party leaders have already discarded key pieces of their initial, ambitious plan. No revenue-raising provisions have been agreed upon to replace those that were discarded. Corporate lobbyists and independent experts have said Congress and Trump are far apart on critical issues, such as how to slash rates without ballooning the federal deficit. Brady downplayed those differences on Wednesday, saying they planned to unify behind “one bold plan.” ",1
2149,Pence says NAFTA renegotiation will be a 'win win win',"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the NAFTA trade pact between the United States, Mexico and Canada will be a “win win win.”  Speaking to business leaders in Santiago, Pence added it was important for Chile to comply with the intellectual property rights section of its free trade agreement with the United States and that he had urged President Michelle Bachelet to make TV piracy a criminal offense. ",1
2150,U.S. court rules Arkansas can block Planned Parenthood funding,"(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday reversed a ruling that prevented Arkansas from cutting off Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood following the release of controversial videos secretly recorded by an anti-abortion group. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis reversed a ruling forbidding Arkansas from carrying through with Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson’s directive to suspend Medicaid reimbursements to a Planned Parenthood affiliate. U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker in Little Rock had ruled in favor of three women who claimed Arkansas violated their rights under the federal Medicaid law to choose any qualified provider offering services they were seeking. But by a 2-1 vote, a 8th Circuit said the provision of the Medicaid law the women relied on does not unambiguously create a federal right for individual patients that they could enforce in court. U.S. Circuit Judge Steven Colloton wrote that the lack of such a right does not mean state officials have unlimited authority to terminate Medicaid providers. “We conclude only that Congress did not unambiguously confer the particular right asserted by the patients in this case,” he wrote. U.S. Circuit Judge Michael Melloy dissented, saying four other appeals courts have reached the opposite conclusion and found a private right of enforcement existed. Raegan McDonald-Mosley, chief medical officer of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, in a statement said the fight “is not over.” “We will do everything in our power to protect our patients’ access to birth control cancer screenings, and other lifesaving care,” McDonald-Mosley said. Arkansas cut off funds for Planned Parenthood after the anti-abortion activist group Center for Medical Progress released videos in 2015 it claimed showed the group’s officials negotiating the sale of fetal body parts for profit.  Planned Parenthood has denied the allegation and says 13 states that investigated those claims have cleared it of wrongdoing. Hutchinson, who was among Republican governors nationally who targeted the organization following those videos, welcomed Wednesday’s ruling. “This is a substantial legal victory for the right of the state to determine whether Medicaid providers are acting in accordance with best practices and affirms the prerogative of the state to make reasoned judgments on the Medicaid program,” he said in a statement. Planned Parenthood does not perform surgical abortions in Arkansas, which forbids public funding of abortions except in cases of rape or incest. But it provides other gynecological services as well as birth control and breast examinations. ",1
2151,Sessions slams Chicago sanctuary policies,"(Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday strongly criticized the city of Chicago’s political leadership, citing its so-called sanctuary policies as an example of the breakdown of law and order in the country.   Sessions has begun imposing new restrictions on some law enforcement grants to cities that decline to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Chicago, along with the state of California and city of San Francisco, sued this month over those conditions. President Donald Trump frequently criticizes Chicago and its high murder rate, and cracking down on illegal immigration was a theme of his 2016 presidential campaign. Democratic city and state leaders argue that sanctuary policies build trust between immigrant communities and law enforcement, which helps deter crime. In a speech in Miami, Sessions praised leaders of Miami-Dade County for complying with requirements that allow federal immigration authorities access to detainees in local jails. Chicago’s refusal to do the same has made it a haven for predators and drug dealers, Sessions said. “Respect for the rule of law has broken down,” Sessions said. “In Chicago, I suggest, the so-called ‘sanctuary’ policies are just one sad example.” Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement the city “will not cave” to federal officials.   “In a week in which the Trump administration is being forced to answer questions about neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and the KKK,” Emanuel said, “they could not have picked a worse time to resume their attack on the immigrants who see America as a beacon of hope.” Sessions said Miami-Dade County’s homicide count is barely a third of what it was in the 1980s, and this year Chicago has more than three times as many as Miami-Dade does. The county includes the city of Miami and surrounding areas, and is  similar in population size to Chicago. Immigration advocates say there is no correlation between immigration and violent crime. Los Angeles, which also has embraced sanctuary city policies, has seen a sharp drop in homicides since they reached a high in the early 1990s.  In 1992, 1,094 people were killed in the city, according to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting statistics. In 2016, the Los Angeles Police Department reported 294 homicides. Chicago police superintendent Eddie Johnson said in a statement that shootings are down 16 percent this year, and that undocumented immigrants are not driving violence in the city. ",1
2152,U.S. ends program for Central American minors fleeing violence,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Homeland Security terminated a program on Wednesday that allowed minors fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to settle in the United States, ending travel hopes for more than 2,700 children awaiting approval. In a notice published in the Federal Register that goes into effect Aug. 16, the government said it was ending the practice of granting parole under the Central American Minors (CAM) Program, which was offered to children even if they had been denied refugee status. The program started at the end of 2014 under the administration of former President Barack Obama as a response to tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors and families from Central America who arrived at the U.S.-Mexico border seeking entry into the United States.   An executive order on border security signed by U.S. President Donald Trump days after he took office in January triggered a review of the program, putting on hold applications of more than 2,700 children who had been conditionally approved for entry into the United States. Now those applications will be canceled. The bulk of the children approved for the program were from El Salvador. Immigration advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense (KIND) said that cancelling the program would lead to more children to try to find other means to enter the United States.  “These children have been repeatedly told by the U.S. government, including the Trump Administration, not to migrate to the United States due to safety concerns,” the organization said in a statement. “Now this Administration is cutting off the only authorized channel and leaving children no choice but to make the perilous journey to the United States.” The program allowed children under 21 years old with parents lawfully living in the United States to apply for a refugee resettlement interview before making the journey to the United States.  As of August 4, more than 1,500 children and eligible family members had arrived in the United States as refugees under the CAM program, according to the State Department.  Children who did not qualify for refugee status and had no other means of reuniting with their parents in the United States  could also apply for entry under the program. They would be approved for parole for two years, allowing them to travel and stay in the United States and apply for work permits.   Since its inception, more than 1,400 children were granted parole and allowed to travel to the United States. They included  1,110 from El Salvador, 324 from Honduras and 31 from Guatemala, according to a spokesman from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).  Now, they will have to re-apply for parole once their two-year term expires but will only be able to have it renewed if they can demonstrate “an urgent humanitarian or a significant public benefit reason” for them to stay, the federal register said. Parole decisions would be determined on a case-by-case basis. More than 13,000 people have applied for the program since it began, the State Department said. Around 1 percent of applicants were denied both for refugee status and parole, according to the USCIS spokesman. The refugee portion of the program will not be affected by Wednesday’s termination and children stranded abroad can still apply as refugees.  ",1
2153,Trump to make August cost-sharing payments to health insurers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration will make cost-sharing payments to insurance companies under Obamacare for August, a White House spokesman said on Wednesday, but the announcement did little to quell long-term concerns about the insurance market. President Donald Trump, a Republican, has repeatedly threatened to stop the payments, which are made directly to insurance companies to help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans enrolled in individual healthcare plans under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The payments are estimated to amount to $7 billion in 2017.  The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services also said on Wednesday that two counties were projected to have no insurer in 2018 selling plans on the individual market created under former Democratic President Barack Obama’s healthcare policy, down from 40 earlier this year.  Both announcements could bring some short-term stability to insurance markets, but the long-term outlook is uncertain, said Cynthia Cox, policy researcher and associate director at the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation. Over the past several months, Trump and Republicans lawmakers who control both chambers of Congress, regularly pointed to the number of expected so-called bare counties in 2018 to argue for a bill repealing and replacing Obamacare. Insurers are still unsure whether Republicans will again try to repeal or replace the law when they return in September from a recess and whether the Trump administration will permanently make the insurer payments. They also do not know whether the administration will enforce a requirement of the ACA that all Americans buy health insurance or else pay a fine. It is unclear whether the federal government played a role in providing incentives to insurers to offer plans in bare counties, many of which were at risk because Anthem Inc, one of the largest remaining Obamacare insurers, pared back its offerings in several states, said Cox. State officials and insurance commissioners have worked to provide incentives and Centene Corp has filled in many of the gaps. “Health plans have been working hard with insurance commissioners and state leaders to ensure that Americans who buy their own coverage have options that are as affordable as possible,” said Kristine Grow, spokeswoman for insurer lobbying group, America’s Health Insurance Plans. “This is a demonstration of that commitment.” The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday estimated that health insurance premiums for many customers on the Obamacare individual insurance markets would be 20 percent higher in 2018 if Trump stopped the insurer payments. ",1
2154,Mexico says it is too soon to bridge gulf on NAFTA views,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mexico’s economy minister on Wednesday said the first day of talks to rewrite a trade pact between the United States, Mexico and Canada produced no surprises and the three sides did not yield any ground on their positions. “I think it’s too soon to have the aspiration of narrowing,  on the first day of negotiations, the differences that we obviously have,” Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo told reporters. ",1
2155,Trump business policy forum says disbanding due to 'distraction',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum is disbanding because debate over member participation “has become a distraction” from its goals of aiding policy discussions, the business advisory group said in a statement on Wednesday. “As such, the President and we are disbanding the Forum,” the group said. “Intolerance, racism and violence have absolutely no place in this country and are an affront to core American values,” it said, after corporate CEOs quit two Trump  business advisory councils in protest at his remarks blaming violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, not only on white nationalists but also on the protesters who opposed them.  ",1
2156,Surveys contradict Trump claim that Comey had lost FBI confidence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Annual employee surveys released by the FBI on Wednesday show former Director James Comey was highly regarded, contradicting President Donald Trump’s claim when he fired Comey this year that he had lost the confidence of the agency’s workers. The voluntary survey conducted in 2017 showed Comey received top marks on all but two of more than 90 questions. He scored high marks for expressing a compelling vision for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and helping morale, with respondents strongly agreeing that they would choose to work with him again. The findings contradict statements made by Trump and White House officials at the time of Comey’s firing on May 9. Trump insisted he fired Comey because of job performance and told a news conference the FBI chief “was very unpopular with most people.” Trump portrayed the FBI under Comey as being a mess. Comey told a Senate panel that White House claims the FBI was in disarray and poorly led were “lies, plain and simple.” Other senior FBI officials praised Comey and said they were proud to have worked with him, but the workplace surveys were the first broad measure of employee sentiment toward him. Trump’s reasons for firing Comey shifted over time, and he told one interviewer the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election was on his mind when he made the decision. Comey told lawmakers he thought he was fired because of the Russia investigation. His firing is now part of special counsel Robert Mueller’s probe into ties between Russian officials and Trump’s political campaign. ",1
2157,Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum to disband: source,"(Reuters) - Members of U.S. President Donald Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum have decided to disband the group, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday. ",1
2158,Trump says ending two CEO advisory panels: tweet,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump dismantled two CEO advisory panels on Wednesday as a growing number of chief executives announced their resignations following his response to a weekend of violence in Virginia that stoked racial tensions nationwide. “Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!” Trump wrote on Twitter.  ",1
2159,Republican senator Graham says Trump's race remarks dividing U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham on Wednesday called out fellow Republican President Donald Trump, saying his remarks in the wake of last weekend’s violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, were dividing the nation and at odds with many Republicans’ views. “Your words are dividing Americans, not healing them,” Graham said in a statement. On Tuesday, Trump “took a step backward by again suggesting there is moral equivalency between the white supremacist neo-Nazis and KKK members who attended the Charlottesville rally and” others opposed to such groups.  ",1
2160,Trump-backed candidate for Senate heads to Alabama run-off,"(Reuters) - A Republican candidate backed by President Donald Trump for a U.S. Senate seat from Alabama is expected to finish a distant second in a primary election on Tuesday, but will still have enough votes to advance to a run-off, local news projected. In the election for the seat vacated by Republican Jeff Sessions when he became U.S. attorney general, Luther Strange, who was appointed to the seat and was backed by Trump, will move to the Republican primary along with former Alabama Supreme Court Chief justice Roy Moore, the projections said. Neither candidate captured more than 50 percent of the vote required for an outright victory. With 60 of the state’s 67 counties reporting, Moore had 43.8 percent of the vote while Strange had 31.7 percent, official results showed. Strange, a former Alabama attorney general, has close ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has been feuding with Trump lately over stalled effort to pass health care reform. Strange scored the president’s surprise endorsement last week and Trump reiterated his support for Strange in an automated phone call to voters on Monday. “He’s helping me in the Senate,” Trump said. “He’s going to get the tax cuts for us. He’s doing a lot of things for the people of Alabama.” Moore was effectively ousted as Alabama’s chief justice in 2016 for defying the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling legalizing gay marriage. It was the second time that he was suspended from the bench. The first was in 2003 after refusing a federal court order to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from the courthouse.  U.S. Representative Mo Brooks came in third in the Republican primary and will not advance to the Sept. 26 runoff. The top candidates have battled for weeks over which of them is most supportive of Trump’s legislative agenda. In the Democratic primary, Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney backed by former Vice President Joe Biden, is projected to be the outright winner and a long shot to win the seat in the Republican-dominated state. ",1
2161,McConnell says all need to stand against hate and violence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday “messages of hate and bigotry” from white supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups should not be welcome anywhere in the United States. “We can have no tolerance for an ideology of racial hatred. There are no good neo-nazis, and those who espouse their views are not supporters of American ideals and freedoms. We all have a responsibility to stand against hate and violence, wherever it raises its evil head,” McConnell said in a statement. ",1
2162,German politicians accuse Trump of trivializing Nazi violence,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Senior German politicians on Wednesday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of trivializing violence by white supremacists in Virginia and called for a clear rejection of their ideology. Governments could only win the fight against hatred, racism and anti-Semitism by rejecting such ideology and the willingness to use violence, said Martin Schulz, the center-left candidate for chancellor, adding that this applies to Germany and the United States. “The trivialization of Nazi violence by the confused utterances of Donald Trump is highly dangerous,” said Schulz, leader of the Social Democrats (SPD). “We should not tolerate the monstrosities coming out of the president’s mouth,” he told the RND newspaper group in an interview. Republican leaders criticized Trump for saying leftist counter-protesters were also to blame for violence last Saturday in Charlottesville that left one person dead and several injured. His comments won praise from white far-right groups. Schulz is the main challenger to Chancellor Angela Merkel at a Sept. 24 election. The SPD, junior partner in Merkel’s grand coalition, trails Merkel’s conservatives in polls. Schulz’s comments were echoed by Justice Minister Heiko Maas, another senior member of the SPD. “It is unbearable how Trump is now glossing over the violence of the right-wing hordes from Charlottesville,” Maas said in a statement, reflecting concern across the German political spectrum about the Trump presidency. “No one should trivialize anti-Semitism and racism by neo-Nazis,” said Maas, senior member of the co-governing SPD. Schulz and Maas are the highest-ranking German politicians to criticize Trump’s rhetoric about the violence. The country has tough laws against hate speech and any symbols linked to Adolf Hitler and the Nazis, who ruled from 1933 until their defeat in 1945.  Merkel told broadcaster Phoenix on Monday that clear and forceful action was required to combat right-wing extremism, noting that Germans had also seen a rise in anti-Semitism and had “quite a lot to do at home ourselves”. Trump has come under increasing pressure over his stance on the violence, with many members of his own Republican party and U.S. business executives distancing themselves from him. Trump on Tuesday said his original reaction was based on facts he had at the time and said both sides were to blame. The violence erupted during a protest by white nationalists against plans to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee, commander of the pro-slavery Confederate army during the American Civil War. Protesters and counter-protesters clashed in scattered street brawls before a car ploughed into the rally’s opponents, killing one woman and injuring 19 other people. ",1
2163,Key in NAFTA talks is 'not tearing apart what has worked': Mexico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Mexico’s Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Wednesday the issue with renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is “not tearing apart what has worked” but rather finding a way to make the agreement better. Negotiators from the United States, Mexico and Canada kicked off talks on Wednesday to update the 1994 trade deal. ",1
2164,"U.S. trade envoy Lighthizer says NAFTA has ""failed"" Americans","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s top trade official laid down a hard negotiating line for revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement on Wednesday, saying that major changes were needed to slash U.S. trade deficits and boost U.S. content in autos. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said NAFTA had “failed many, many Americans” and Trump was not interested in merely tweaking the 23-year-old pact, and would seek major changes that would increase North American and U.S. content for autos and strong labor standards. “We need to ensure that the huge trade deficits do not continue and we have balance and reciprocity. This should be periodically reviewed,” Lighthizer said in opening remarks at NAFTA negotiations in Washington. “The rules of origin, particularly on autos and auto parts, must require higher NAFTA content and substantial U.S. content.” ",1
2165,"Opposed from the start, the rocky history of NAFTA","(Reuters) - Negotiators from Canada, Mexico and the United States kick off an ambitious first round of trade talks on Wednesday as the countries try to fast-track a deal to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement by early next year. Following are significant moments in the history of the deal: * June 10, 1990: U.S. President George H.W. Bush and Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari issue a statement endorsing a new, comprehensive free trade pact between the two neighbors, ordering talks to begin. Canada would join the talks in 1991, paving the way for three-way negotiations. The United States and Canada inked a bilateral free trade deal in 1988. * Nov. 3, 1992: Running as an independent for president in the United States, Ross Perot claims the proposed North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), would lead to a “giant sucking sound” of jobs rushing to Mexico. Bill Clinton wins the election, defeating incumbent Bush. Perot wins 19 percent of vote to place a strong third.  * Dec. 17, 1992: NAFTA is signed by outgoing Bush, Mexico’s Salinas de Gortari and Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, creating the world’s largest free trade area. The timing was, in part, aimed at making it harder for President-elect Clinton to pursue major changes; Clinton had endorsed the deal but insisted on environmental and labor side agreements. * Jan. 1, 1994: NAFTA comes into effect, and a Mayan Indian guerrilla army in southern Mexico launches an armed rebellion against “neo-liberalism” and explicitly against the free trade deal. The declaration of war against the Mexican government leads to days of fighting and dozens of deaths before the rebels retreat into the jungle. * Nov. 30, 1999: Tens of thousands of anti-globalization protesters converge on the U.S. city of Seattle, leading to widespread rioting coinciding with a ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization, which was seeking to launch new international trade talks. The protests underscore growing, if scattered, opposition to free trade deals like NAFTA. * July 16, 2004: Senior trade officials from Canada, the United States and Mexico issue a joint statement touting a decade’s worth of expanded trade in North America. Three-way-trade more than doubled to reach $623 billion while cumulative foreign direct investment increases by over $1.7 trillion compared to pre-NAFTA levels. * Dec. 11, 2001: China formally joins the World Trade Organization, integrating the Asian giant more deeply into the global economy. Easing trade with China intensifies a trend that had been seen since NAFTA came into effect as the U.S. trade deficit soared to more than $800 billion by 2006. * Jan. 1, 2008: NAFTA is fully implemented as the last of its polices come into effect. In many sectors, NAFTA stipulates that trade barriers would only gradually be phased out, which was designed to smooth economic shocks in vulnerable industries. By this time, trade within the three North American nations has more than tripled since NAFTA began.  * July 19, 2016: Billionaire businessman and political outsider Donald Trump formally clinches the Republican presidential nomination, winning the traditionally pro-free-trade party’s nod in part by denouncing NAFTA, calling it “the worst trade deal ever.”  * Aug. 16, 2017: High-stakes talks aimed at “modernizing” NAFTA kick off in Washington, with both U.S. and Mexican officials aiming to conclude a new pact in early 2018 before elections later in the year in both nations might derail negotiations. A second round of talks is due to take place in Mexico in September. ",1
2166,NAFTA nations have powerful shared interest in new deal: Canada,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States, Canada and Mexico have a powerful shared interest in reaching a deal to modernizes the NAFTA trade pact, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Wednesday. “Strong economic fundamentals are a compelling argument for bolstering what works, and improving what can be made better,” she said at the start of talks to update the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement.  ",1
2167,Snubbed Federal Reserve nominee a warning as Trump struggles to fill key posts,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allan Landon prepared for his job at the Federal Reserve for two-and-a-half years during the Obama administration before his nomination sank into the partisan quicksand of Washington D.C., a swamp which has only deepened under President Donald Trump, leaving more vacancies than ever at the top of the U.S. federal government.  Former U.S. President Barack Obama nominated Landon as a Fed governor in early 2015. With the community-banking experience sought by the Republicans who controlled Congress and a non-partisan background, he should have avoided any political pitfalls on the way to Senate confirmation.  Landon, a former Bank of Hawaii chief executive, began preparing for the job immediately after the White House’s initial phone call in mid-2014. He sold assets, stepped back from university lecturing and corporate boards, met Fed Chair Janet Yellen and U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, and even attended a Senate confirmation hearing to study for his own.       But his confirmation hearing never came.  Neither the Republican Senator who chaired the key committee, Richard Shelby, nor his staff met with Landon, he said in an interview.  While not bitter, he was left disillusioned by an increasingly political nomination system that can block promising candidates from public service, leaving top jobs unfilled at agencies and departments across Washington.  “Along the way you run into some things that are hard to understand if you are outside the system,” Landon, 69, told Reuters from his home in Park City, Utah. “It requires a level of trust and confidence, and when you wait two years you conclude that maybe that really never existed.”    Republican party control of both the White House and the congressional committees that approve nominees has not solved these problems during the Trump administration.  A dearth of nominations by Trump, hearings delayed by Democrats, and disinterest by prospective candidates has left  most of the 577 key federal government positions requiring Senate confirmation unfilled.  According to the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service,  an organization whose mission is to inspire a new generation of civil servants, Trump had nominated 277 people to these top government positions by Wednesday, compared to 433 nominees at this point in Obama’s first presidential term, and 414 in that of President George W. Bush.  Obama and Bush each had more than twice as many nominees confirmed at this point than does Trump, who has 124. Big staffing vacancies remain at the U.S. departments of State, Justice and Defense, and some high-profile names have backed down after having been nominated. Three vacancies remain at the Federal Reserve, which has not had a full slate of seven board governors for more than a decade. “It’s a brutal, long road and it seems to be getting worse,” former Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser said of the nomination process.  As part of his vetting in late 2014, in which he and his wife almost leased a home in the trendy Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington D.C., Landon said he “felt an obligation to help” when he realized the sitting Fed governors were doing the jobs of two or three people. “You wish there were a more certain path to the job,” he said.  (For a graphic of the Fed's doves and hawks, click here) ",1
2168,Factbox: Key issues in the NAFTA renegotiations,"(Reuters) - Negotiators from Canada, Mexico and the United States will kick off an ambitious first round of trade talks on Wednesday as the countries try to fast-track a deal to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement by early next year. The key issues facing negotiators include: RULES OF ORIGIN: NAFTA says in order for a good to be traded duty-free within the three countries, it must contain a certain percentage of North American content, which differs for various products. The rule of origin is most contentious in the auto industry; cars must contain at least 62.5 percent American, Canadian or Mexican content. The United States wants to increase the content threshold for NAFTA goods in a bid to return manufacturing jobs to the United States, and the auto industry has conceded that the rules should be updated to account for auto components that did not exist when the original deal was signed. Canada has said it is prepared to discuss some strengthening of rule of origin in the auto sector, but that any change must apply equally to all three countries. Mexico is willing to look at strengthening rules, but warns that going to far will make the region less competitive. DISPUTE RESOLUTION: The United States has sought to ditch the so-called Chapter 19 tool, under which binational panels hear complaints about illegal subsidies and dumping and then issue binding decisions. The United States has frequently lost such cases since NAFTA came into effect in 1994, and the mechanism has hindered it from pursing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Canadian and Mexican companies. Washington also argues that Chapter 19 infringes on the sovereignty of its domestic laws. Canada has said Chapter 19 can be updated, but said a dispute settlement mechanism is its “red line” and must be part of any updated NAFTA. Mexico also says dispute settlement mechanisms are a vital part of the deal to give investors security. SUPPLY MANAGEMENT: Quotas are a feature of NAFTA in several agricultural commodities including dairy and sugar, but Washington is seeking to eliminate non-tariff barriers to U.S. agricultural exports. Most notably, U.S. President Donald Trump has called Canada’s restrictions on dairy imports a “disgrace.” Although dairy was excluded from the original 1994 deal, the United States is seeking to eliminate non-tariff barriers to its agricultural exports.  CURRENCY MANIPULATION: The United States is seeking a provision to deter currency manipulation. While Washington wants a mechanism to ensure the NAFTA countries avoid tinkering with exchange rates to gain a competitive advantage, neither Canada nor Mexico is on the U.S. Treasury’s currency manipulation watch list. Critics say the U.S. demand is an attempt to get currency manipulation into a global trade agreement to establish a precedent with other trading partners, including China. GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT: The United States is pushing for national, state and local governments in Canada and Mexico to open up their tender processes to U.S.-made products but at the same time is defending existing “Buy American” procurement laws. The Buy American provisions have blocked the use of Canadian steel to build U.S. bridges, and Canada is pushing for a freer market for government procurement. Mexico says it expects government procurement, already included in NAFTA, to be part of the renegotiation. INVESTOR-STATE DISPUTE SETTLEMENT: The United States has proposed minor tweaking of the NAFTA Chapter 11 provisions, which are designed to ensure firms that invest abroad receive “fair and equitable” treatment by foreign governments. As with Chapter 19, opponents of the provisions argue they infringe on sovereignty which benefits multinational corporations. Canada wants to update the mechanism to allow governments to regulate in the interest of the environment or labor, as in the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement that Canada recently negotiated with the European Union.  ",1
2169,Texas 'bathroom bill' dies in special legislative session,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Texas measures criticized as being discriminatory for limiting transgender people’s access to bathrooms in schools and public buildings died on Tuesday, as the House adjourned and ended its special legislative session. Business leaders and civil rights groups had battled to defeat the bills, saying they advanced bigotry, would tarnish the state’s image and damage its economy. The measures were blocked by moderate House Republicans.  Adoption by Texas, the most populous Republican-dominated state, could have fed momentum in other socially conservative states on the issue, a flashpoint in the U.S. culture wars. “Finally, Texans can breathe a temporary sigh of relief,” said JoDee Winterhof, an official of the Human Rights Campaign that lobbied against the bills. “Texans don’t want harmful, anti-transgender legislation,” Winterhof, the campaign’s senior vice president for policy and political affairs, said in a statement. Momentum for so-called bathroom bills stalled this year when  North Carolina partially repealed a similar law in March. The original law prompted boycotts by athletic bodies and businesses that are estimated to have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars. Texas could have lost about $5.6 billion through 2026 if it had enacted such a measure, said the Texas Association of Business, the state’s leading employer grouping. The House wound up its duties without taking action on any of the bills and adjourned “sine die,” a day ahead of the official end of the 30-day special session. House Speaker Joe Straus, a pro-business Republican who controls the agenda in the chamber, said the issue was not a priority. Straus’ position was reinforced by a well-financed campaign by major corporations, including Texas-based energy companies Halliburton and ExxonMobil Global Services, which have said the bills would make it hard for them to recruit top talent. The measure that advanced the farthest was Senate Bill 3, which passed easily on a party-line vote in the Republican-controlled Senate and then died in the House. It would have required people to use restrooms, showers and locker rooms in public schools and other state and local government facilities that match the sex on their birth certificate, as opposed to their gender identity. Supporters, including Republican Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a staunch social conservative, say the proposed curbs promote public safety and protect vulnerable women and children. ",1
2170,Trump infrastructure push rolls back environmental rules,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday rolled back rules regarding environmental reviews and restrictions on government-funded building projects in flood-prone areas as part of his proposal to spend $1 trillion to fix aging U.S. infrastructure.  Trump’s latest executive order would speed approvals of permits for highways, bridges, pipelines and other major building efforts. It revokes an Obama-era executive order aimed at reducing exposure to flooding, sea level rise and other consequences of climate change. “It’s going to be quick. It’s going to be a very streamlined process. And by the way, if it doesn’t meet environmental safeguards, we’re not going to approve it - very simple,” Trump said at a press conference at Trump Tower in New York. President Trump promised in his election campaign to press for widespread deregulation to spur business spending. The former New York real state developer has complained that it takes too long to get permits for big construction projects. Business groups praised the streamlining of regulations, while environmental groups and others criticized the order, saying it would lead to riskier projects, waste taxpayer dollars and result in a “climate catastrophe.” The American Petroleum Institute said in a statement that the order reflects recommendations the oil industry lobby group submitted to the Commerce Department in March. The National Association of Home Builders also praised the Trump administration’s move, saying the flood rules had raised the cost of housing. But the environmental group Oil Change International said the order would silence local communities that have safety and environmental concerns about major projects like pipelines. “If Trump has his way, we’ll be facing a fossil fuel buildout that locks America into climate catastrophe,” said Janet Redman, U.S. Policy Director at Oil Change International. The order would set a two-year goal for completing permits needed on major infrastructure plans, and create a “one Federal decision” protocol that would appoint a lead federal agency to work with other agencies to complete the environmental reviews and permitting for infrastructure projects. The Trump administration has issued dozens of rules and orders to reverse Obama-era regulations addressing climate change and its consequences such as rising sea levels and more severe storms. The administration proposes $200 billion in government funding over 10 years as part of a goal of getting $1 trillion in public and private infrastructure spending. The Obama-era standard required that builders factor in scientific projections for increased flooding and ensure projects can withstand rising sea levels and stronger downpours. It required all federal agencies apply the standard to public infrastructure projects from housing to highways. Rafael Lemaitre, former director of public affairs at FEMA who worked on the Obama-era order, said Trump is undoing “the most significant action taken in a generation” to safeguard U.S. infrastructure. “Eliminating this requirement is self-defeating; we can either build smarter now, or put taxpayers on the hook to pay exponentially more when it floods. And it will,” he said. ",1
2171,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (August 15) - Luther Strange, Manufacturing Council","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc. [0630 EDT] - Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great! [0808 EDT] - For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! [1121 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2172,U.S. court strikes down two Republican-drawn Texas congressional districts,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A U.S. court struck down two Republican-drawn U.S. congressional districts in Texas on Tuesday, saying they were discriminatory and ordering a remedy ahead of elections in 2018, court papers showed. In the case that has been contested in federal courts for about six years, a three-judge panel at U.S. District Court in San Antonio ruled lawmakers drew up the districts to undermine the influence of racial minority voters, who plaintiffs argued typically show more support for Democrats than Republicans.  The court also said that the maps laying them out must either be fixed by the state or the courts. The court said the 27th and 35th congressional districts were drawn in violation of the U.S. Voting Rights Act. Texas has 36 districts, with Republicans holding 25 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives and Democrats 11. The court also faulted the state’s legislature for not heeding previous judicial plans and for making inadequate fixes to the maps drawn in 2011. “The discriminatory taint was not removed by the Legislature’s enactment of the Court’s interim plans,” the judges said in their decision. Texas Democrats saw the decision as a victory. “Republicans initiated a deceitful legal strategy to deliberately silence Texans from having a voice in their own government. Today, the Court unanimously agreed,” Texas Democratic Party Chair Gilberto Hinojosa said in a statement. Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said the court did rule in Texas’ favor in finding that one contested district, District 23, was lawful. However, Paxton said in a statement the state has been abiding by the law and prior court guidance and he intended to ask the U.S. Supreme Court whether Texas “had discriminatory intent when relying on the district court.” In court, lawyers for Texas argued that the boundaries were drawn for Republican partisan advantage, which they said is legal. They dismissed claims the districts were drawn illegally with the intention to disenfranchise racial and ethnic groups. ",1
2173,Banish Bannon? Trump weighs his options as top aides feud,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - For months, U.S. President Donald Trump’s national security adviser and his chief strategist have battled for influence behind the scenes, and their feud may force another shake-up at the White House. The dispute between Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster and political strategist Stephen Bannon has reached a level of animosity that is destabilizing Trump’s team of top advisers just as the administration tries to regain lost momentum, three senior officials said.  Under pressure from moderate Republicans to fire Bannon, Trump declined to publicly back him on Tuesday, although he left his options open. “We’ll see what happens with Mr. Bannon,” he told reporters at Trump Tower in New York. Whatever Trump decides could chart the fate of a nuclear-weapons deal with Iran, U.S. troop deployments to Afghanistan and White House staffing decisions - all issues over which Bannon and McMaster have sparred. Bannon has been in a precarious position before but Trump has opted to keep him, in part because his chief strategist played a major role in his election victory and is backed by many of the president’s most loyal rank-and-file supporters. “The president obviously is very nervous and afraid of firing him,” a source close to the White House told Reuters. The source floated the possibility that Bannon could be demoted instead of fired, noting that he might turn into a harsh critic of the administration if he is forced out of the inner circle.  Two other senior officials, both supporters of McMaster who asked not to be identified, said he blames Bannon for a series of attacks against him by right-wing website Breitbart News, which Bannon used to lead, and other far-right conservative groups.  In recent weeks, Breitbart has published a series of articles making a case for McMaster’s ouster on the basis that he is not a strong ally of Israel and that he has staffed the National Security Council with holdovers from the Obama administration. One of the senior officials said McMaster’s anger over the campaign “is known to the president” but declined to say whether the national security adviser had told Trump directly or through General John Kelly, an ally and the president’s new chief of staff. “McMaster isn’t saying Bannon is the mastermind behind the campaign, but he does think Bannon could stop it if he wanted to,” said one of McMaster’s defenders. In a television interview on Sunday, McMaster repeatedly declined to answer when asked if he could work with Bannon. About their feud, Bannon declined to comment and McMaster was unavailable for comment. Instead of firing Bannon, Trump could move McMaster into a position outside the White House, possibly back to an active military command role, or keep both men where they are and insist on some form of truce. Bannon has survived other White House power struggles this year and established a detente with Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner after a scolding from the president. The two senior officials who support McMaster said Kelly is angry that the anti-McMaster campaign has made the White House appear chaotic, reflecting badly on him as he was brought in as chief of staff two weeks ago to restore order and discipline. Bannon sees himself as the defender of Trump’s nationalist base and has advocated for both an end or renegotiation of trade deals and a more isolationist approach to foreign affairs than McMaster.  He has pushed to scrap the 2015 nuclear-weapons agreement with Iran, which McMaster argues should remain in place, and has also proposed using contractors to fight the war in Afghanistan rather than expanding U.S. forces there, as McMaster has advocated.  McMaster is part of a more pragmatic group that Bannon likes to label “globalists.” He drew the fury of Bannon’s supporters by recently overhauling the White House’s National Security Council, pushing out four staffers who were seen as close to Bannon. Conservative commentator Mike Cernovich is a Bannon ally and has been a vocal critic of McMaster, even leveling personal attacks against him. Cernovich says he does not talk directly to Bannon but praises him as an important counterweight to McMaster.  He also warns that the president would alienate his most loyal supporters if he fires Bannon. “I don’t think that people who like Trump are suddenly going to say, ‘We’re going to fight Trump.’ Instead they’ll say, ‘What’s the point of supporting him?’” Cernovich told Reuters. The conservative Jewish-American and pro-Israel group Zionist Organization of America (ZOA), which also has close ties to Bannon, has been one of McMaster’s sharpest critics, urging Trump to reassign him away from policy areas dealing with Israel and Iran.  Trump has himself backed McMaster, saying he was a “good man and very pro-Israel”. A source close to the ZOA bristled at the suggestion that Bannon was influencing its approach and said it would not tone down the campaign against McMaster, despite entreaties by Bannon  to do so. “We find it remarkably offensive that anyone would suggest that Steve Bannon or anyone else tells us what to say or what not to say,” the source said. “It makes me feel awful that he’s getting blamed for this, but there’s nothing I can do about it.” ",1
2174,"Charlottesville schools, parents address children's fears after violence","CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - When white supremacists began rallying in downtown Charlottesville this weekend, Liz Licht kept the TV off, trying  to shield her three kids from the hate spewed on the streets of this normally quiet college town. But after learning that a 32-year-old woman who joined a counter-protest was killed by a man described as having neo-Nazi sympathies, Licht could no longer keep news of the violence from her nine-year-old son and seven-year-old twins. “Our son went to bed scared that night,” Licht said. “He said he never really knew evil existed until that day.” Licht joined other parents to call on the local school district to help Charlottesville children exposed to the hate and violence, especially as they leave the safe haven of home to start the school year.  “We want to work with them to develop buddy systems to pair them up with someone who is an immigrant or refugee,” Licht, 41, said on Tuesday as she stood near a pile of flowers marking the street where Heather Heyer was killed. “Make it hands-on, not just talking about it.” Charlottesville Public Schools officials said they are preparing specific plans on how to address the issue when students return to classes next week. School leaders are tweaking their plans for the new year and preparing teachers to handle students’ questions about the violence and hate speech, schools Superintendent Rosa Atkins said in an e-mail. “If we miss these steps, we will miss an opportunity for healing and growth,” Atkins said. Saturday’s rally was the latest in a series of demonstrations by white supremacists in Charlottesville in recent months. It deteriorated into street fighting that culminated in Heyer’s killing, allegedly by 20-year-old James Alex Field, who injured 19 other people by crashing his car into a counter-protest.  Psychologists often warn that young children can be traumatized by images of violence and urge parents to limit their exposure to news accounts of events like Saturday’s rally. But given the white nationalist ideology that drove the “Unite the Right” event, experts said parents and schools should talk directly with their children about their beliefs. “This is a really important teaching moment,” said Gail Saltz, a clinical associate professor of psychiatry at the Cornell School of Medicine. Schools in particular could use the incident as a way to teach students to cope with bullying, by stepping up to object to bullies, rather than being passive bystanders. “Any way that one can be helpful always relieves anxiety,” said Saltz. “You might say to a child that in your microcosm of school, it’s really important to make everyone feel respected.” Corey Eicher, 42, stopped with his daughters, aged seven and four, to leave flowers at the memorial for Heyer. He said he had tried to soothe his children’s fears by talking about the police and race. “We showed them that a lot of the police working that day were black, of every color,” Eicher said. “My older daughter is seven, so she kind of understands what is happening.” Lila’s reaction to Saturday’s events was brief: “Scary.” ",1
2175,"Factbox: Trump's manufacturing panel CEOs, companies comment on Charlottesville","(Reuters) - Four business leaders have resigned this week from U.S. President Donald Trump’s American Manufacturing Council to protest the president’s tepid comments to weekend violence at a rally of white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka became the latest to resign on Tuesday after Trump blamed both sides for the violence that left one woman dead and several others injured.  Merck & Co Inc’s Kenneth Frazier, who is African-American, was the first CEO to leave one of Trump’s presidential advisory councils and was followed by the chief executives of Intel Corp and Under Armour Inc.     Trump on Monday denounced white supremacists, including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan, as “criminals and thugs,” bowing to days of mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly. However, on Tuesday he reverted to his earlier comments blaming “many sides” for the violence. The following are responses from companies and CEOs on Trump’s manufacturing council to the violence in Virginia:  * Dow Chemical Co “I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia,” Chief Executive Andrew Liveris said in a statement.  * Dell Inc [DI.UL] “There’s no change in Dell engaging with the Trump administration and governments around the world to share our perspective on policy issues that affect our company, our customers and our employees,” a Dell Inc spokeswoman said in a statement. CEO Michael Dell plans to remain on the manufacturing council. * General Electric Co  Jeff Immelt will remain on the council while he is the chairman of the company. “GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend,” a company spokesperson said.  * Intel Corp  “There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same,” CEO Brian Krzanich said in a tweet. He later said in a blog post on Intel website that he was exiting the council “to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues.”   * Under Armour Inc  “We are saddened by #Charlottesville. There is no place for racism or discrimination in this world. We choose love & unity,” CEO Kevin Plank, who also left the council, said in a tweet from the company’s Twitter account.  * Whirlpool Corp  Whirlpool will stay on the council. “Whirlpool Corp believes strongly in an open and inclusive culture that respects people of all races and backgrounds. Our company has long fostered an environment of acceptance and tolerance in the workplace,” a company spokeswoman said. * Campbell Soup Co  Chief Executive Denise Morrison will remain on the council. “The reprehensible scenes of bigotry and hatred on display in Charlottesville over the weekend have no place in our society. Not simply because of the violence, but because the racist ideology at the center of the protests is wrong and must be condemned in no uncertain terms,” a company spokesman said in a statement. * American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO) AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka will resign from President Trump’s Council on Manufacturing, effective immediately “I cannot sit on a council for a president that tolerates bigotry and domestic terrorism,” Trumka said.  * Wal-Mart Stores Inc “Representing a company with the largest and one of the most diverse groups of associates in the U.S., and an even more diverse customer base of tens of millions of customers, we believe we should stay engaged to try to influence decisions in a positive way and help bring people together,” Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said.  * Johnson & Johnson  “In the end, I have concluded that Johnson & Johnson has a responsibility to remain engaged, not as a way to support any specific political agenda, but as a way to represent the values of Our Credo as crucial public policy is discussed and developed,” Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky said in a statement. * International Paper Co  “International Paper strongly condemns the violence that took place in Charlottesville over the weekend - there is no place for hatred, bigotry and racism in our society,” a company spokesman said in a statement. * Boeing Co  Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg will stay on the manufacturing council. * U.S. Steel Corp  A spokesperson referred queries related to the American Manufacturing Council back to the White House. ",1
2176,"U.N. chief Guterres condemns racism, xenophobia: Twitter post","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday said that “Racism, xenophobia, anti-Semitism, Islamophobia” were “poisoning our societies,” after violence erupted between left- and right-wing groups in Virginia following a white supremacist rally on Saturday. “We must stand up against them. Every time. Everywhere,” Guterres said in a Twitter post.      ",1
2177,"House tax chairman confident on reform, others less so","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives insisted on Tuesday that tax reform will happen this year, despite concerns among some experts that a tax code overhaul could drag into 2018, or even collapse altogether. President Donald Trump is still seeking his first major legislative achievement and has focused on tax reform. But he has done little to advance it recently, amid constant distractions over Russia, North Korea and race relations. In Congress, as they did for their failed push to dismantle Obamacare, Republicans are ramping up a nationwide publicity campaign in favor of tax law changes without first deciding on exactly what changes they want to make. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, a Texan, is scheduled to deliver a speech on the issue on Wednesday at former President Ronald Reagan’s ranch in Santa Barbara, California. Other committee members will also attend. Ahead of his remarks, Brady told CNBC on Tuesday that the House, Senate and White House are united around a common tax plan, with details being hammered out. No legislation has been introduced. House Republican leaders had an ambitious plan earlier this year, but key pieces of it have been discarded. No replacement revenue-raising provisions have been agreed upon. Nevertheless, Brady said, “We are on track to deliver transformational, bold tax reform this year.” At the same time, he acknowledged that details have yet to be finalized: “We have a lot of work left to do.”    Corporate lobbyists and independent experts said Congress and the administration are far apart on critical issues such as how to slash rates without ballooning the federal deficit. “The Republicans all agree on lower tax rates, just not on how to pay for them,” said Stephen Shay, a Harvard Law School lecturer who advised on tax policy at the U.S. Treasury under former Democratic President Barack Obama. Shay put the odds of tax reform occurring before the November 2018 midterm congressional elections at 50-50.  Expectations for tax reform have fallen off sharply among investors on Wall Street, where many now believe congressional gridlock is more likely than an overhaul. “Economically, it (tax reform) is a no-brainer. But from here to there, it’s a long and winding road. And we’re finding more land mines on that road pretty much every week,” said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer at broker-dealer Commonwealth Financial Network.  Major tax reform last occurred in 1986 as the result of a broadly bipartisan effort that took several years. Under Trump, tax reform is a highly partisan venture.  Republicans have only a few months to overcome internal divisions and other obstacles to get tax reform done by Jan. 1. The push will collide next month with efforts to prevent a government shutdown and a default on U.S. debt.  Still, some experts said tax legislation might still fly. “There’s still an expectation that there will be some sort of tax bill that gets to the president’s desk that he can sign before the midterm elections,” said Rohit Kumar, a tax policy expert at accounting and consulting group PwC and a former senior Senate tax aide.  “I think there’s a lot of uncertainty about whether we can call that ‘tax reform’ or whether that’s something more like ‘tax relief.’” ",1
2178,Neo-Nazi group moves to 'Dark Web' after website goes down,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer, which helped organize a gathering in Virginia on Saturday that turned violent, moved to the so-called Dark Web on Tuesday because its registration to use the open internet was revoked. GoDaddy Inc and Alphabet Inc’s Google canceled Daily Stormer’s Internet registration on Monday, saying the group had violated terms of service, which prohibit clients from using their sites to incite violence. Andrew Anglin, the founder of Daily Stormer, did not respond to requests for comment. Supporters of Daily Stormer took to Twitter on Tuesday to tell people they could gain access to the website on the Dark Web, a portion of the Internet that is not indexed by popular search engines. It can only be seen with a special browser, which hides the identity and location of the users. A 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 other people injured when a man rammed his car into a group of people objecting to a “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. The man has been charged with murder. The violence presented President Donald Trump with one of his biggest domestic political challenges so far in how he has responded to right-wing groups that are a segment of his political base. ",1
2179,"Organizers of white nationalist rally in Virginia, driver sued for $3 million","CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - Two people who say they were injured in a far-right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia sued the man charged with killing a woman by driving his car through the crowd as well as the event’s organizers on Tuesday for $3 million. Tadrint Washington and Micah Washington said in papers filed in Charlottesville circuit court that they had been among the people hurt when James Alex Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one. They had been driving home and their car was struck by Fields car, and some of his pedestrian victims were also hurled onto their vehicle, the lawsuit said. The lawsuit names Fields, “Unite the Right” rally organizer Jason Kessler and about two dozen alt-right leaders and organizations as defendants. “There was no doubt that violence was intended at this rally,” the pair said in the lawsuit, noting that participants came bearing shields and weapons. Kessler has denied that the event was intended to provoke violence, contending that the counter-protesters sparked the fighting and blaming police for failing to protect his group. He could not be reached for comment on Tuesday. Fields has been charged with second-degree murder for killing Heather Heyer with his car, and additional charges for the other 19 people injured. He was denied bail at a Monday court hearing. ",1
2180,"AFL-CIO leader resigns from Trump's council, says president 'tolerates bigotry'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka and Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee resigned on Tuesday from President Donald Trump’s manufacturing council, slamming his remarks about protests in Virginia and saying he “tolerates bigotry and domestic terrorism.” The statement by the AFL-CIO, the largest federation of labor unions in the United States, cited Trump’s remarks at a news conference earlier Tuesday in which he said both left- and right-wing groups were to blame for violence in Virginia after a white supremacist rally on Saturday. “President Trump’s remarks today repudiate his forced remarks yesterday about the KKK and neo-Nazis. We must resign on behalf of America’s working people, who reject all notions of legitimacy of these bigoted groups,” Trumka and Lee said in a statement. ",1
2181,Texas governor signs bill to limit insurance coverage for abortions,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - The Republican governor of Texas signed into law on Tuesday a measure that will restrict insurance coverage for abortions, compelling women to buy a supplemental plan if they want coverage for the procedure. Governor Greg Abbott said the measure known as House Bill 214 would protect abortion opponents from subsidizing the procedure. Democratic critics decried it as forcing people to buy “rape insurance.” Texas, the most-populous Republican-controlled state, has been at the forefront in enacting abortion restrictions, with many of its measures followed by other socially conservative states. But when HB 214 goes into law on Dec. 1, Texas will be the 11th state to restrict abortion coverage in private insurance plans written in the state. “As a firm believer in Texas values, I am proud to sign legislation that ensures no Texan is ever required to pay for a procedure that ends the life of an unborn child,” Abbott said in a statement. The Republican sponsor of a Senate bill on abortion insurance restriction, Brandon Creighton, has told local media supplemental coverage would cost $12 to $80 a year.  House Bill 214, which passed both chambers this month, mostly on a party-line vote, does not offer exceptions for cases of rape or incest. Abortion rights groups said they plan a court fight to prevent it from becoming law. “By signing HB 214 into law, Governor Abbott has told women and parents they must pay extra for what is tantamount to ‘rape insurance,’” Democratic Representative Chris Turner, who opposed the bill, said on Tuesday.  There are 25 states with restrictions on abortion coverage in plans set up by state exchanges as part of the Affordable Care Act under former Democratic President Barack Obama, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks such legislation.  Also on Tuesday, Abbott signed another measure that expands reporting requirements for complications arising from abortions. ",1
2182,Three CEOs resign from Trump council over Charlottesville,"(Reuters) - The chief executives of Intel Corp, Merck & Co Inc and Under Armour Inc resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump’s American Manufacturing Council on Monday, following Trump’s initially tepid response to weekend violence at a rally of white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia. ""I resigned from the council to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues...,"" Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said in a blog post. intel.ly/2fFOjAd Kenneth Fraizer, the chief executive of drugmaker Merck and an African-American, said he left the advisory council because of the president’s reaction after the violence between white supremacists and counter protesters. Frazier cited the need to “take a stand against intolerance and extremism.” The AFL-CIO, a federation of labor unions that represent 12.5 million workers, said it was considering pulling its representative on the committee.  After the white nationalist rally turned deadly on Saturday, Trump initially said that many sides were to blame. On Monday, in a statement, Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs, bowing to mounting political pressure as critics assailed him for not singling out white supremacists. The CEO of Under Armour, Kevin Plank, announced his resignation from the council in a Twitter posting. “We remain resolute in our potential and ability to improve American manufacturing,” said Plank. “However, Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics.” Plank was criticized last winter by some of Under Armour’s biggest stars over his support of Trump, comments that basketball star Stephen Curry echoed. The demonstration in Charlottesville by hundreds of white nationalists took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter protesters and killed one person. ""America's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,"" Frazier said in a statement announcing his resignation. (bit.ly/2fFnITM) “As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” he said. Trump responded shortly later in a tweet, saying, “Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President’s Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump doubled down on his attack later in the day, tweeting that Merck “is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES!” The son of a janitor, Frazier joined Merck as general counsel of one of the drugmaker’s subsidiaries in 1992, working his way up to CEO of the company in 2011.  He made his name as the company’s top lawyer, steering it through daunting litigation over Vioxx, its widely used painkiller that was withdrawn in 2004 after being linked to heart attacks.  Many observers thought Merck would eventually have to shell out $10 billion or more to thousands of plaintiffs over the drug’s withdrawal. But Frazier’s legal strategy led to a $4.85 billion settlement in 2007, allowing Merck to refocus on its pipeline of experimental medicines. Merck shares closed up 0.5 percent on the New York Stock Exchange, roughly in line with the wider market. Frazier frequently made political contributions during the 2016 election, donating to both Republican and Democratic members of Congress but making no donations to a presidential candidate during the year.  The political PAC maintained by Merck and funded through donations from Merck employees made over $1.1 million in candidate contributions during the 2016 campaign - but did not contribute to Trump or his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, according to documents filed with the Federal Elections Commission.  The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, which represents the pharmaceutical industry and lobbies on its behalf in Congress, declined to offer a statement of support for Frazier or to comment on Trump’s reaction.  The industry’s silence comes as Trump is finalizing an executive order on drug prices that would relax industry regulation and contains measures that, some say, would protect existing drug prices or even increase them.  Individually, at least one CEO, John Maraganore of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, tweeted his support, saying he was “proud to stand with leaders like Ken Frazier.” Other top business leaders also spoke out in response to the violence in Charlottesville. “I support Ken Frazier’s decision. I’m thankful we have business leaders such as Ken to remind America of its better angels,” said Hewlett Packard Enterprises CEO Meg Whitman, who ran for governor of California as a Republican in 2010. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein tweeted: “Lincoln: ‘A house divided against itself cannot stand.’ Isolate those who try to separate us. No equivalence w/ those who bring us together.” Richard Trumka, president of the largest federation of U.S. labor unions, the AFL-CIO, questioned the council’s effectiveness and said the group was mulling leaving. “The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the president to do the same,” Trumka said in a statement.  Several executives from top U.S. companies have previously stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies. Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, in June, after Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Musk also left the manufacturing council. Former Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration’s immigration policies. The White House said Sunday that Trump’s remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups. Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - his first major domestic crisis as president - and for failing when he did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.  Trump on Saturday initially denounced what he called “this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.” On Sunday, however, the White House added: “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.” ",1
2183,Trump blasts CEOs who quit advisory panels as 'grandstanders',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday dismissed company executives who have resigned from one of his presidential advisory committees in reaction to his response following weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. “For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!” Trump wrote on Twitter after the chief executives of Merck & Co Inc, Under Armour Inc and Intel Corp left his Presidential Manufacturing Council. ",1
2184,China says it will defend interests if U.S. harms trade ties,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will take action to defend its interests if the United States damages trade ties, the Ministry of Commerce said on Tuesday, after U.S. President Donald Trump authorized an inquiry into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property. Trump’s move, the first direct trade measure by his administration against China, comes at a time of heightened tension over North Korea’s nuclear ambitions, though it is unlikely to prompt near-term change in commercial ties. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will have a year to look into whether to launch a formal investigation of China’s policies on intellectual property, which the White House and U.S. industry groups say are harming U.S. businesses and jobs. The United States should respect objective facts, act prudently, abide by its World Trade Organization pledges, and not destroy principles of multilateralism, an unidentified spokesman of China’s Ministry of Commerce said in a statement. “If the U.S. side ignores the facts, and disrespects multilateral trade principles in taking actions that harms both sides trade interests, China will absolutely not sit by and watch, will inevitably adopt all appropriate measures, and resolutely safeguard China’s lawful rights.”  The ministry said the United States should “treasure” the cooperation and favorable state of China-U.S. trade relations, and warned that any U.S. action to damage ties would “harm both sides trade relations and companies”. China was continuously strengthening its administrative and judicial protections for intellectual property, the ministry added. China’s policy of forcing foreign companies to turn over technology to Chinese joint venture partners and failure to crack down on intellectual property theft have been longstanding problems for several U.S. administrations. Trump administration officials have estimated that theft of intellectual property by China could be worth as much as $600 billion. Experts on China trade policy said the long lead time could allow Beijing to discuss some of the issues raised by Washington without being seen to cave to pressure under the threat of reprisals. China repeatedly rebuffed attempts by previous U.S. administrations to take action on its IP practices, and has insisted it rigorously protects intellectual property. State news agency Xinhua said the U.S. investigation is a unilateralist “baring of fangs” that will hurt both sides. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council said Trump’s memo is only the beginning of the process, but that he expected a decision on how to move forward from the administration in 60-90 days.  “I think it will be much faster than a year,” Parker said. Coming to terms on a bilateral investment treaty would be a better way to get China to address the IP issues, he added. “This isn’t a surprise. Our companies have been honing their crisis communications and internal planning processes since the election. The rhetoric that came up during the campaign led them to take proactive action then. They are prepared, aware and ready for these types of actions going forward.” The investigation is likely to cast a shadow over U.S. relations with China, its largest trading partner, just as Trump is asking it to put more pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear programm. Trump has suggested he would be more amenable to going easy on China over trade if it were more aggressive in reining in North Korea. China has said the issues of trade with the United States should not be linked to the North Korea problem. Ken Jarrett, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, said in a statement on Tuesday that trade and North Korea should not be linked, but that the investigation was a  “measured and necessary step”. “The president’s executive order reflects building frustration with Chinese trade and market entry policies, particularly those that pressure American companies to part with technologies and intellectual property in exchange for market access,” he said.  “Chinese companies operating in the United States do not face this pressure.”  ",1
2185,California sues Trump administration over sanctuary policy,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California sued the U.S. Department of Justice on Monday over federal restrictions on some law enforcement grants to so-called sanctuary cities, continuing a legal counterattack by Democrats against President Donald Trump’s administration. The city of San Francisco also filed its own lawsuit against the Justice Department late last week, saying the federal government has improperly sought to force local jurisdictions to enforce national immigration law by imposing funding conditions. President Donald Trump issued a broad executive order in January targeting wide swaths of federal funding for cities that generally offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws.  However, a San Francisco judge drastically limited the scope of that policy in a previous lawsuit filed by the city. The Justice Department then sought to impose conditions on a national grant for local law enforcement that mandates access to local jails for federal immigration officials, as well as 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations.  California’s lawsuit opposing those conditions, as well as San Francisco’s case, is similar to a legal challenge filed last week by the city of Chicago. In a statement on Monday, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said the state, not the federal government, is best suited to determine how best to allocate its law enforcement resources. “When President Trump threatened to defund our local law enforcement’s ability to do its job and protect our people, he picked the wrong fight,” Becerra said.  A Justice Department spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment. The Trump administration contends that local authorities endanger public safety when they decline to hand over for deportation illegal immigrants arrested for crimes. California receives about $28 million a year in federal law enforcement funding that would be subject to the new conditions, the state said in its lawsuit.  San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera on Monday said San Francisco receives about $1.4 million in such funds. Immigration enforcement is the federal government’s job, he said. “We’re not stopping them,” Herrera said. “But our police and deputies are focused on fighting crime, not breaking up hard-working families.” ",1
2186,U.S. auto safety advocacy group names Obama-era official to top post,"(Reuters) - U.S. auto safety advocacy group Center for Auto Safety has appointed an official with a track record in federal government consumer protection agencies as its new executive director, the industry body said on Tuesday. Jason Levine, who spent about six years at the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission during the administration of former president Barack Obama, succeeds Clarence Ditlow, who died in November last year.  Levine has also served in the Federal Election Commission and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The Center for Auto Safety was founded in 1970 by consumer rights advocate Ralph Nader and Consumers Union. ",1
2187,"Trump on Twitter (Aug 14) - Luther Strange, Merck Pharma, Charlottesville","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA [0626 EDT] - Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. [0638 EDT] - The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! [0654 EDT] - Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President’s Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! [0854 EDT] - .@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! [1809 EDT] - Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House & Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers! [1817 EDT] - Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade. [1822 EDT] - Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people! [1829 EDT] - Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home! [2306 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2188,Trump orders probe of China's intellectual property practices,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property in the first direct trade measure by his administration against Beijing, but one that is unlikely to prompt near-term change. Trump broke from his 17-day vacation in New Jersey to sign the memo in the White House at a time of heightened tensions between Washington and Beijing over North Korea’s nuclear ambitions. The investigation is likely to cast a shadow over relations with China, the largest U.S. trading partner, just as Trump is asking Beijing to step up pressure against Pyongyang.  U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will have a year to look into whether to launch a formal investigation of China’s trade policies on intellectual property, which the White House and U.S. industry lobby groups say are harming U.S. businesses and jobs. Trump called the inquiry “a very big move.” Trump administration officials have estimated that theft of intellectual property by China could be as high as $600 billion. Experts on China trade policy said the long lead time could allow Beijing to discuss some of the issues raised by Washington without being seen to cave to pressure under the threat of reprisals. Although Trump repeatedly criticized China’s trade practices on the campaign trail, his administration has not taken any significant action. Despite threats to do so, it has declined to name China a currency manipulator and delayed broader national security probes into imports of foreign steel and aluminum that could indirectly affect China. China repeatedly rebuffed attempts by previous U.S. administrations to take action on its IP practices.  “I’m sure they will formally reject this if an investigation is launched and there is an implication this is going to require negotiation to resolve it,” said Matthew Goodman, a senior adviser for Asian economics at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies. Jonathan Fenby, an analyst at the TS Lombard consultancy, said China was not interested in a short-term trade fix with the United States and will resist “attempts to tie it down.”  China’s policy of forcing foreign companies to turn over technology to Chinese joint venture partners and failure to crack down on intellectual property theft have been longstanding problems for several U.S. administrations. The Information Technology Industry Council, the main trade group for U.S. technology giants, such as Microsoft (MSFT.O), Apple (AAPL.O) and Google (GOOGL.O), said it hoped China would take the administration’s announcement seriously. “Both the United States and China should use the coming months to address the issues causing friction in the bilateral trade relationship before Presidents Trump and Xi have their anticipated meeting ahead of the November APEC leaders meeting,” ITI President Dean Garfield said in a statement. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the largest business lobbying group, said China needed to end forced technology transfers and to protect foreign intellectual property rights.  In an editorial on Monday, the state-run China Daily newspaper said the investigation will “poison” relations and warned the Trump administration not to make a rash decision it could regret. Trump had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressed for China’s cooperation on North Korea. Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from “unfair trade practices” of foreign countries. ",1
2189,China says it will defend interests if U.S. harms trade ties,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Tuesday that it would take actions to defend its interests if the United States damages trade ties after U.S. President Donald Trump authorized an inquiry into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property. [nL2N1L01G0] The United States should respect objective facts, act prudently, and not destroy principles of multilateralism, China’s Ministry of Commerce said in a statement.  ",1
2190,China state media says U.S. trade probe will hurt both countries,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A decision by the United States to investigate China’s trade practices is a unilateralist “baring of fangs” that will hurt both sides, China’s state news agency Xinhua said on Tuesday. U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property that administration officials said could have cost the United States as much as $600 billion. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will have a year to look into whether to launch a formal investigation of China’s trade policies on intellectual property, which the White House and U.S. industry lobby groups say are harming U.S. businesses and jobs. “While it is still too soon to say that the United States intends a showdown with China on trade, it is no exaggeration that the latest baring of fangs on Washington’s part against China, like all the other unilateral moves by Washington, will hurt not only China, but the United States itself in the long run,” Xinhua said. Xinhua said while Chinese exporters could be the first to suffer from trade sanctions, the pain would soon spread to U.S. industries and households, adding that China was willing to resolve any disputes between the two sides through dialogue. The investigation is likely to cast a shadow over U.S. relations with China, its largest trading partner, just as Trump is asking Beijing to put more pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear program. Ken Jarrett, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, said in a statement on Tuesday that trade and North Korea should not be linked, and said the investigation was a sign of growing U.S. discontent with Chinese trade practices. “The President’s executive order reflects building frustration with Chinese trade and market entry policies, particularly those that pressure American companies to part with technologies and intellectual property in exchange for market access,” he said. “Chinese companies operating in the United States do not face this pressure.” “We support actions that recognize the importance of U.S.-China commercial ties but which also encourage progress toward a more equitable trading relationship,” he said. ",1
2191,Trump to sign executive order Tuesday on infrastructure projects,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday “establishing discipline and accountability in the environmental review and permitting process for infrastructure projects,” the White House said in a statement on Monday. Trump, who is visiting his residence at Trump Tower in New York City, will also participate in a discussion on infrastructure and give a statement on the subject at 3:45 p.m. (1945 GMT). The White House did not give additional details on the executive order. Trump, who was a real estate developer before becoming president, made rebuilding the country’s crumbling infrastructure a top campaign issue. He has proposed leveraging $200 billion in government spending into $1 trillion of projects to privatize the air traffic control system, strengthen rural infrastructure and repair bridges, roads and waterways. In June, Trump said one of the biggest obstacles to new infrastructure projects was “the painfully slow, costly and time-consuming process for getting permits and approvals to build.” ",1
2192,Texas 'bathroom bills' stall in special legislative session,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Texas measures to restrict access for transgender people to bathrooms in schools and public buildings appear doomed after moderate Republican powerbrokers blocked the bills and hundreds of businesses opposed them. The so-called “bathroom bills” have caused rifts among Republicans who control the state’s legislature, leaving no likely path to passage before a 30-day special session wraps on Wednesday, analysts and lawmakers said on Monday. “The bathroom bill in this session is dead and buried with dirt over its coffin,” said Mark Jones, a political science professor at Rice University in Houston. Enactment in Texas, the most populous Republican-dominated state, could give momentum to other socially conservative states for additional action on an issue that has become a flashpoint in the U.S. culture wars. But House Speaker Joe Straus, a pro-business Republican who controls the agenda in the body, has shown little interest in passing a bathroom bill, which he said was not a priority. On Monday, opponents of the bills delivered a list with signatures from 50,000 people who opposed a bathroom bill to Straus and other prominent Republicans, including Governor Greg Abbott. Straus’ position was reinforced by a well-financed campaign from major corporations including Texas-based energy companies Halliburton (HAL.N) and ExxonMobil Global Services (XOM.N), which have said the bills were discriminatory and would make it hard for them to recruit top talent. Supporters of the legislation, who say it can help protect women and children from sexual assaults, have not given up.  But they acknowledge there is only a slim chance of success, with lawmakers still trying to reach deals on almost all of the 20 priority items set by Abbott for the session. Opponents are still worried bathroom bill language could be attached as an amendment to another bill, but as of Monday afternoon, no such action had been taken. Senate Bill 3, which made it through the Senate and stalled in the House, requires people to use restrooms, showers and locker rooms in public schools and other state and local government facilities that match the sex on their birth certificate, as opposed to their gender identity. A push for bathroom bills nationally sputtered after North Carolina partially repealed such a measure in March after boycotts by athletic organizations and businesses that have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars. Opponents of the Texas measures include global tech giants IBM (IBM.N) and Apple (AAPL.O), major Texas city police chiefs, who contested claims the bills would protect public safety, and the National Hockey League’s Dallas Stars team. Republican Representative Ron Simmons, who sponsored a version of the bathroom legislation in the Texas House, said the privacy issue at the heart of the bills is supported by a wide majority of Republican primary voters. “Just because we don’t pass legislation doesn’t mean that the issue is not going to be there,” he said. ",1
2193,Canada suggests it could quit NAFTA talks over dispute mechanism,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada laid down a tough line ahead of talks on modernizing NAFTA on Monday, suggesting it could walk away if the United States pushed to remove a key dispute-settlement mechanism in the trade deal. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, giving the most substantive outline yet of Canada’s goals, said she was “very optimistic” the negotiations would be a success.  North American Free Trade Agreement members Canada, Mexico and the United States hold their first session in Washington on Wednesday. Canada, heavily reliant on exports to the United States, opposes Washington’s push to scrap the so-called Chapter 19 dispute settlement mechanism, under which binational panels make binding decisions on complaints about illegal subsidies and dumping. The United States has frequently lost such cases. “Canada will uphold and preserve the elements in NAFTA that Canadians deem key to our national interest – including a process to ensure anti-dumping and countervailing duties are only applied fairly when truly warranted,” Freeland said in a speech at the University of Ottawa. Noting that Canada had withdrawn its chief negotiator from 1987 talks on a bilateral trade treaty with the United States over the same issue, Freeland said “our government will be equally resolute.” Freeland later sidestepped reporters’ questions about whether maintaining Chapter 19 was a make-or-break issue for Canada, saying she would let her U.S. counterparts know how important the matter was to Ottawa. Trade among the three nations has quadrupled since NAFTA came into effect in 1994, surpassing $1 trillion in 2015. But U.S. President Donald Trump regularly calls the treaty a disaster and has threatened to walk away from it unless major changes are made, citing U.S. job losses and a trade deficit with Mexico. Toronto trade lawyer Mark Warner said there few surprises in Freeland’s announcement, given Ottawa had already signaled its stance on major issues. “It’s the beginning of a negotiation. Everybody expects posturing,” he said by phone, noting Washington had reacted calmly to previous Canadian statements about the importance of dispute settlement. Freeland, who predicted there would be moments of drama during the talks, said Canada wanted a progressive trade deal featuring stricter environmental and labor standards as well as a focus on climate change, a concept Trump has little time for. Canada, like Mexico, sends the majority of its exports to the United States and would be hurt by U.S. protectionist moves. The United States runs a slight surplus in trade of goods and services with Canada, which has mounted a major outreach campaign to persuade U.S. business leaders and politicians that NAFTA is a success. “American partners have been listening,” Freeland said. “They understand ... our relationship, the greatest economic partnership in the world, is balanced and mutually beneficial.” Freeland stressed that Canada would protect tariffs and quotas that keep domestic dairy prices high and imports low. U.S. dairy farmers strongly dislike the system. A modernized NAFTA should take into account technological advances and make it easier for professionals to move from one member nation to another, she added. ",1
2194,Lighthizer says China intellectual property probe a high priority,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said on Monday that a probe on whether to launch an investigation into China’s intellectual property practices will be one of his office’s “highest priorities.” Lighthizer said in a statement that China’s industrial policies and other practices “reportedly” have forced the transfer of vital U.S. technology to Chinese companies. “We will engage in a thorough investigation and, if needed, take action to preserve the future of U.S. industry,” Lighthizer said. “Thousands of jobs are at stake for our workers and for future generations.”      ",1
2195,Sierra Club sues U.S. Energy Department over power grid study,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Environmental group the Sierra Club sued the U.S. Energy Department on Monday in hopes of forcing it to reveal the groups it has consulted in conducting an eagerly awaited study on the electricity grid. It was the latest push-back on the department’s study from backers of renewable energy such as wind and solar power who fear it could be used by the Trump administration to form policies that could slow growth in the industry.    Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who commissioned the 60-day study in April, ordered his department to see whether “regulatory burdens” by other administrations including former president Barack Obama’s had forced the premature retirements of so-called baseload power plants, fired by nuclear and coal. Perry said those policies potentially put at risk the reliability and security of the national power grid. The Sierra Club, in the suit filed Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, said the department had ignored a Freedom of Information Act request it filed in May. That request sought the release of communications between staff and outside groups it had consulted, in the belief that the Energy Department had mostly relied on fossil fuel backers. “We want to make sure that when this study is finally released, that the public and policy makers fully understand how it went about doing it, who they were influenced by, and whose views they did not take into consideration,” said Casey Roberts, a Sierra Club lawyer. The Energy Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. It had initially said the report would be released in July, but the release has been delayed. A draft of the study, conducted by a contractor who included contributions from staff across the department, said that intermittent renewable power has not harmed the grid, was leaked to the media last month.  But an energy department spokeswoman said then that the draft was “outdated” and had not been reviewed by political or career staff, leading Sierra Club and others to believe the final draft could favor coal and nuclear. Several lawmakers with strong renewable power output in their states have said that the Energy Department had already completed long-term studies of renewable power’s impact on the grid that concluded there has been no harm. Senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican from Iowa, raised concerns in a letter sent to Perry in May that the secretary had commissioned a study that appeared “geared to undermine” the wind energy industry. ",1
2196,Trump's NAFTA autos goals to collide with industry as talks start,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old NAFTA trade pact this week, aiming to shrink a growing trade deficit with Mexico and tighten the rules of origin for cars and parts. More than any other industry, autos have been the focus of U.S. President Donald Trump’s anger over the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he blames for taking car factories and jobs away from America to low-wage Mexico. The United States had a $74 billion trade deficit with Mexico in autos and auto parts last year, the dominant component of an overall $64 billion U.S. deficit, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. “The Trump administration has framed their NAFTA negotiating objectives around reducing the trade deficit with Mexico,” said Caroline Freund, a senior trade fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “If they don’t touch autos, there’s no way of getting at what they want.” Among tools that U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer may seek to boost auto employment in the U.S. is strengthening the rules of origin to shut out more parts from Asia, and possibly an unprecedented U.S.-specific content requirement for Mexican vehicles. Lighthizer’s negotiating objectives for NAFTA seek to “ensure the rules of origin incentivize the sourcing of goods and materials from the United States and North America,” which has raised concerns among auto industry executives and trade groups that he will seek a deal that guarantees a certain percentage of production for the United States. The industry is opposed to such a carve-out or to increasing the percentage of a vehicle’s value that must come from the region above the current 62.5 percent - already the highest of any global trade bloc. They say this would raise costs and disrupt a complex supply chain that sees parts crisscrossing NAFTA borders and has made North American car production competitive with Asia and Europe. “Our members feel very strongly that rules of origin are not the tools to use to reshore jobs into the U.S.,” said Ann Wilson, senior vice president of government affairs for the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, a trade group representing auto parts makers. Wilson and other industry advocates say a better way to boost U.S. manufacturing jobs is through policies aimed at expanding vehicle exports. But if U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross gets his way, it would be harder to reach the 62.5 percent content threshold because the “tracing list” of parts that count towards that goal would be modernized. He argues the current rules are too loose and allow a tariff-free “back door” for Chinese auto parts. Parts that did not exist when the 300-plus page list was devised in the early 1990s, largely electronics sourced from Asia such as console touch screens or hybrid-drive controllers, do not count against reaching the threshold. If they are put on the list, companies would have to source them from North America or pay tariffs on them. If the content requirements become too onerous, automakers will simply skip compliance “and they’ll just end up paying the duty,” said Charles Uthus, vice president for international policy at the American Automotive Policy Council, a lobbying group for Ford Motor Co., General Motors and Fiat Chrysler. Foregoing all NAFTA tariff-free access benefits - something that could happen if Trump is dissatisfied with the negotiations and decides to scrap the trade pact - would raise costs by about $4 billion-5 billion a year, Ulthus added. Ford plans about $7 billion in total capital spending this year.    Among the other contentious NAFTA issues that U.S., Canadian and Mexican negotiators will tackle starting on Wednesday in Washington is the future of a mechanism for resolving trade disputes. The United States wants to eliminate a so-called “Chapter 19” provision, arguing that it fails to combat unfair subsidies of some Mexican and Canadian goods. Mexico and Canada have vowed to keep the provision. Negotiators are expected to pursue new NAFTA chapters governing digital trade, and tightening environmental and labor standards, changes previously agreed by the three countries as part of the now-defunct 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership. U.S. negotiators will also seek a provision to deter currency manipulation, aiming to set a precedent for future trade negotiations, such as a revised U.S.-North Korean deal or a bilateral pact with Japan.  The negotiations face an extremely tight timeline, with officials saying they want to complete negotiations by early next year to avoid ratification difficulties posed by elections in Mexico in July 2018 and in the U.S. in November 2018. Freund, a trade economist for more than a decade at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, said the negotiators should focus on a few key areas.   “If you really want to do a full-blown modernization of NAFTA, it’s going to take a lot more than six months,” she said. “Ultimately I think they’re going to get bogged down in all these details and pick two to three things and have a smaller agenda.” ",1
2197,"Al Gore says Trump driving, not weakening, climate change momentum","LONDON (Reuters) - Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore said on Friday that President Donald Trump’s rejection of the Paris climate change agreement was fueling, rather than weakening, momentum among environmental activists. Gore, whose follow-up to his 2006 Oscar-winning documentary “An Inconvenient Truth” is showing in movie theaters worldwide this month, said governments and companies had stepped up since Trump’s decision in June to withdraw from the 2015 global pact. “The entire world the next day re-doubled their commitments to the Paris agreement and in the U.S, the governors of our largest states and hundreds of mayors, thousands of business leaders all stood up to fill the gap and said ‘We are still in the Paris agreement,’” Gore told Reuters Television. “I do think that the reaction to Donald Trump is actually driving much more momentum in the climate movement,” he added. Gore’s new documentary, “An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power,” argues that fighting climate change is a moral battle, on a par with the civil rights movement in the United States or the fight for gay rights. Shot mostly before Trump’s election, it also shows the Republican on the 2016 campaign trail promising to abolish environmental regulations and boost the coal and oil industries.  “An Inconvenient Truth” is credited with bringing climate change into mainstream political discourse in the United States a decade ago. It won the best documentary Oscar in 2007 and helped propel Gore to a Nobel Peace Prize, which he shared with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. ",1
2198,Trump chides Merck CEO after resignation from presidential council,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump chided Merck & Co Inc’s Kenneth Frazier after the drugmaker’s chief executive resigned from a presidential advisory board earlier on Monday and cited a need for U.S. leaders to denounce bigotry following a violent weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President’s Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!,” Trump wrote in a post on Twitter. ",1
2199,"U.S. tax change proposals anger builders, realtors, charities","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With U.S. Congress members focused during their August recess on finding ways to lower the corporate tax rate, industry groups and other sectors of society are gearing up to fight proposed changes to the personal income tax. While tax cuts for business have garnered the most headlines, lobbyists and lawmakers have conceded that rewriting the corporate tax code will be a long slog. Tackling personal tax rates will be easier, many argue. Looking for an easier legislative win ahead of the 2018 midterm elections, most lawmakers in the Republican majority want to cut individual incomes taxes. President Donald Trump has been pushing hard for tax changes this year.     Still, proposed changes to the personal tax code have already stirred opposition from realtors, home builders, mortgage lenders and charities. These groups say proposed changes will hurt home sales and cut charitable contributions. The National Association of Realtors issued an “August Recess Talking Points” circular imploring members to remind lawmakers that “Homeowners must be treated fairly in tax reform” to avoid “another housing crash.” The group cited a report it commissioned from PwC that estimated home values could quickly dive more than 10 percent if the tax plan becomes law.  To simplify the tax code, Republicans have proposed eliminating nearly all tax write-offs including those for state and local taxes, then doubling the standard deduction. This would eliminate the incentive to itemize and should drastically reduce the number of taxpayers who do so. Currently, many taxpayers use itemized deductions, claiming write-offs for things like charitable contributions, interest paid on a mortgage and state and local taxes. If the standard deduction becomes larger, fewer taxpayers will need to itemize, reducing the incentive to hold a mortgage or contribute to charity. Currently, about 30 million taxpayers claim the mortgage interest deduction, with about $70 billion in total claims, according to Robert Dietz, an economist with the National Association of Homebuilders.  Estimates suggest more than half of taxpayers would stop itemizing under the proposed plan, Dietz said, warning that this would create a large ripple effect through the economy. He said people in early years of a mortgage would suffer most, along with prospective home buyers. Home builders are also fighting the proposed tax code changes. “I don’t think I would call that a cakewalk,” said Jerry Howard, the head of the National Home Builders Association, saying the proposal will face fierce resistance from his group, which represents 130,000 builders. He noted that members operate in every congressional district and employ more than 7 million people.  Charitable organizations are not arguing against increasing the standard deduction. But they are asking members of Congress to consider creating a “universal deduction,” so taxpayers taking the standard deduction can get additional credit for donations without itemizing.  Taxpayers claim an estimated $13 billion each year in charitable deductions. Charities fear giving would plummet if the standard deduction were doubled without creating a universal deduction. Gail McGovern, president and CEO of the American Red Cross,  said reducing charitable deductions would be “devastating.”     If lobbyists defeat the reform effort, Congress could try to cut rates without structural tax code changes, said Charles Boustany, a former Republican member of the tax-code writing House Ways and Means Committee who left Congress in January.  “The path of least resistance becomes an old-fashioned tax cut on the individual side,” said Boustany. “The pressure is just going to be relentless as we get later in the fall.” ",1
2200,"With budget cuts looming, U.S. aid chief vows to do more with less","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facing potentially deep budget cuts to U.S. foreign aid, new USAID administrator Mark Green says he needs to do more with less and prove to President Donald Trump that development assistance can further his “America First” agenda.  In a first meeting with Trump back in January, Green made his pitch to the then president-elect, drawing from his experience in Central America to explain how U.S.-funded programs there could help slow the number of immigrants trying to enter the United States illegally. “I said ‘Mr. President-elect, I believe our development tools can help us achieve just about every one of your strategic priorities,’” Green told Reuters in his first interview since starting last week as head of the U.S. Agency for International Development. Green had previously worked on U.S-supported projects with indigenous mayors in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador to improve living conditions “so kids hopefully don’t go 1,000 miles through the worst conditions imaginable and jump the border.” “It works and is a great way to use development,” he said, sitting in a still bare office at USAID headquarters blocks from the White House. Green brings a unique resume to the job: a former four-term Republican congressman from Wisconsin who served as U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania under President George W. Bush. In his last job as head of the International Republican Institute, he helped promote governance and democracy overseas. His time on Capitol Hill will be key to his new job. In a sign of his good standing there, Green’s nomination had support across the political spectrum, as well as among aid groups.   Trump staked out his position on foreign aid on the campaign trail, casting it as a waste of U.S. tax dollars. And now his administration has proposed slashing the budget for foreign aid by a third, which could gut programs across a range of issues including health, governance, gender and education. But U.S. foreign assistance has traditionally garnered bipartisan support in Congress, which controls the aid purse strings. Green has stronger relations with lawmakers than his  predecessors, who battled Congress on funding and objectives. “What’s very different for Mark Green is that his strongest allies are on the Hill,” said Scott Morris, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development in Washington. “Where he faces headwinds are with both the White House and the State Department.”  “There is a real potential for conflicts in basic philosophy about what USAID does,” added Morris. Green is nevertheless sanguine about prospects for a downsized, budget-constrained USAID.  “We can’t do everything,” he said. “The resources are limited, so we have to prioritize.” Green takes over an agency that has already been through waves of reform in the last decade, adapting to shifting global development patterns featuring deep-pocket philanthropic groups, more private-sector investment in emerging economies, and the rise of China as a financier in the developing world. New demands have emerged with an unprecedented refugee crisis from wars in Syria and Iraq, along with famine in Africa, and growing violent extremism. “USAID’s humanitarian work is unrivaled, it is mobilization of American generosity, and it will continue,” Green said, adding that U.S. assistance should both help in times of crisis and prevent crises from occurring. He wants U.S. foreign assistance to focus on results to show Americans that their tax-dollars are being put to good use. “I am going to ask every program to show me how it is moving us closer to the day when people can lead themselves,” said Green. “If it is not helping, they’re going to have to tell me why.” ",1
2201,President Trump's reelection campaign releases television ad,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on Sunday, a 30-second spot that attacks Democrats and touts the accomplishments of his first seven months in office.  The ad’s release comes amid intense criticism of Trump’s response to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a planned rally by white supremacists led to violence that killed a counter-protester. Speaking on Saturday from his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump stopped short of calling the demonstrators “white supremacists” and instead criticized groups on “many sides.” Even members of his own party said he had failed to adequately condemn those behind the violence. The new advertisement uses the same video clips, still images and font as one released earlier this year by America First Policies, a political group that is able to secretly raise and spend unlimited sums of money.  Trump’s campaign and America First Policies are prohibited by law from coordinating with each other.  Trump filed for reelection the day he took office, an unusual move that has allowed him to begin campaigning long before the November 2020 election. Historically, incumbent presidents have waited two years, until after the midterm elections, to file formally. Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment about how much money it was spending on the ad, where it was running or why it decided to release it this weekend.     The ad says Trump has created jobs and helped the stock market since taking office. “The president’s enemies don’t want him to succeed, but Americans are saying, ‘Let President Trump do his job,’” the advertisement states.  Trump continues to struggle with low approval numbers, and the television ad could be an attempt to bolster his support. His campaign has raised more than $12 million since the beginning of the year.  “This new campaign ad speaks directly to the American people and sets the record straight, reminding them that President Donald Trump will not stop fighting for them and will not allow anyone to stand in his way to deliver success for them,” campaign manager Michael Glassner said in a statement announcing the ad. ",1
2202,"In Alabama's Senate race, contenders fight over who is Trump's biggest fan","(Reuters) - At first glance, U.S. Representative Mo Brooks seems exactly the kind of candidate President Donald Trump would love to see win Tuesday’s Republican primary election for Alabama’s open U.S. Senate seat. The 63-year-old Republican is a Freedom Caucus member and an immigration hardliner who calls opponent Luther Strange “Lying Luther,” echoing Trump’s penchant for bestowing insulting nicknames on his political foes. Strange, 64, is the former state attorney general who was appointed to fill the Senate seat left vacant after Jeff Sessions became U.S. attorney general. “Trump would like to drain the swamp; Brooks would like to blow it up,” said Larry Powell, a professor of communication at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. “But their goals are the same.” Yet it was Strange, not Brooks, who earned a coveted prize last week in a race that could measure Trump’s influence in a state he carried easily in last year’s election, despite recent indications that his support among Republicans may be softening.  Trump took to Twitter to offer Strange his “complete and total endorsement.” The tweet came as something of a surprise. Known as “Big Luther” thanks to his 6-foot-9-inch (2.1-meter) frame, Strange has a close alliance with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who is under fire from Trump for failing to push his agenda through Congress and refusing to eliminate a filibuster that gives Democrats veto power over many key bills. Strange agrees the filibuster should remain in place.     In a telephone interview, Brooks noted that Trump followed his endorsement of Strange with a barrage of Twitter criticisms aimed at McConnell, which Brooks called “extraordinarily baffling.” “Any Alabama voter who wants to see President Trump’s legislative agenda pass the United States Senate would be much better served to vote for Mo Brooks than Luther Strange,” Brooks said. “President Trump’s entire legislative agenda is dead so long as the Senate’s 60-percent rule requires President Trump to get the consent of Democrat leader Chuck Schumer to pass it.”     Both Brooks and Strange may be losing to the third viable candidate in the nine-way race. Former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, 70, has led in several voter surveys, though polling in the race has been limited. The Moore and Strange campaigns did not respond to requests for comment. Assuming no candidate reaches 50 percent of the vote, the top two finishers will go head-to-head in late September, with the winner a heavy favorite against whoever emerges from the Democratic primary. For weeks, Strange and Brooks have lobbed attacks at one another as insufficiently committed to Trump. Advertisements from supporters of Strange highlighted Brooks’ endorsement of Texas Senator Ted Cruz for president last year, as well as criticism Brooks made of Trump at the time. Brooks, a founder of the House of Representatives’ far-right Freedom Caucus who survived the shooting attack on Congress members at a softball practice in June, has fired back by attacking Strange for his close ties to Senate leadership. Strange and Brooks have largely ignored Moore, though Strange backers have run some anti-Moore ads in recent days. “I think both assume that Moore is going to make the runoff, and whoever gets to the runoff will likely beat him,” Powell said.     Moore made his name in 2003 by refusing a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state Supreme Court building and losing his position. After winning another term in 2013, he was suspended in 2016 and later resigned after directing state judges to defy the U.S. Supreme Court and continue to enforce a ban on same-sex marriage. The former judge is popular among religious conservatives but had trouble expanding his base in previous campaigns for governor. Each contender would likely serve as a reliable Republican vote in the Senate, with little daylight between their policy positions. “All three of these candidates are different intensities of the same flavor,” said Steven Taylor, a political science professor at Troy University in Alabama. ",1
2203,Charlottesville violence tests Trump's presidential mettle,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - For President Donald Trump, this was the week when the real world began to intrude upon his presidency.  The violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, between white nationalists and counter-protesters confronted Trump with perhaps the first true domestic crisis of his young administration. And to some, even within his own Republican Party, he came up short.  It followed days of blustery threats toward North Korea that rattled some Americans and unnerved allies. Both are the kinds of white-knuckle challenges that define presidents - and which Trump largely has avoided during the first months of his tenure.  As images of rising tensions and a deadly car rampage in Charlottesville filled TV screens nationwide, the president was criticized first for waiting too long to address the violence and then, when he did so, failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee. [nL2N1KY033] Marco Rubio, a Republican senator who was Trump’s rival for the presidential nomination, quickly suggested Trump’s initial response was inadequate. On Twitter, Rubio wrote that it was, “Very important for the nation to hear [Trump] describe events in Charlottesville for what they are: a terror attack by #whitesupremacists.” While Trump has had to deal with the pressures of the federal probe into Russian meddling in last year’s election, disarray in his White House, and conflicts with Congress over his stalled agenda, there are have been few external crises that have tested his presidential mettle.  By contrast, his predecessor, Barack Obama, inherited a severe economic downturn during his first year in office, and would go on to face, among other tests, a catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, Middle East upheaval, terror attacks in Boston, Orlando, and elsewhere, and civil unrest in Ferguson, Missouri and Baltimore, Maryland.  Trump has spent this week at his tony golf club in New Jersey, attempting to show the American public that he is indeed working and not vacationing. He held one event after the other, while answering media questions with an approachability he hasn’t shown for months. Yet, when news of the situation in Charlottesville first started filtering out on Friday, Trump was silent. He first addressed the matter — through a tweet — on Saturday afternoon, after a planned white-supremacist rally had been dispersed, fights had broken out, and a state of emergency declared.  By the time Trump finally appeared before reporters at a staged bill-signing event at his club, footage of a car speeding up and slamming into a crowd of protesters had swamped social media and cable networks, raising the specter of domestic terrorism. At least one woman in the car’s path died and several people suffered critical injuries. At a podium, Trump read a statement rebuking the violence, but without specifically mentioning or faulting the role of white nationalists.   “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides,” Trump said.  He also took the occasion to boast about declining unemployment and new corporate investment in the United States. Afterwards, he ignored shouted questions from reporters as to whether he would denounce white supremacism and whether the car incident constituted terrorism.  Beyond Rubio, Trump’s response apparently also was not enough for Senator Cory Gardner, who chairs the Republican Party’s Senate-election effort. “Mr. President, we must call evil by its name,” he tweeted. “These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.” Republican Orrin Hatch, who has served as a senator for 40 years, referenced his brother, who was killed in World War II. “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn’t give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home,” he said on Twitter.  Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said that Trump had not demonstrated moral leadership. “There are NOT many sides to this,” he wrote.  Trump tweeted several more times after the press event, offering support to the city of Charlottesville and the police but still declining to critique the violence in more explicit terms. Both as a candidate and as president, Trump has met with charges that he has courted the support of white supremacists and nationalists, the so-called “alt-right,” as a key part of his passionate voter base. He was forced at one point last year to publicly denounce the Ku Klux Klan and one of its leaders, David Duke. After Trump was elected, he installed Steve Bannon, a trusted figure in nationalist circles and former chairman of the hard-right outlet Breitbart News, as a top adviser in the White House. ",1
2204,Russia probe counsel wants to interview senior White House officials: NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign wants to speak with current and former senior White House officials, the New York Times reported on Saturday. Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the investigation, is in talks with the White House about potential interviews, including with former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, the newspaper said, citing three unnamed sources briefed on the discussions. Spokespeople for Mueller and the White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment. “Mr. Mueller has asked the White House about specific meetings, who attended them and whether there are any notes, transcripts or documents about them,” the newspaper reported, citing two of the people. Mueller, a former head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, wants to learn more about why Trump decided to fire James Comey, the FBI chief who was dismissed in May, according to the paper. No interviews have yet been set, the paper said. Trump has called Mueller’s investigation a “witch hunt.” Allegations of collusion between Trump associates and Moscow have hounded the Republican president since he took office in January, presenting a major distraction from his policy agenda. Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump has said there was no collusion. Last month, the FBI raided the home of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manager, and collected evidence, the Washington Post reported earlier in the week. ",1
2205,"In call with Trump, China's Xi urges restraint over North Korea","BEDMINSTER, N.J./BEIJING (Reuters) - China’s President Xi Jinping said there needs to be a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue, and in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump he urged all sides to avoid words or action that raise tensions. Xi’s comments came hours after Trump warned North Korea that the U.S. military was “locked and loaded” as Pyongyang accused the U.S. leader of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war. The Pentagon said the United States and South Korea would proceed as planned with a joint military exercise in 10 days, an action sure to further antagonize North Korea. China’s foreign ministry said in a statement that Xi told Trump a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue was essential, and urged calm. “Concerned parties must exercise restraint and avoid remarks and actions that escalate tensions on the Korean peninsula,” it cited Xi as saying. In their phone call, Trump and Xi “agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior,” the White House said in a statement, and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula. It added the relationship between Trump and Xi was “extremely close” and “will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem.” Trump, vacationing at his Bedminster, New Jersey, golf resort, earlier took to Twitter to warn North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that U.S. “military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely”. Again referring to Kim, Trump added, “If he utters one threat ... or if he does anything with respect to Guam or any place else that’s an American territory or an American ally, he will truly regret it, and he will regret it fast.” In remarks to reporters on Friday after a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Trump said the situation with North Korea was “very dangerous and it will not continue”. He added, “We will see what happens. We think that lots of good things could happen, and we could also have a bad solution.” Despite the tough rhetoric, Trump insisted that “nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump.” South Korea’s presidential Blue House said in a statement on Saturday the United States and China were working to resolve the North Korea crisis, and it hoped the two leaders’ phone call “will be able to resolve the peak of tension and act as a catalyst for the situation to move on to a new dimension.” Guam, the Pacific island that is a U.S. territory and home to a U.S. air base, a Navy installation, a Coast Guard group and around 6,000 U.S. military personnel, posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack. North Korean state news agency KCNA said on Thursday the North Korean army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land in the sea 18 to 25 miles (30 to 40 km) from Guam. Japan’s government decided to deploy its Patriot missile defense system to four locations in the west of the country, media reported. No one at Japan’s defense ministry was available to comment on Saturday. The governor of Guam, Eddie Baza Calvo, posted a video on Facebook of himself speaking with Trump. “We are with you a thousand percent. You are safe,” Trump told Calvo. Washington wants to stop Pyongyang from developing nuclear missiles that could hit the United States. North Korea sees its nuclear arsenal as protection against the United States and its partners in Asia. Trump said he was considering additional sanctions on North Korea, adding these would be “very strong.” He gave no details and did not make clear whether he meant unilateral or multilateral sanctions. U.S. officials have said new U.S. steps targeting Chinese banks and firms doing business with Pyongyang are in the works, but these have appeared to be put on hold to give Beijing time to show it is serious about enforcing new U.N. sanctions. Trump said he did not want to talk about diplomatic “back channels” with North Korea after U.S. media reports that Joseph Yun, the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy, had engaged in diplomacy for several months with Pak Song Il, a senior diplomat at Pyongyang’s U.N. mission, on the deteriorating ties and the issue of Americans imprisoned in North Korea. But Daniel Russel, until April the top U.S. diplomat for East Asia, said this so-called New York channel had been a relatively commonplace means of communication with North Korea over the years, and was not a forum for negotiation. “It’s never been a vehicle for negotiations and this doesn’t constitute substantive U.S.-DPRK dialogue,” he said, using the acronym for North Korea’s formal name, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Both Moscow and Berlin expressed alarm over the rise in rhetoric over North Korea, and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged Pyongyang and Washington to sign up to a joint Russian-Chinese plan by which North Korea would freeze missile tests and the United States and South Korea would impose a moratorium on large-scale military exercises. Neither the United States nor North Korea has embraced the plan. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there is no military solution, adding that “an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer.” The French presidency said North Korea was engaged in a “dangerous escalation” of tensions.  President Emmanuel Macron “calls for all parties to act responsibly and prevent any further escalation in tensions,” the Elysee palace said in a statement. Trump and Macron spoke on Saturday. The White House said Trump reiterated the U.S. commitment to stop the “North Korean nuclear menace” and said Washington was ready with diplomatic, economic and military measures. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said blame for problems lay with North Korea, and that the international community was “shoulder to shoulder” in efforts to stop North Korean aggression. “We are working with the US and our partners in the region to bring this crisis to a diplomatic end,” he tweeted. As the rhetoric has ratcheted up, South Koreans are buying more ready-to-eat meals for emergency use, and the government aims to expand nationwide civil defense drills planned for Aug. 23. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.  ",1
2206,"Trump, Macron agree to work together on North Korea: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron spoke by phone on Saturday and agreed to work together on a crisis on the Korean Peninsula, the White House said in a statement. “They discussed the need to confront the increasingly dangerous situation associated with North Korea’s destabilizing and escalatory behavior,” the White House said in a statement. In recent days, Trump and the North Korean regime have engaged in heated rhetoric about the Asian nation’s nuclear weapons program. ",1
2207,Chicago teachers union eyes future security with charter merger,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - After trying for years to stymie the growth of charter schools in Chicago, leaders of its public school teachers’ union are seeking to enlist staff from charter schools in a bid to strengthen the union’s bargaining power and tap a new source of members’ fees. Union officials in the third-largest U.S. city say their push for a tie-up took on added urgency after U.S. President Donald Trump chose Betsy DeVos, a backer of charter and private schools, as his education secretary. In cities and suburbs across the country, charters and traditional public schools have been in fierce competition for students and financing. But many are united in their rejection of private schools and voucher programs. Unions fear Trump and DeVos will slash funding for traditional public schools, and the Chicago Teachers Union (CTU) wants charter members to boost their ranks in order to help them fight back. A more unified approach has long been the answer, said Jesse Sharkey, vice president of the CTU.  “I don’t think we’re going to get to keep public education the way we currently think of it unless people organize and prepare to defend it,” he said. Charter schools are free and open to the public but are run independently of local school districts by private companies that compete for state funds. They often boast small class sizes, innovative teaching styles or a particular academic focus. Their numbers in the United States have shot up to more than 6,000, from 2,500 a decade ago. An estimated 6 percent of U.S. public school students, or more than 3 million pupils, attend charter schools. The possibility of a merger has many eyes on Chicago, where the proportion of charter school teachers who are unionized on their own is much higher than in other cities. While only about 10 percent of U.S. charter schools had collective bargaining agreements last year, according to the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, 25 percent of Chicago’s 130 charter schools are organized. Leaders of the city’s unionized charter school educators say they see the benefits in joining forces with the CTU. “We face an existential crisis,” said Chris Baehrend, president of Chicago’s union for charter teachers. “The answer to every crisis is more solidarity. It’s better for us to be a small part of a larger voice that wins things.” Leaders of his 1,000-member organization had been mulling a merger with the CTU for years, Baehrend said, but Trump’s election propelled them into action from fear of his and DeVos’ conservative agenda. DeVos’ office did not respond to requests for comment.  In June, the education secretary faced hostile questions from a U.S. Senate committee about her support for school vouchers, to which DeVos responded that she was only exploring the possibility of a program.  Vouchers are state-funded payments families can use to send children to private schools.  Supporters say they could give those children in neighborhoods with weak public schools the chance of a better education at private institutions. Critics say they are intended to boost private-sector profits with public money. A majority of Baehrend’s organization voted in June to merge with the CTU.  The CTU’s leadership favors the merger, and its 23,500 members will vote on it in the fall. Baehrend said he is confident the measure will pass.  Not everyone supports the closer links. Some supporters of charter schools say the attributes that attract many parents, including their flexibility and autonomy, could be put at risk in Chicago if the CTU introduces new terms for contracts, such as limits on the time an instructor can teach each day.  “They’re now trying to find ways to undermine the existing schools via organizing,” Andrew Broy, president of the Illinois Network of Charter Schools, said of the CTU’s leaders.  ",1
2208,Trump says was being 'sarcastic' in thanking Putin for embassy staff cuts,"BEDMINSTER, NJ (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday he was being sarcastic when he thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for saving the United States money by ordering cuts in U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia. Asked whether he was being sarcastic, Trump told reporters: “In order to reduce our payroll, absolutely. I think you know that,” Trump said without explicitly criticizing the move. Breaking nearly two weeks of silence on Putin’s July 30 order cutting U.S. embassy and consulate staff by nearly two thirds, Trump said on Thursday: “I’m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll,” adding “there’s no real reason for them to go back.” Trump’s remarks rekindled criticism of his kid-glove handling of Putin, especially as he has not shied away from being highly critical of members of his own party, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Putin, reacting to new sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress and reluctantly signed into law by Trump, ordered Washington to cut its diplomatic and technical staff by 755 people by Sept. 1. Many of those affected likely will be local Russian staffers. It was also a reaction to former President Barack Obama expelling 35 Russian diplomats from the United States last December over the intelligence agency reports. “I was just speaking to the Secretary (of State Rex Tillerson) and we’re talking about coming up with an answer ... by September 1st we’ll have a response,” Trump said. Congressional committees and a special counsel are investigating the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 election campaign by hacking and other methods to help Trump, a Republican. They are also looking into possible collusion between the campaign and Russian officials. Moscow has repeatedly denied meddling in the election and Trump denies any campaign collusion. During his campaign and since becoming president, Trump has consistently called for better ties with Russia, declined to criticize Putin and refused to unequivocally embrace the conclusions of the intelligence agencies. Trump’s remarks were immediately denounced by current and former U.S. officials who have served both Republican and Democratic administrations. The remarks also raised some eyebrows in Europe. “I would have to say in my experience (it is) one of the most bizarre things I have ever heard from any government official, not just the U.S.,” Ojars Kalnins, Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee at the Latvian parliament, told Reuters earlier on Friday. “Thanking another foreign leader for firing people from their embassy is unprecedented. It’s bizarre.” ",1
2209,China's Xi says peaceful resolution needed for North Korea nuclear issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The North Korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday, and called on the “relevant side” to exercise restraint, state television said. Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying the U.S. military was “locked and loaded”, as Pyongyang accused him of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm. Xi told Trump that it was in the joint interests of both China and the United States to achieve the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and protect peace and stability there, state television said in a brief report. “The relevant side must at present exercise restraint, and avoid words and actions that exacerbate tensions on the Korean peninsula,” the report paraphrased Xi as saying. Resolving the nuclear issue ultimately needs to be done politically via talks, and China is willing to maintain communication with the United States on the basis of mutual respect to push for an appropriate resolution, Xi added. Chinese state television cited Trump as telling Xi that he fully understands the role China has been playing on the North Korean nuclear issue. ",1
2210,North Korea says nearly 3.5 million volunteer for People's Army as tensions rise,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Saturday that nearly 3.5 million workers, party members and soldiers volunteered to join or rejoin its army to resist new U.N. sanctions and to fight against the United States in the current geopolitical tension between Pyongyang and Washington.  Rodong Sinmun, North Korea’s official newspaper, said the volunteers had offered to join or rejoin the People’s Army after the Korea Central News Agency (KCNA) issued a statement on Monday condemning new sanctions imposed by the United Nations  in retaliation for North Korean missile tests. Earlier this week, nuclear-armed North Korea threatened to strike the United States and its Pacific territory of Guam. KCNA said on Wednesday a mass rally was held in Pyongyang to support the government. North Korea has previously mobilized large crowds to show its resolve when tensions escalate. In August 2015, 1 million North Koreans offered to enlist or re-enlist in the army when a mine exploded in the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas, raising additional tensions. North Korea warned foreign diplomats to leave Pyongyang in 2013 when it suspended work at a joint inter-Korean industrial park and threatened missile strikes on U.S. Pacific bases, notably in Guam and Hawaii. ",1
2211,"Trump, China's Xi committed to denuclearization of Korean peninsula:  White House","(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula during a phone conversation on Friday, the White House said in a statement.  Trump and Xi also agreed that the recent adoption of a United Nations Security Council resolution on North Korea was an important step toward achieving peace and stability on the  peninsula, it added.  “President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior,” the statement said. The White House said the “relationship between the two presidents is an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem.” ",1
2212,Russia says bellicose rhetoric on North Korea is 'over the top',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday the risks of a military conflict over North Korea’s nuclear program are very high, and Moscow is deeply worried by the mutual threats being traded by Washington and Pyongyang. “Unfortunately, the rhetoric in Washington and Pyongyang is now starting to go over the top,” Lavrov said. “We still hope and believe that common sense will prevail.” Asked at a forum for Russian students about the risks of the stand-off escalating into armed conflict, he said: “The risks are very high, especially taking into account the rhetoric.” “Direct threats of using force are heard... The talk (in Washington) is that there must be a preventive strike made on North Korea, while Pyongyang is threatening to carry out a missile strike on the U.S. base in Guam. These (threats) continue non-stop, and they worry us a lot.” “I won’t get into guessing what happens ‘if’. We will do whatever we can to prevent this ‘if’.” “My personal opinion is that when you get close to the point of a fight breaking out, the side that is stronger and cleverer should take the first step away from the threshold of danger,” said Lavrov, in remarks broadcast on state television. He encouraged Pyongyang and Washington to sign up to a joint Russian-Chinese plan, under which North Korea would freeze its missile tests and the United States and South Korea would impose a moratorium on large-scale military exercises. “If this double freezing finally takes place, then we can sit down and start from the very beginning - to sign a paper which will stress respect for the sovereignty of all those parties involved, including North Korea,” Lavrov said.  ",1
2213,U.S. judge orders Illinois to boost disabled care,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday ruled that Illinois was not providing sufficient resources for the care of developmentally disabled residents and ordered the state to come up with a plan to restore services. U.S. District Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman said Illinois, which just ended an unprecedented budget impasse, failed to provide “resources of sufficient quality, scope, and variety” to the residents, who as a result “suffered substantially” from a reduction in services in violation of a federal consent decree. In the ruling, Johnson said she lacked the authority to order a funding increase, noted the state’s “dire financial condition,” and directed Illinois to devise a plan to address issues affecting the services and comply with the decree. The state had argued that advocates for the disabled living outside of institutions were seeking as much as an additional $1 billion annually - an amount Illinois could not afford. A two-year budget impasse that ballooned the state’s unpaid bill backlog to more than $15 billion ended in July when lawmakers enacted a fiscal 2018 budget over the governor’s vetoes. That budget allocates $53.4 million for the first rate increase for developmentally disabled services since 2008. But the advocates said the funding boost was insufficient to retain workers and services. “What (the state) comes up with will be the next step,” said Barry Taylor, vice president at Equip for Equality, one of the advocates, in a phone call. The judge set a status hearing for Oct. 27. Meghan Powers, a spokeswoman for the Illinois Department of Human Services, said in an email that the state was committed to providing quality services to the developmentally disabled.  “The state will continue to meet all its legal obligations and will review the court’s rulings to determine appropriate next steps,” she said. Another U.S. judge ordered Illinois in June to substantially boost its monthly payments to Medicaid providers to ensure continued health care for poor and disabled residents covered under a separate federal consent decree. The state had owed those providers more than $3 billion. ",1
2214,"Take cover, avoid bomb flash. Guam issues nuclear guidelines","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Guam posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack after a threat from North Korea to fire missiles in the vicinity of the U.S. Pacific territory. Pyongyang’s state-run KCNA news agency said on Thursday its army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land near Guam as North Korea and the United States engaged in increasingly heated rhetoric this week over the North’s nuclear weapons program.  North Korea did not threaten Guam with a nuclear attack, but the crisis between Pyongyang and the United States has stirred fears that a nuclear conflict could break out in the region. While the governor of Guam shrugged off the North’s missile warning and said there was no heightened threat, the government has issued a preparedness fact sheet. In language that evoked the specter of nuclear conflict during the Cold War, the guidelines cover what to do before, during and after a nuclear attack.  “Do not look at the flash or fireball – It can blind you,” it said. “Take cover behind anything that might offer protection.”  “Remove your clothing to keep radioactive material from spreading. Removing the outer layer of clothing can remove up to 90% of radioactive material,” read the guidelines of what to do if caught outside.  They suggest having an emergency plan and supply kit and making a list of potential concrete structures near home, work and school to serve as fallout shelters. “Fallout shelters do not need to be specifically constructed for protecting against fallout,” it said. “They can be protected space, provided that the walls and roof are thick and dense enough (i.e. concrete) to absorb radiation given off by fallout particles.” The fact sheet advises people on how to wash: do not scrub or scratch the skin, use soap, shampoo and water but do not put not conditioner on your hair because it binds radioactive material. It offers advice for parents who are away from their children during a strike.  “Stay where you are, even if you are separated from your family,” it said. “Listen to the news. Do not call the school. Be patient. Wait for instructions to pick up your child.” The information on the fact sheet was gathered from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security website www.ready.gov, a Guam Homeland Security spokeswoman told the Pacific Daily News. Guam is home to about 163,000 people and a U.S. military base that includes a submarine squadron, an air base and a Coast Guard group. (For a graphic on North Korean missile trajectories, ranges click tmsnrt.rs/2hIzZHG)  U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday warned North Korea against threatening Guam and said on Friday that the U.S. military was “locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely.” Asked about Trump’s tough posture, Guam Governor Eddie Calvo said he agreed with sending a clear message to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who has ramped up his country’s tests of missiles and nuclear bombs. “Though I don’t want the temperature to get any higher, I think it’s important also that there is clarity and that if there is an attack on any American soil including Guam, that it will be met with overwhelming response,” Calvo told reporters on Friday. “I don’t have any problem with that.”         (The story was refiled to fix the graphic link in paragraph 14) ",1
2215,Trump says will speak with China's Xi on North Korea on Friday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said he would speak with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday night about the “very dangerous” situation regarding North Korea. “Hopefully, it will all work out,” Trump told reporters at his New Jersey golf resort. “Nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump that I can tell you.” ",1
2216,Perfectionist Mayer leads at halfway in decathlon,"LONDON (Reuters) - Frenchman Kevin Mayer led at the halfway stage of the decathlon at the World Championships on Friday in the race to fill the void left by the retirement of Ashton Eaton. American Eaton dominated the sport in recent years, winning the last two Olympic and world titles. Mayer, silver medallist at the Olympics last year, produced personal bests in the 100 and 400 meters and still has two of his strongest events to come on Saturday - the pole vault and 110 meters hurdles. The European record holder produced finished fourth in the 100 meters in 10.70 seconds, the first of the 10 disciplines. The 25-year-old also performed well in the shot put, where he threw a season’s best 15.72 meters to finish second, and was fourth in the long jump with 7.52 meters.  After coming joint fifth in the high jump, he finished his day by running 48.26 seconds in the 400 meters, the seventh best overall time, to lead with 4,478 points from Germans Kai Kazmirek, on 4,421, and Rico Freimuth on 4,361. “I am a perfectionist. There are still many things I have to look at,” Mayer said. “There is still a long way to go until the last event. Everybody keeps telling me that I am the favorite, but before coming here I was not the favorite.”  Kazmirek, eighth after the shot put, leapt up to second after winning both the high jump (2.11 meters) and the 400 meters (47.19 seconds). Canadian Damian Warner, bronze medallist in Rio, began strongly by winning the 100 meters in 10.50 meters but slipped down the field after struggling in the shot, where he threw a modest 13.45 meters. He crept up to fourth again after producing the second best overall time in the 400 meters of 47.47 seconds. ",1
2217,Pentagon's empty posts cause uncertainty for defense contractors,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s failure to fill dozens of senior-level positions at the Pentagon is making it difficult for defense contractors to forecast business.  Defense company officials, speaking on conference calls after their just-reported quarterly earnings, did not blame Trump directly, but said the lack of appointments to key positions at the Pentagon had slowed contract awards and created uncertainty. “The still-high number of unfilled leadership appointments and the approaching government physical year-end continue to serve as headwinds,” said Roger Krone, chief executive of Leidos Holdings Inc (LDOS.N), on an Aug. 3 call with analysts. Krone, whose company is one of the largest providers of services to U.S. armed forces, said those open posts have slowed the awarding of government contracts. The Department of Defense said it has 42 unfilled top-level posts that require Senate confirmation, including general counsel, inspector general and other important roles like secretary of the Army and undersecretary of the Navy. The Pentagon referred a request for comment on its unfilled posts to the White House. A White House official said: “Democrat obstruction has played a key role in jamming up the president’s agenda.”  Of the 42 open positions that require Senate confirmation, 29 have no nominee identified, while 13 have nominees awaiting confirmation. For two of the largest U.S. defense companies, General Dynamics Corp (GD.N) and L3 Technologies Inc (LLL.N), thin staffing at their largest customer was a talking point with investors. The Defense Department is “working on filling several positions in the Pentagon and that has definitely resulted in a slowdown,” said Ralph D’Ambrosio, chief financial officer of L3, a prime contractor for surveillance, security and detection systems. Because of the slowdown, the quarter just ended was the lowest second-quarter spending level on record at $62.5 billion, according to a report by data analysis firm Govini, seen by Reuters. The report said “federal procurement resources are stretched thinner than they ever have been.”  Leidos’ Krone pointed to the expected one-year delay of the Navy’s $3.5 billion NMCI NextGen program to update the intranet used by the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps as an example of a big contract delay. Defense spending for the 2018 fiscal year and beyond was unclear, said Byron Callan, a defense analyst at Capital Alpha Partners, noting that few companies have changed their long-term profit expectations, suggesting that uncertainty has made forecasting more difficult.  “The fact that we didn’t have an enacted (fiscal year) 2017 budget until the early part of May, which was seven months into the fiscal year, has definitely slowed down the contracting activity and the obligation activity within the Department of Defense,” said D’Ambrosio. Some of the positions have been difficult to fill. Two of Trump’s nominees for Army secretary, its top professional civilian position, withdrew their names from consideration. The White House then nominated Raytheon Co (RTN.N) lobbyist Mark Esper, and he is awaiting a vote on his confirmation. General Dynamics CEO Phebe Novakovic said during her company’s conference call that “without these appointments, it is difficult to process contracts” and to make progress on defense-related projects.  Novakovic’s information systems and technology business unit has thousands of shorter sales-cycle service contracts which can reflect delays quickly. ",1
2218,Trump to make day trip to Washington during his vacation: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will make a day trip to Washington, D.C., on Monday, briefly interrupting his 17-day August working vacation, a White House official said on Friday. Trump has been spending time at a golf course he owns in Bedminster, New Jersey, where he has held meetings with his advisers about North Korea’s nuclear threat and other issues. Trump will leave his golf course on Sunday for his Manhattan home, where he said he had scheduled a lot of meetings. No reason for the Monday trip to Washington from New York City was immediately provided. The trip was first reported by Politico. Trump’s vacation comes as the West Wing of the White House goes through some long-planned renovations to update the air-conditioning system, fix leaks in the roof and make other repairs. ",1
2219,Chicago schools budget counts on uncertain funding,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A fiscal 2018 budget unveiled on Friday by the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) depends on nearly $570 million in new money from the state and city that may not materialize or has not been identified. The $5.7 billion spending plan for the fiscal year that began July 1 includes $300 million the state of Illinois would send the district under education funding legislation. But Republican Governor Bruce Rauner used an amendatory veto to substantially rewrite the bill to remove what he called a CPS bailout. It was unclear how much the district would receive under Rauner’s revisions.  The Democratic-controlled legislature, which passed the funding formula bill in May without a veto-proof majority, is scheduled to meet next week. A failure by the Illinois House and Senate to muster a required three-fifths majority vote to override or accept changes Rauner made to the bill would kill the measure.  “The budget we released today is more of an outline than a traditional budget as we wait for the resolution of the education funding stalemate in Springfield,” CPS CEO Forrest Claypool told reporters, referring to the state capital. Escalating pension payments have led to drained reserves, debt dependency and junk bond ratings for the nation’s third-largest public school system. The CPS budget also assumes a $269 million boost in local funding that the district said it is working with the city to identify. Matt McGrath, a spokesman for Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who controls the school system, said there is no answer yet on a local source. “What I can tell you is that any local solution will not come at the expense of the city’s long-term financial stability,” he said, adding that the mayor promises CPS students will have a full school year. Moody’s Investors Service put Chicago’s Ba1 junk credit rating under review last month for a possible downgrade, citing the potential the city could extend financial help to its cash-strapped schools. The amount of CPS cash-flow borrowing in fiscal 2018 would be about the same as fiscal 2017’s $1.55 billion, according to budget documents. Claypool said the district has no immediate plans for selling bonds for capital needs. CPS, which projects an 8,000 enrollment drop this school year, has set an Aug. 28 budget vote by its board. The district said the spending plan can be revised once the state puts a school funding formula in place.  ",1
2220,Trump says he hopes North Korea understands gravity of situation,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Friday he hoped North Korea “fully” understood the gravity of his words warning Pyongyang against taking any military action against the United States or its allies. “I hope that they are going to fully understand the gravity of what I said, and what I said is what I mean,” Trump told reporters at his golf resort in New Jersey. “Those words are very easy to understand.”  ",1
2221,Senator Grassley not expecting imminent Supreme Court vacancy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The head of the U.S. Senate committee that handles Supreme Court nominees said on Friday he no longer expected an imminent court vacancy, bolstering assumptions that Justice Anthony Kennedy would not retire this year. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said expectations earlier this year of a vacancy on the nine-member bench had evaporated. “Evidently that’s not going to happen,” Grassley said in a telephone interview from his home state of Iowa during the Senate’s summer break. “I don’t have any expectation we will have a vacancy as I thought there would be” earlier this year. There had been speculation in the spring that Kennedy, a conservative justice who turned 81 last month and has served on the court since 1988, was considering retirement. Kennedy is the regular swing vote on the high court, sometimes siding with the four liberal justices in major rulings. A court vacancy would give Republican President Donald Trump a chance to appoint a second conservative justice to the high court since taking office in January. But court watchers expect Trump to nominate a jurist who is more likely to consistently decide cases with the conservative wing of the court, unlike Kennedy. In the interview on Friday, Grassley noted that every year there is speculation that a justice might retire during the summer at the end of the court’s session. He declined to give details on the “rumors” he had heard earlier this year about an impending vacancy. Grassley added that such talk is often stoked when there are justices in their 70s and 80s serving on the court. Besides Kennedy, 81, Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 84 and Stephen Breyer will turn 79 next week. Rumors that Kennedy was set to retire reached a fever pitch several months ago after some of his former judicial clerks said he was considering it.  But Kennedy did not announce his retirement at a weekend reunion in June with many of the former clerks. He also did not make an announcement after the court’s rulings marking the end of its term on June 26.  His silence on the matter tamped down the rumors and led to a broad assumption that he would remain on the court, at least for the coming term, which begins in October. Kennedy, like all the other justices, was also assigned responsibility on June 27 to handle applications from a specific regional appeals court, further reducing speculation over his retirement. Earlier this year, Trump won Senate confirmation of conservative Justice Neil Gorsuch. Gorsuch arrived on the high court more than a year after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, who had been a leading conservative voice. The Republican-led Senate in 2016 refused to consider then-President Barack Obama’s nomination of federal judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy created by Scalia’s death. Garland would have tipped the court in a more liberal direction. ",1
2222,U.S. diplomat engaging in back-channel diplomacy with North Korea: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has been engaging in back-channel diplomacy with North Korea for several months, the Associated Press reported on Friday, as President Donald Trump stepped up his warnings to Pyongyang amid rising tensions in the region. The dialogue involved Joseph Yun, the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy, and Pak Song Il, a senior North Korean diplomat at the United Nations, the AP reported, citing unidentified U.S. officials and others briefed on the process.      ",1
2223,Trump will send envoys to Middle East to discuss peace: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is sending his son-in-law Jared Kushner and negotiator Jason Greenblatt to the Middle East soon to meet regional leaders and discuss a “path to substantive Israeli-Palestinian peace talks,” a White House official said on Friday. Deputy national security adviser Dina Powell will also be on  the trip, which will include meetings with leaders from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Jordan, Egypt, Israel and the Palestinian Authority, the official said. “While the regional talks will play an important role, the president reaffirms that peace between Israelis and Palestinians can only be negotiated directly between the two parties and that the United States will continue working closely with the parties to make progress towards that goal,” the official said. Kushner, who serves as a senior adviser to his father-in-law, was charged with helping to broker a deal between Israelis and Palestinians after Trump took office. The president went to Saudi Arabia and Israel during his first post-inauguration trip abroad and has expressed a personal commitment to reaching a deal that has eluded his Republican and Democratic predecessors. The timing of the trip was pegged to the recent “restoration of calm and the stabilized situation in Jerusalem” after a spate of violence last month sparked by Israel’s installation of metal detectors at entry points to the Noble Sanctuary or Temple Mount compound there. Trump directed that the talks focus on a pathway to peace talks, fighting “extremism,” easing the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and identifying economic steps that can be taken to ensure security and stability, the official said. “To enhance the chances for peace, all parties need to engage in creating an environment conducive to peace-making while affording the negotiators and facilitators the time and space they need to reach a deal,” the official said. ",1
2224,"Amid nuclear standoff, frozen N.Korea debt untradeable due to sanctions","LONDON (Reuters) - Once seen as an opportunity for investors to position themselves for a future North Korean turnaround, the country’s rarely traded defaulted debt may move further into the twilight zone after new sanctions were imposed this week on Pyongyang. Debt from North Korea - probably the most isolated of the frontier markets - has already been frozen for years as the secretive nation faces the most stringent sanctions regime in the world.  It is part of a highly opaque market in the legacy debts of countries isolated from the rest of the international community, such as pre-Castro Cuban debt. North Korea has syndicated loans with a face value of around $1 billion, tied to loans in default since the 1980s. It has not undertaken any restructuring with its creditors.  The debt was repackaged in 1997 into a special vehicle  called NK Debt Corporation by French bank BNP, making it into transferable securities.   Total debt accumulated by borrowing heavily from Western banks back in the 1970s - including principal and accumulated interest - amounted to about $3 billion, Washington DC-based think-tank Peterson Institute for International Economics estimated in 2013.  The securities had been regularly traded since around 2000, according to Stuart Culverhouse, head of research at Exotix Capital.  Prices spurted higher after the death of President Kim Jong-il in 2011 on hopes that his son Kim Jong-un, North Korea’s new Swiss-educated leader, would make progress with the international community and open up the economy.  That pushed prices to 14-18 cents on the dollar, up from 13-15 but investors’ hopes were soon dashed. Culverhouse was unable to say what price the securities could now trade at.   “There was a market, but it essentially got frozen at the beginning of 2013 after the United Nations and other sanctions were imposed, which people felt restricted trading in the notes,” he said. Exotix, a specialist in emerging and frontier debt, has not seen the loans trade in the past three to four years, Culverhouse said. This week’s developments will further dishearten holders of the debt. A war of words between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korea’s Kim has raised fears of a nuclear standoff, while the U.N. Security Council imposed fresh sanctions on Saturday after Pyongyang’s intercontinental ballistic missile tests.  These curbs ban North Korean exports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead, and seafood, and could slash the Asian state’s $3 billion annual export revenue by a third. “A lot of people have taken a view that it is just not worth it, they won’t trade,” Culverhouse said. It is not just the more specialized distressed debt traders who once took a shine to North Korean debt: One of the holders of NK Debt Corporation’s notes is the Franklin Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund. According to the fund’s annual report in July 2016, it held NK Debt Corporation’s zero-coupon bonds with a principal amount of $15.5 million and maturing in March 2020. It did not ascribe a value to the position. But in its July 2013 annual report, the fund had valued the debt, which was denominated in German marks and Swiss francs, at $830,000. It said it had acquired the securities between 2007 and 2011 for more than $3.1 million. The asset manager declined to comment. North Korea is only the latest frontier market to be moving further out of reach of investors desperate to expand into new high-return markets. Excitement over investment in Cuba for instance has gone tepid after Trump ordered a clampdown on U.S. business dealings with the Caribbean island’s military, saying he was cancelling his predecessor Barack Obama’s “terrible and misguided deal” with Havana. Investing in Iran too has proven a long slog, despite optimism after Tehran’s 2015 deal with six major powers to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of oil bans and most financial sanctions. “Nothing is going to happen with these (North Korean) issues for a long, long time,” said Charles Blitzer, a debt restructuring expert and former IMF staffer. Blitzer estimates that interest arrears on North Korean debt amount to around 4-5 times the outstanding $1 billion principal.   “North Korea is like Cuba in spades - they have similar ratios of principal to arrears and have not yet indicated much interest in dealing with the London Club,” said Blitzer, referring to debt owed to the private sector.  ",1
2225,U.S. Navy secretary says 'any patriot' should be able to serve,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer said he would follow directions from the president on transgender people in the military but believes “any patriot” should be allowed to serve. Spencer, speaking to reporters on Thursday on a visit to Naval Station Norfolk in Virginia, said he would abide by any policy the Pentagon provides to the armed forces on the transgender issue. However, Spencer said he believes that, on a fundamental basis, “any patriot that wants to serve and meets all the requirements should be able to serve in our military,” according to news reports. President Donald Trump announced on Twitter last month that he would ban transgender people from serving in the military “in any capacity,” reviving a ban that had ended in 2016. Trump’s announcement created vast uncertainty for active-duty and reserve transgender service members, who say they number in the thousands. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in a memo a day after Trump’s tweet that there would be no change in policy until Defense Secretary James Mattis received an official order from the president. That order has not been issued. A week after the announcement, the U.S. Coast Guard commandant, Admiral Paul Zukunft, offered support for transgender members of his service. On Wednesday, five transgender members of the U.S. military, including Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans, sued Trump over the transgender ban, saying he made the announcement without consulting senior military commanders. ",1
2226,North Korea missile crisis seen pushing South Korea to gun up,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The escalating threat arising from nuclear-armed North Korea’s recent series of missile tests is prompting South Korea to beef up its military muscle and experts warn it could spur an arms buildup elsewhere in Northeast Asia. South Korea and Japan are accustomed to the North’s frequent threats to attack. But the war of words between Washington and Pyongyang has raised fears of a sudden clash along the world’s most militarised border dividing the two Koreas, which might quickly escalate to all-out war. After North Korea’s second test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) on July 28, South Korean President Moon Jae-in ordered a speedy deployment of the controversial U.S. THAAD anti-missile defense system, reversing his earlier decision to postpone it pending an environmental review.  This week, the U.S. Defence Department said it was “actively” considering revising bilateral ballistic missile guidelines with South Korea to allow Seoul to build more powerful missiles — at the South’s request. Moon told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone conversation on Monday South Korea also wants to build a nuclear-powered submarine, presidential officials said. “All of this could lead to further militarization of South Korea,” said Yang Uk, a senior research fellow at the Korea Defence and Security Forum. South Korea, which spends around a tenth of its annual budget on defense, is already home to some 625,000 local soldiers and more than 28,000 U.S. troops. The country, still technically at war with the North after the 1950-53 Korean War ended in a truce and not a peace treaty, has deployed the U.S.-built Patriot missile defense system, as well as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system. Trump warned the North and its leader Kim Jong Un against attacking Guam or U.S. allies on Friday, a day after the isolated country said it was finalizing by mid-August a plan to launch four intermediate range missiles toward waters off the U.S. Pacific territory. “If North Korea actually launches Hwasong-12 missiles towards Guam, they’re going to do it with all their other missiles, artillery and tanks ready for action,” said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert at Kyungnam University’s Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul. “And we should be prepared too.” Even before the latest spike in tensions, South Korea was seeking to enhance its missile-defense capabilities in the face of the unprecedented pace of North Korean missile tests. Japan, worried its ballistic missile defenses could be overwhelmed by swarm attacks or circumvented by warheads launched on lofted trajectories, is likely to acquire a ground-based version of the Aegis missile defense system. It is also mulling the acquisition of munitions that would allow it to strike North Korea missile sites. “The greatest threat to both states remains shorter range artillery, artillery rockets and stockpiles of short-to-medium range missiles. The focus will primarily remain upon bolstering defensive rather than offensive capabilities,” said Reed Foster, a defense analyst for IHS Jane’s. “I don’t believe that there will be any significant altering of East Asian procurement strategies, despite the rhetoric emanating from North Korea, principally because for them the threat hasn’t altered drastically,” Reed added. Conservative lawmakers in Seoul in recent days have even called for a “nuclear balance” on the peninsula, saying Seoul should ask Washington to redeploy U.S. nuclear weapons if South Korea is unable to develop its own. The United States withdrew nuclear weapons from South Korea in 1992, when the two Koreas agreed to make the peninsula nuclear free. In violation of that agreement as well as U.N. Security Council resolutions, North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests. “Now is the right time to actively look at bringing back tactical nuclear weapons,” Chung Woo-taik, floor leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, told Reuters. “North Korea broke the denuclearisation agreement a long time ago.” Reintroducing nuclear weapons remains an unlikely scenario, as that would undermine demands from Seoul and Washington for North Korea to abandon its nuclear programs. For now, officials are instead focused on changing the missile guidelines, which allow Seoul to have ballistic missiles with a flight range capped at 800 km (497 miles), topped with a maximum 500 kg (1,102 pounds) warhead. South Korea is less focused on increasing the flight range, as that could face opposition from neighbors including China, Russia and Japan, and the 800-km range limit covers all of North Korea in any case, senior government officials said. Rather, Seoul wants to double the maximum payload to 1,000 kg or greater, powerful enough to target underground bunkers or nuclear sites within the North, the officials said. That’s still a fraction of the size of “the mother of all bombs”, which the United States dropped on a suspected Islamic State target in Afghanistan in April. The 21,600-pound GBU-43 bomb is one of the largest non-nuclear devices used in combat.    ",1
2227,Merkel sees no military solution to U.S. dispute with North Korea,"BERLIN (Reuters) - There is no military solution to the United States’ dispute with North Korea, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday, adding that a war of words between the two countries was the wrong approach. “I don’t see a military solution to this conflict,” Merkel told reporters in Berlin. “I see the need for enduring work at the U.N. Security Council ... as well as tight cooperation between the countries involved, especially the U.S. and China”. “Germany will be intensively involved in any non-military solutions,” Merkel said. “But an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer.” ",1
2228,Reports suggest North Korea treating foreign detainees inhumanely: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Foreign detainees in North Korea are reportedly being denied due process in court and being held in inhumane conditions, a United Nations investigator said on Friday. Tomas Ojea Quintana, U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in North Korea, also said that military threats being exchanged by Washington and Pyongyang were diverting attention from the needs of ordinary North Koreans. He welcomed the release this week of Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on humanitarian grounds after serving more than two years of a sentence of hard labour for life on charges of plotting to overthrow the regime. Lim’s family said on Thursday that he was not in critical condition. But at least nine other foreigners — three Americans and six citizens of South Korea — remain in custody in North Korea, the U.N. expert said.  Otto Warmbier, a U.S. student held for 17 months after being sentenced to 15 years hard labour for trying to steal a propaganda item from his hotel, was released in a coma in June and died within days. The circumstances of his death remain unclear. “I am concerned by reports that detainees are not receiving due legal process and are being held in inhumane conditions,” Ojea Quintana said in a statement issued in Geneva. North Korean authorities are obliged to provide foreign detainees with access to consular support and an interpreter, “but these entitlements cannot be taken for granted, based on the information I have been receiving”, he said. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), which visits detainees worldwide, does not have access to political prison camps in North Korea, believed to hold some 100,000 people. U.S. President Donald Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying American weapons were “locked and loaded” as Pyongyang accused him of driving the Korean Peninsula to the brink of nuclear war. “These threats divert attention from the situation of ordinary North Koreans, whose subsistence and protection needs should be treated as an absolute priority,” said Ojea Quintana, an Argentine lawyer who took up the independent U.N. post last year. A 2014 U.N. report catalogued massive violations in North Korea — including large prison camps, starvation and executions — that it said should be brought to the International Criminal Court (ICC).  The landmark report, strongly rejected by Pyongyang, said North Korean leader Kim Jong Un might be personally responsible for crimes against humanity. ",1
2229,U.S.-South Korea military exercise to start Aug. 21: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A joint U.S.-South Korean military exercise will start on Aug. 21 as planned, the Pentagon said on Friday as the United States and North Korea traded threats of war. The annual joint military exercise, called Ulchi-Freedom Guardian, is expected to go ahead as originally scheduled and will start on Aug. 21, said Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman. ",1
2230,Trump: military solutions 'locked and loaded' against North Korea threat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump issued another warning to North Korea on Friday with a reference to American weapons as being “locked and loaded.” “Military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!” Trump wrote on Twitter, a day after his defense secretary said the United States was ready to counter any threat from Pyongyang. ",1
2231,Trump administration defends travel ban in Supreme Court brief,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s administration reiterated arguments defending its temporary travel ban in a filing with the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday, repeatedly citing the executive’s broad powers to exclude foreigners from the United States. The travel ban barring refugees and people from six Muslim-majority nations was signed as an executive order in March, after an earlier version had to be scrapped in the face of legal challenges. Two federal appeals courts blocked the revised order from taking effect until the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in June it could move forward on a limited basis. The nation’s highest court has agreed to hear oral arguments about the lawfulness of the ban on Oct. 10, and the brief laid out the legal position the government plans to make. The state of Hawaii and refugee organizations challenging the executive order claim it is discriminatory against Muslims, citing statements Trump made on the campaign trail calling for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” However, the government, hammering against a broad ruling by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that blocked the ban, said campaign statements made by the president when he was a private citizen should not be taken into account. The brief said it was a mistake to probe the president’s motives in decisions about national security, which would amount to inappropriate “judicial psychoanalysis” of the president. Trump said the order was necessary to review vetting procedures to help protect the country from terrorist attacks.  The Department of Justice argued the case would “invite impermissible intrusion on privileged internal Executive Branch deliberations” and that the plaintiffs in the case were calling for “up to 30 depositions of White House staff and Cabinet-level officials.” The government repeated its stance that Congress has granted the president wide authority to limit refugee admissions and bar the entry of any foreigner or group of foreigners if it would be “detrimental to the interests of the United States.”  The Supreme Court ruled parts of the revised March executive order could go into effect on June 29, finding that anyone from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen with a “bona fide relationship” to a U.S. citizen or entity could not be barred. However, the government excluded grandparents and other family members from the definition of who would be allowed in, leading to another round of legal sparring. Eventually the Supreme Court said that, while litigation continues over enforcement of the ban in lower courts, grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, and siblings-in-law of people from the six countries would be let in but that refugees with relationships with U.S. resettlement agencies would not.  Attorney Neal Katyal, who is representing Hawaii in its challenge to the ban, said in an email on Thursday: “We look forward to the Supreme Court hearing our case in October.” ",1
2232,Trump thanks Putin for slashing U.S. diplomatic staff,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering the United States to slash its diplomatic staff in Russia, remarks likely to rekindle criticism of Trump’s kid-gloves handling of Putin.  Breaking nearly two weeks of silence on Putin’s July 30 order cutting U.S. embassy and consulate staff by nearly two thirds, Trump said: “I’m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll.” Trump said “there’s no real reason for them to go back” and “we’re going to save a lot of money,” in response to Putin’s Cold War-style move, differing from the reactions of other presidents in similar circumstances in the past. It also clashes with a State Department official having called Moscow’s order “a regrettable and uncalled-for act.” On Thursday, the State Department had no immediate reaction to the comments Trump made to reporters while on vacation at his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. Congressional committees and a special counsel are investigating the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 election campaign by hacking and other methods to help Trump, a Republican. They are also looking into possible collusion between the campaign and Russian officials. Moscow has repeatedly denied meddling in the election and Trump denies any campaign collusion. Putin, reacting to new sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress and reluctantly signed into law by Trump, ordered Washington to cut 755 of its 1,200 embassy and consulate staff by September. Many of those affected likely will be local Russian staffers. It was also a tit-for-tat reaction to former President Barack Obama expelling 35 Russian diplomats from the United States last December over the intelligence agency reports. During his campaign and since becoming president, Trump has consistently called for better ties with Russia, declined to criticize Putin and refused to unequivocally embrace the conclusions of the intelligence agencies.  Intended to be flippant or not, Trump’s remarks on Thursday were immediately denounced by current and former U.S. officials who have served both Republican and Democratic administrations. Nicholas Burns, the State Department’s third-ranking official under Republican President George W. Bush, called Trump’s comments “grotesque.” “If he was joking, he should know better,” said Burns, now a professor at Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. “If he wasn’t, it’s unprecedented. A president has never defended the expulsion of our diplomats.”  The State Department has “horrified and rattled” by Trump’s remarks, said a veteran U.S. diplomat who has served in Russia, speaking on condition of anonymity. And Heather Conley, formerly a top State Department official dealing with European affairs, said the expulsions of hundreds of people from an important U.S. embassy is extraordinary and “it is very difficult to see how the president could view these expulsions as a ‘positive’ development in any form.” In additional remarks on Thursday, Trump said he was surprised by the FBI raid last month on the home of his former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, adding that it sent a “strong signal.” Trump said he has not given any thought to the possibility of firing special counsel Robert Mueller. In May, Trump dismissed James Comey, who was Director of the FBI when Trump went into office seven months ago. As presidential candidate, Trump invited Russia to dig up thousands of “missing” emails from Democratic rival Hillary Clinton’s time as secretary of state, vexing intelligence experts and prompting Democrats to accuse him of urging a foreign country to spy on Americans. “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump said on the campaign. Clinton kept a private server from 2009 to 2013. She handed over thousands of emails in 2015 to investigators, but did not release about 30,000 she said were personal and not work-related. ",1
2233,White House plans to release tax reform framework in September: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House plans to release a brief document in early- to mid-September outlining a framework for overhauling the U.S. tax code, according to three sources familiar with the matter. In a sign of the Trump administration’s struggles to advance its domestic policy agenda, the three-to-five-page document would not be accompanied by tax legislation, as some had expected, said the sources, who were not authorized to speak publicly. But the framework would come from the “Big Six” congressional and administration leaders on tax reform, the same group that released a joint statement on taxes in July, after months of closed-door talks. It was unclear whether all of the Big Six members have agreed on the release. But two sources said the White House has told business representatives and lobbyists in recent days to expect a tax reform framework next month. The White House had no comment. White House legislative director Marc Short told a July forum he expected legislation to come before lawmakers for debate after the Sept. 4 U.S. Labor Day holiday and be voted on in the House of Representatives and the Senate in October and November. Sources said the framework document would not be accompanied by legislation. But it could provide a starting point for a tax bill. It would lay out areas of agreement between the Trump administration, the Senate and the House of Representatives, and could also include input from discussions with Democrats. Financial markets rallied in late 2016 and early this year on expectations that Trump would cut corporate taxes early in his presidency. But after more than six months in power, he has yet to score a major legislative victory or introduce significant legislation of any kind to Congress.  Corporate lobbyists and independent analysts say tax legislation, if it can move forward at all, is unlikely to be approved before early 2018. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch have said they plan to consider tax legislation later this year. But neither has set a deadline. The Big Six — Brady, Hatch, House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn — said in their July statement that they were charging the two committees with developing and drafting legislation. ",1
2234,Defense Secretary Mattis sees growth for Silicon Valley defense unit,"MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday an Obama-era experimental defense outpost in Silicon Valley would grow in importance under the Trump administration and that the nation’s technology entrepreneurs were vital to national defense. Mattis paid his first official visit to the Pentagon’s Defense Innovation Experimental Unit, or DIUx, in Mountain View, California, as part of a two-day outreach tour to the U.S. technology industry intended to highlight the Pentagon’s commitment to technology innovation. “There is no doubt in my mind that DIUx will not only continue to exist, it will actually grow in its influence and its impact on the Department of Defense,” Mattis told reporters during brief remarks at the DIUx facility. DIUx was set up two years ago by Mattis’ predecessor, Ash Carter. It serves as a Pentagon hub for attracting private-sector innovation to solve complex and technical military challenges. But DIUx has faced criticism from some Republican lawmakers who have questioned its value and organization. The program underwent an overhaul in May 2016, less than a year after launching. Since June of last year DIUx has awarded $100 million in contracts for 45 pilot projects in areas including artificial intelligence, autonomous machines and space. The unit currently has 48 staff and is expected to grow to about 75 by the end of 2018, said Sean Singleton, DIUx’s director of engagement. Mattis said DIUx would help the U.S. military become “more lethal and more capable of defending our experiment that is called the United States of America.” The unit’s leadership was reporting directly to his senior staff, Mattis said, adding that he expected DIUx would help the military incorporate advances in artificial intelligence taking place in Silicon Valley. The defense secretary’s visit came as the Trump administration has sparred with the technology industry on a host of issues, including immigration, climate change and privacy. Earlier on Thursday Mattis visited Amazon’s headquarters in Seattle. He was expected to visit Alphabet’s Google headquarters in Palo Alto, California, on Friday. “A pleasure to host #SecDef James Mattis at Amazon HQ in Seattle today,” Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos wrote on Twitter in a post that included a photo of him and Mattis smiling at one another.     ",1
2235,Senators urge Trump to avoid blockade of Venezuela oil shipments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four U.S. Senate Republicans from oil refining states urged the Trump administration on Thursday to not block oil shipments from Venezuela as part of U.S. sanctions against the country, saying it could raise costs for U.S. fuel consumers.  The United States sanctioned President Nicolas Maduro and other Venezuelan officials after Maduro established a constituent assembly run by his Socialist Party loyalists and cracked down on widespread opposition. It has not placed sanctions on the OPEC member’s oil industry. Senators John Cornyn of Texas, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, and Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker of Mississippi said in the letter, which was seen by Reuters, that unilaterally blocking oil exports could harm the U.S. economy and Venezuelan people.  The United States imports about 740,000 barrels per day of oil from Venezuela.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the letter, which was addressed to President Donald Trump.    “We believe it is critical to consider the role the U.S. energy industry and refining sector play in our economic and national security interest,” the senators wrote. “Blockading imports could inflict great harm on this industry and burden U.S. taxpayers with the cost.” The senators said sanctions on shipments of Venezuelan oil to the United States could also increase the likelihood of a disorderly default by Venezuela, given the oil business is its  main source of revenue. Creditors could then seize Venezuelan oil assets and cut off the government’s remaining sources of financing.  They also noted that such sanctions could expand the interests of China and Russia in Venezuela’s oil business. Both countries have invested in Venezuela for years.     Sources have said the United States could use heavy crude from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve held in caverns along the Gulf Coast, to relieve any short-term supply pressure if Venezuela’s shipments were blocked. Nearly 680 million barrels of oil are in reserve. A drilling boom in the United States has allowed the government to store more oil than it needs to meet international spare supply agreements.  ",1
2236,Trump says he has not thought about firing Russia probe special counsel,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he has not given any thought to the possibility of firing special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. Speaking to reporters at his New Jersey golf club, Trump also said he was surprised by the FBI raid last month of his former campaign manager Paul Manafort, adding that it sent a “strong signal.”  ",1
2237,"Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign chief, drops legal team","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, has tapped a new legal team to represent him as government lawyers examine possible Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, his spokesman Jason Maloni said. Law firm WilmerHale had been speaking on Manafort’s behalf to investigators, but that relationship has ended, Maloni said. “As of today, WilmerHale no longer represents Mr. Manafort,” Maloni said in a statement. “Mr. Manafort is in the process of retaining his former counsel, Miller & Chevalier, to represent him in the office of special counsel investigation,” read the statement. Miller & Chevalier’s Richard Hibey has previously represented Manafort. His other clients have included CIA officer Clair George, who was convicted in 1992 of making false statements to Congress about the Reagan administration’s secret arms sales to Iran. Earlier this week, sources confirmed that FBI agents had raided Manafort’s Virginia home and seized documents and other material as part of the probe. ",1
2238,Trump EPA lags behind in environmental enforcement: report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - During the first six months of the Trump presidency, the Environmental Protection Agency has lagged behind three previous administrations in environmental enforcement, collecting 60 percent less in civil penalties from polluters, a report released on Thursday said. During President Donald Trump’s first six months in office, the Justice Department collected $12 million in civil penalties as part of 26 civil lawsuits. That compares to $36 million in 34 cases during the Obama administration; $30 million in 31 cases under the George W. Bush administration; and $25 million in 45 cases during the Clinton administration’s first six months, the report by the Environmental Integrity Project (EIP) found. “If this drop-off in environmental enforcement continues, it will leave more people breathing more air pollution or swimming in waterways with more waste,” said EIP Executive Director Eric Schaeffer, who served as the EPA’s head of civil enforcement from 1997 to 2002. The report analyzed consent decrees lodged by the Justice Department from Trump’s first day in office, Jan. 21, through July 31, evaluating penalties paid by companies, the amount those companies will spend on pollution controls and how much pollution these enforcement actions can reduce. Patrick Traylor, deputy assistant administrator at EPA’s Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, reviewed a copy of the report and said the findings were unfair because it can take months for a consent decree to be lodged. “This ‘snapshot’ ... says much more about enforcement actions commenced in the later years of the Obama administration than it does about actions taken in the beginning of the Trump administration,” he said in a statement. The report also found that value of injunctive relief, or the amount of money violators spend to install pollution controls and clean up, was also lowest in the Trump administration under EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. Under Trump, injunctive relief required in 10 cases totaled $197 million, compared to $710 million in 16 cases under Bush and $1.2 billion in 22 under Obama, the report said. EPA did not collect this data until the later years of the Clinton administration, so results could not be compared. Environmental groups have raised concerns about Pruitt’s close ties to the energy industry, documented in public records of his meetings. When asked about his approach to enforcement and close industry ties in an interview with Reuters last month, Pruitt said the EPA is committed to enforcement and working with states to carry it out.  ",1
2239,U.S. judge deals blow to Texas 'sanctuary' city law,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A U.S. district judge in Austin has rejected an effort by Texas to have a law that would punish so-called sanctuary cities be declared constitutional ahead of the measure taking effect next month. The Republican-backed law is the first of its kind since Republican Donald Trump became president in January, promising a crackdown on illegal immigrants and localities that protect them. Texas is the U.S. state with the longest border with Mexico.  U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks, appointed under Republican President George H.W. Bush, dismissed the case without prejudice late on Wednesday. The brief ruling did not give a reason. Senate Bill 4 calls for jailing police chiefs, sheriffs and possibly frontline officers who fail to cooperate with U.S. immigration officials. The measure also allows police to ask about immigration status during a lawful detention. After the law was approved in May, Texas sued major urban areas, including Austin, El Paso and Houston, as well as civil rights groups, saying they backed policies of non-cooperation with federal immigration officials. At a June hearing, Sparks asked why a court should declare the law constitutional before it took effect on Sept. 1. He also questioned why he should hear the case when most of the parties were part of a separate lawsuit over the same law being heard in a federal court in San Antonio. The defendants contended they had abided by federal law and the suit should be dismissed because Texas had no evidence showing it had been harmed by a law not yet in effect. Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said on Wednesday he was disappointed with the ruling on what he called an “undoubtedly constitutional law.” The American Civil Liberties Union, a civil rights group that has argued in court against the law, on Thursday said the Texas suit was a farce aimed at distracting attention from the harm that would come with SB 4. “This is a significant blow to the State, and its legal posturing has only resulted in wasted taxpayer money,” Edgar Saldivar, senior staff attorney of the ACLU of Texas, said in a statement.   In the federal case in San Antonio, a small border town and some of the largest Texas cities told a judge in June that SB 4 could lead to an immigration police state and establish illegal racial profiling. They asked the court to halt it, saying it was unconstitutional. ",1
2240,Trump attacks Mitch McConnell for second day over Senate health policy failure,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump attacked his own party’s Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, for a second day on Thursday, complaining from the steps of his private New Jersey golf club about Republicans’ failure to repeal and replace Obamacare. “I just want him to get repeal and replace done. I’ve been hearing repeal and replace now for seven years ... Mitch, get to work and let’s get it done,” Trump told reporters at a briefing on his vacation. In the aftermath of last month’s collapse in the Senate of a years-long Republican campaign to gut the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly called Obamacare, Trump has berated McConnell and other Republican senators, urging them to return to the divisive issue of reforming the U.S. healthcare insurance system. Many senators, including McConnell, have been making the case that it is time to move on to other policies, such as tax reform and improving infrastructure. Asked at the briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey, if McConnell should consider stepping down as Senate Republican leader, Trump said: “If he doesn’t get repeal and replace done, and he doesn’t get taxes done ... and if he doesn’t get a very easy one to get done - infrastructure - if he doesn’t get them done, then you can ask me that question.” But Trump also said, “Where is repeal and replace? Now I want tax reform and tax cuts... so I say tax cuts, tax reform and I want a very big infrastructure bill.” Trump had assailed McConnell on Twitter both Wednesday and Thursday, responding to a speech in which the Senate leader said Trump had “excessive expectations” of Congress on matters such as healthcare and did not understand how long it can take to pass major legislation. “Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn’t get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare!” Trump tweeted on Thursday. A spokesman for McConnell had no comment on Trump’s tweets.   The Senate’s most senior Republican declared his support of McConnell. Senator Orrin Hatch, who is president pro tempore of the Senate, said on Twitter that McConnell “has been the best leader we’ve had in my time in the Senate, through very tough challenges. I fully support him.”   McConnell’s efforts to push through a healthcare bill collapsed last month when he failed to reconcile conflicting demands among conservatives and moderates in the party and get all of the Republicans in the Senate behind the legislation. The House passed its version of a healthcare bill in May.  Alienating the Senate majority leader could make it far more difficult for Trump to achieve his legislative goals. Trump has failed to notch a major legislative win since taking office in January, although Republicans control both the Senate and House of Representatives. The administration has also been mired in investigations into contacts between his presidential campaign and Russia, and distracted by infighting among high-level White House staff. McConnell, in a speech on Monday in his home state of Kentucky, said the administration had set too many artificial deadlines and was disappointed when lawmakers did not meet them. “Our new president, of course, has not been in this line of work before. And I think he had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process,” McConnell said. The blame game between the president, a real estate businessman who had never previously held public office, and McConnell coincides with opinion polls showing public approval rating for Congress and Trump dipping to new lows. A RealClearPolitics average of opinion polls shows approval for the job the president is doing at 37.9 percent, while just 15.7 percent approve of the work Congress is doing.",1
2241,Trump declares national emergency on opioid abuse,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday declared the opioid epidemic a national emergency and said his administration was drafting papers to make it official. “The opioid crisis is an emergency and I’m saying officially right now it is an emergency,” Trump told reporters in New Jersey. “We’re going to draw it up and we’re going to make it a national emergency. It is a serious problem, the likes of which we have never had.” Trump spoke about a week after a White House commission on the opioid crisis led by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie recommended the president declare it a national emergency. The declaration could help unlock more support and resources to address the drug overdose epidemic, such as additional funding and expanded access to various forms of treatment, and it gives the government more flexibility in waiving rules and restrictions to expedite action. National emergencies are typically declared for short-term crises, such as the Zika virus outbreak or a natural disaster. It is unclear what Trump’s declaration will mean for a complex, long-term public health problem.  “We’re going to spend a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of money on the opioid crisis,” Trump said. “This is a worldwide problem, not just a United States problem.” More than 100 Americans die of drug overdoses every day, the commission wrote in a report, noting that “America is enduring a death toll equal to September 11th every three weeks.” Opioids played a role in more than 33,000 deaths in 2015, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump held a “major briefing” on the epidemic on Tuesday, but stopped short of following the commission’s recommendation. Instead, he talked mostly about stopping the flow of drugs into the United States and ensuring young people never start using drugs. He did not discuss access to treatment.  ",1
2242,U.S. government seeks comments for fuel-economy standards review,"DETROIT (Reuters) - The U.S. government is seeking public comments for a review of tough U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards put in place by the Obama administration, the Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency said on Thursday. The review was ordered by Republican President Donald Trump earlier this year. It is widely seen as a preamble to loosening fuel standards, handing a victory to the auto industry. Rules set by the EPA may, however, take a back seat to consumers demanding vehicles that guzzle less gas and automakers having to meet strict standards if they want to sell cars overseas, according to auto industry analysts. “We want to increase public participation, listen to those impacted directly by our regulations and use the best available information and data to inform our regulatory actions,” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said in a statement.  The Obama administration’s rules, negotiated with automakers in 2012, were aimed at doubling average fleetwide fuel efficiency to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, although the real-world mileage figures would be lower. The review covers vehicle model years 2022 to 2025. The EPA is also seeking comments on whether fuel standards for the 2021 model year “are appropriate.” The public comment period will be open for 45 days. Environmental and consumer groups criticized the ongoing process to review the Obama-era standards. “If automakers are allowed to slack off on making cars run more efficiently, Americans will be forced to spend thousands of dollars more on gas, instead of on their families,” Jack Gillis, public affairs director of the Consumer Federation of America, said in an emailed statement. ",1
2243,Trump says close to decision on Afghanistan,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was very close to making a decision on the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan, which is undergoing a review and could see an increase in troop strength. “We’re getting close. We’re getting very close,” Trump told reporters at his New Jersey golf club when asked about Afghanistan. ",1
2244,Oklahoma Supreme Court rules fee on cigarettes unconstitutional,"(Reuters) - Oklahoma’s Supreme Court declared a fee on cigarettes unconstitutional on Thursday, citing faulty lawmaking practices, prompting the state’s governor to suggest calling back the legislature to find a solution to replace the lost revenue. In a statement following the court’s decision, Republican Governor Mary Fallin said invalidating the fee would cause a $215 million budget shortfall. Most of the revenue created by the passage in May of the “cessation” fee - $1.50 per pack of cigarettes - was earmarked for health and human services agencies. “These agencies and the people they serve cannot sustain the kind of cuts that will occur if we do not find a solution,” Fallin said. “My belief is we will have to come into special session to address this issue.” The court called the fee a “revenue raising measure” that was passed in violation of the state’s legislative process that requires that such measures cannot be passed in the last five days of a session. The measure also did not garner either a required supermajority vote in favor, or a vote by the people to pass. Lawmakers were attempting to fill an $878 million shortfall.  A special session would cost the state an additional $30,000 per day, according to a statement released Thursday by the House Democratic Caucus. Petitioners, which included both tobacco and wholesale distribution companies, argued that the fee was a revenue-raising measure. Attorneys representing the state said the principle purpose of the fee was not to raise revenue, saying that it primarily aimed at reducing smoking rates, and therefore did not have to follow the constitutional process. Oklahoma has a balanced budget requirement. Its fiscal-year 2018 budget totaled about $6.8 billion, according to Michael McNutt, a spokesman for Fallin. The yield on Oklahoma 10-year general obligation bonds traded 20 basis points over the benchmark Thomson Reuters Municipal Market Data AAA yield scale on Wednesday, according to the data available. The yield was little changed from the end of May, when the state’s legislative session ended. ",1
2245,Blocking abuse of lower small business rate slows U.S. tax overhaul,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A plan by President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans to slash taxes on so-called pass-through businesses is testing lawmakers’ ability to design rules to prevent wealthy people from dodging taxes by paying a lower rate meant to help small businesses grow. Businesses ranging in size from the corner Mom-and-Pop shop to accounting firms and industrial conglomerates are called pass-throughs because their profits flow to owners and are taxed as individual income, often at the top 39.6 percent rate. By contrast, publicly held corporations have their own top corporate income tax rate of 35 percent, at least on paper. Corporate profits are further taxed when they flow through to shareholders as dividends. Republicans including House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan have vowed to get tax legislation to Trump’s desk before the end of 2017, but pass-throughs are one of the thorniest issues in their effort to enact the first comprehensive tax overhaul since 1986. The Republican timeline is in doubt because of complexities posed by pass-throughs and other difficult issues that could roll the debate into 2018 and beyond, analysts and lobbyists said. Trump and Republicans, who control the House and Senate, want to give pass-throughs their own tax rate of 15-25 percent, saying such a low rate would help unleash economic growth by leaving owners with more money to hire and invest. The danger with this proposal is that high-income people who pay the top individual tax rate could reap enormous windfalls simply by reclassifying their wages and salaries as pass-through business income to qualify for the new low rate.       Tax avoidance schemes along these lines could erase up to $584 billion from government coffers over the next decade, the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimated. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimates that over 28 million businesses are organized as pass-throughs. Income from them has been taxed at the same rates as wages and salaries since the individual income tax was enacted in 1913. “These are tough, tough questions. And politics aside, they’re what has held up tax reform for so long,” said one corporate lobbyist, who asked not be identified. “This is an area where there’s still a lot of discussion and no solution.” To address this, policymakers are looking at limiting how much of a business owner’s income should get pass-through treatment. But that’s hard to define because pass-throughs range from sole proprietorships and partnerships to S-corporations. Rebecca Boenigk, chairman and chief executive of the pass-through manufacturer Neutral Posture, worries that Congress could choose solutions that inadvertently add complexity for small businesses and deny business owners the capital they need. “There’s always a rule that’s put into place to take care of the 1 percent of people who are bad, and that rule ends up affecting the 99 percent of people who are good,” said Boenigk, who began making ergonomic furniture with her mother 28 years ago in their family garage.    One proposal under consideration would apply the pass-through rate to only 30 percent of a business owner’s income, while giving taxpayers the option of qualifying for more favorable treatment from the Internal Revenue Service, congressional sources and lobbyists said. The remaining 70 percent of income would be taxed at the higher individual rate.   The National Federation of Independent Business, a small business lobbying group in Washington, wants Congress and the Trump administration to apply the lower tax rate to 50 percent of a business owner’s income. Some lobbyists warn against the idea of allowing business owners to qualify for a higher percentage of income for the pass-through rate with the IRS, saying an additional layer of complicated procedures could backfire and encourage fraud.    Keith Hall, president of the National Association for the Self-Employed, would rather see business owners pay individual tax on a portion of their income set by living standards data for the geographical areas in which they live. But if lawmakers adopted the 70-30 approach, Hall said, higher earners should see the larger portions of their income qualify for the pass-through rate to maximize the amount of capital they can invest in their businesses.     Other proposals would limit the pass-through rate according to the business owner’s capital or stock value; exclude income from partnerships engaged in “personal services” such as law, accounting, medicine and engineering; or exclude passive income from royalties, rents, dividends and income. With Republicans pushing to overhaul the tax code before year-end, analysts say tax legislation could include a number of anti-abuse rules. “Lawmakers aren’t going to know which anti-abuse measures work. If they’re risk-averse, they may throw in more than one,” said Scott Greenberg, senior analyst at the Tax Foundation. ",1
2246,"Factbox: Many pieces to tax reform puzzle for Trump, U.S. Congress","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans, fresh from their failed push to repeal Obamacare, are now tackling a project that has eluded Washington for 30 years - tax reform. Tax staffers are meeting in the House of Representatives and the Senate through the August break to work on legislation that is expected to be unveiled next month. Some analysts are skeptical that the fractious Republicans are up to comprehensive tax reform, even though the party controls both chambers, and say Republican may have to settle for a handful of tax cuts. Here are some of the key tax issues ahead. Americans pay a top individual tax rate of 39.6 percent. Trump wants to cut that top rate to 35 percent; House Republican leaders have proposed cutting it to 33 percent. In proposals to simplify taxes, Trump wants to shrink the number of tax brackets to three from seven and double the standard deduction, a set level of income exempt from tax. The latter move, analysts say, would sharply reduce the number of taxpayers who can claim certain narrower deductions, such as the ones for mortgage interest and charitable donations. Trump has also promised, without providing much detail, more help for families with child and dependent care expenses and to eliminate targeted tax breaks that benefit wealthy people. In two proposals that would help mainly high-income and wealthy taxpayers, Trump and congressional Republicans want to repeal the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax. The estate tax, which Republicans call the “death tax,” is a tax on the assets left to heirs by people when they die. It is paid by very few Americans because it currently applies only to inheritances exceeding $5.49 million per person. The alternative minimum tax is a way to make sure that mostly high-earners who have many deductions pay some taxes. An effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to repeal former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act and the taxes that support it failed in July. Those taxes, including a 3.8-percent surtax on investment income and a 0.9-percent payroll tax to support the Medicare healthcare program for the elderly, remain on the books for now.  Americans can deduct taxes paid to state and local governments from their federal tax bills. Trump and House Republican leaders want to end this. The proposal would most hurt states where Democrats dominate because those states tend to charge higher state and local taxes and provide more government services, with the result that their residents take larger federal deductions. But the proposal is opposed by at least 20 House Republicans, reducing its chances of enactment. Tax deductions for interest paid on mortgages and donations to charities are probably safe. Trump has promised to protect them. Yet, there has been discussion of lowering the cap on the mortgage interest deduction to $500,000 from $1 million. Analysts say that would generate enough revenue to cut the corporate tax rate by three percentage points, but such a move would pit upper-middle class and wealthy homeowners against multinational corporations.   Lobbyists for real estate businesses and philanthropies say  that, if the standard deduction doubled, fewer taxpayers would be able to claim the mortgage interest and charitable giving deductions. That could undermine home-buying and donations to philanthropies, they say. Corporations pay 35 percent of their profits in taxes, at least on paper. Trump wants to slash that to 15 percent; House Republicans want 20 percent; some lawmakers say 25 percent might be achievable. No consensus on the rate has been reached. PASS-THROUGH BUSINESSES Trump wants a special, low tax rate for “pass-through” businesses, which are private companies that pass their profits through to owners as income that is taxed at the individual rate. Most U.S. businesses are pass-throughs and range from family-run shops to large businesses. The idea of a special tax rate for them raises the prospect of a new wave of tax avoidance schemes with wage earners funneling income into “pass-through” structures. Under Republicans’ plans, about $2.6 trillion in corporate profits now parked abroad would be repatriated, or brought into the United States, and taxed at 3.5 percent to 8.75 percent payable over eight years. That rate would be way below the 35 percent tax that is owed now on those profits, but that is payable only if they enter the country. Republicans also want to change the corporate income tax so companies are no longer taxed on foreign profits by adopting a so-called “territorial” system, replacing the “worldwide” system in which U.S. companies are taxed on profits globally. The U.S. tax code allows corporations to defer tax payments on foreign profits held overseas. Corporations have been stockpiling profits abroad to avoid paying the 35 percent U.S. corporate rate, which under current law they would owe when the money is returned to U.S. soil. A House Republican “border adjustment” tax proposal meant to discourage imports and encourage exports has been dropped. Tax cuts generally reduce federal revenue and raise the budget deficit. The deficit is estimated in fiscal 2017 to hit $693 billion, or 3.6 percent of U.S. gross domestic product (GDP), up from 3.1 percent in 2016. With that in mind, Republican deficit hawks could make it hard for Trump to push through any deficit-expanding tax measures. Some Republicans want Congress’s nonpartisan, professional tax and budget analysts to make more use of “dynamic scoring” in estimating the impact of tax changes on the budget. The approach tends to assume an increased economic stimulus effect from tax cuts, resulting in smaller projected increases to the deficit. ",1
2247,Trump on Twitter (August 10): Mitch McConnell,"The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn’t get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare![0654 EDT] - Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal & Replace, Tax Reform & Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it! [1240 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2248,Climate change helped fuel record heat in 2016: U.S. government report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Global warming helped fuel the hottest year on record in 2016, with greenhouse gas concentrations reaching a new high, a U.S. government report released on Thursday said. The report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration also cited a strong El Nino cycle as a factor behind the third consecutive year of record global warmth. ",1
2249,Trump appoints Chatterjee to chair energy commission,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that President Donald Trump had appointed Neil Chatterjee as chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Last week the Senate confirmed Chatterjee and Robert Powelson as members of the FERC, restoring a quorum to the agency. Chatterjee had previously been an energy policy advisor to U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican. ",1
2250,Cuba says investigating 'incidents' concerning U.S. diplomats in Havana,"WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba said on Wednesday it was investigating allegations by the United States that unspecified “incidents” caused physical symptoms in Americans serving at the U.S. Embassy in Havana, after two Washington-based Cuban diplomats were expelled.   “Cuba has never, nor would it ever, allow that the Cuban territory be used for any action against accredited diplomatic agents or their families,” the foreign ministry said in a statement late on Wednesday. “It reiterates its willingness to cooperate in the clarification of this situation.” Havana said it had started a “comprehensive, priority and urgent investigation” into the alleged incidents after it had been informed of them by the embassy in February.  Earlier on Wednesday, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters that the exact nature of the incidents was unclear, but Americans serving in Cuba had returned to the United States for non life-threatening “medical reasons.” The United States first learned of the issues at the embassy in late 2016, she said. “We don’t have any definitive answers about the source or the cause of what we consider to be incidents,” Nauert said. “It’s caused a variety of physical symptoms in these American citizens who work for the U.S. government. We take those incidents very seriously, and there is an investigation currently under way.” As a result, the United States on May 23 asked two Cuban officials in Washington to leave the country and they have done so, Nauert said, an action that Cuba described as “unjustified”.  “What this requires is providing medical examinations to these people,” Nauert said. “Initially, when they’d started reporting what I will just call symptoms, it took time to figure out what it was, and this is still ongoing. So we’re monitoring it.” A U.S. government official said several colleagues at the U.S. embassy in Havana were evacuated back to the United States for hearing problems and other symptoms over the past six months. Some subsequently got hearing aids, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Washington and Havana re-established diplomatic relations in 2015 after more than five decades of hostilities, re-opening embassies in each other’s capitals and establishing a new chapter of engagement between the former Cold War foes. President Donald Trump rolled back part of his predecessor Barack Obama’s policy toward Cuba, but has left in place many of the changes, including the re-opened U.S. Embassy in Havana. ",1
2251,Cuba denies involvement in incidents concerning U.S. diplomats,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba’s government said on Wednesday it would never allow actions against diplomats and their families on the island, after the U.S. State Department reported “incidents” had caused physical symptoms in Americans serving at the U.S. Embassy in Havana. “Cuba has never, nor would ever, allow the Cuban territory to be used for any kind of action against accredited diplomats or their families,” the foreign ministry said in a statement. Earlier on Wednesday, the U.S. State Department said it had expelled two Washington-based Cuban diplomats in May after the unspecified “incidents” in Havana. ",1
2252,FBI raid on ex-Trump aide's home shows Russia probe intensifies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A raid on the Virginia home of President Donald Trump’s former 2016 election campaign manager showed an investigation of possible ties between the campaign and Russia is intensifying and focused on the financial dealings of Trump associates, sources familiar with the probe said.  Longtime political consultant and lobbyist Paul Manafort is being investigated for possible money laundering and has been targeted as someone who might testify against former colleagues, said two people familiar with the work of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Manafort’s spokesman Jason Maloni confirmed on Wednesday that the FBI executed a search warrant at one of Manafort’s homes.  “Mr. Manafort has consistently cooperated with law enforcement and other serious inquiries and did so on this occasion as well,” Maloni said in an email. Manafort’s house in Alexandria, near Washington, was raided in the early morning of July 26, the Washington Post reported. The previous day Manafort had met with Senate Intelligence Committee staff, the Washington Post reported, citing unidentified people familiar with the probe. Tax documents and financial records were sought by agents for Mueller in the raid, the New York Times reported, citing a person familiar with the matter. Mueller’s team is poring over Manafort’s financial and real estate records in New York and his involvement in Ukrainian politics, the two sources told Reuters last month.   Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal called the raid a “highly significant step” and said it was “typical of the most serious criminal investigations dealing with uncooperative or untrusted potential targets.” The FBI did not immediately return a request for comment. Joshua Stueve, a spokesman for Mueller’s office, declined to confirm the raid. Trump has been attacking Blumenthal on Twitter this week after the senator urged Mueller to press his inquiry forward. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the presidential race, in part by hacking and releasing emails embarrassing to Trump’s opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, to help him get elected in November. Trump has called Mueller’s investigation a “witch hunt.” Allegations of collusion between Trump associates and Moscow have hounded the Republican president since he took office in January, presenting a major distraction from his policy agenda. Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the U.S. election. The Manhattan District Attorney’s office has been trying to track money that Manafort used to buy properties in New York, and looking into millions of dollars of loans later taken out on the properties, according to a person familiar with the matter. The prosecutor issued a subpoena to Federal Savings Bank, a small Chicago bank founded by a former Trump campaign adviser,  and is interested in the loan paperwork, the person said. It is unclear when the subpoena went out, but the first subpoenas in the probe went out months ago, the person said. Joan Vollero, a spokeswoman for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr., declined to comment. Steve Calk, the bank’s chairman and CEO, who was named to Trump’s economic advisory council during the campaign, declined to comment through a spokeswoman for the bank.  “Mr. Manafort’s real estate loans are all arm’s length transactions at or above market rates,” said Maloni. “There is nothing unusual about buying real estate through an LLC.” The New York Attorney General’s office also is looking into Manafort’s real estate transactions, another person said. One question for investigators was whether Manafort had knowledge of any Trump campaign dealings with Russia, including meetings with Russians with government ties, said one source familiar with Mueller’s work. The same question was relevant to investigators in regard to Trump’s fired former national security adviser, retired Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, the source said. “Financial matters have paper trails that can be easy to pick up and follow, so that’s a logical place to start,” the source added. Congressional committees are looking at a June 2016 meeting in New York with a Russian lawyer organized by Trump’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr. Trump Jr. released emails last month that showed he welcomed the prospect of receiving damaging information about Clinton. Manafort attended the meeting. Legal experts noted that the FBI had enough evidence to get approval for a search warrant concerning Manafort.  “Somewhere, there now exists under seal what is likely a very detailed affidavit laying out criminal allegations involving Paul Manafort, and specifically, there is probable cause to believe he has committed a crime or there is evidence of a crime at his home,” said Alex Little, a former federal prosecutor now with the law firm Bone McAllester Norton. A Senate Judiciary Committee aide said the panel has received more than 20,000 pages of documents from Trump’s presidential campaign, Manafort and Trump Jr. ",1
2253,Trump's 'fire and fury' North Korea remark surprised aides: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s vow to respond with “fire and fury” if North Korea persisted in threatening the United States caught his foreign policy and military aides by surprise, two administration officials with direct knowledge of how the issue unfolded said on Wednesday. “President Trump’s comment was unplanned and spontaneous,” said a senior administration official who deals with the Korea issue and who requested anonymity. The comment was “all Trump,” said another administration official who, like the first, requested anonymity. Both officials said Trump, known for his off-the-cuff remarks, had not run that language by his senior aides beforehand. At an event on Tuesday on the topic of Americans over-using opioids, Trump said: “North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.” U.S. officials and analysts cautioned against engaging in rhetorical shouting matches with Pyongyang, which in turn said it was considering a strategy to fire missiles at the U.S.-held Pacific island of Guam, where there is a military air base. The White House pushed back on Wednesday, saying General John Kelly, Trump’s chief of staff and others on the National Security Council team were “well aware of the tone of the statement of the president prior to delivery.” “The words were his own. The tone and strength of the message were discussed beforehand,” spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in New Jersey, where Trump is at one of his golf courses on a working vacation. Sanders said that Kelly and others “were clear the president was going to respond to North Korea’s threats following the sanctions with a strong message in no uncertain terms.” After two intercontinental ballistic missile tests by Pyongyang last month, the U.N. Security Council imposed new sanctions against North Korea, that could slash its annual export revenue by a third. Pyongyang warned it was ready to teach the United States a “severe lesson.” The senior administration official who deals with the Korea issue told Reuters:  “There had not been any discussions about escalating the rhetoric in response to North Korean leader Kim (Jong Un)’s statements or about the possible effects of doing that,” said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. “Nevertheless, it is important for the North Koreans to understand that this country’s strategic patience is exhausted and that our resolve to defend our allies, whatever is required to do that, is not.” Privately two other U.S. officials, who also spoke on  condition of anonymity, said the president’s threat of “fire and fury” was not helpful and threatened to evoke an undesirable response from the North Korean leader. It also risked alienating U.S. allies Japan and South Korea, as well as adversaries China and Russia, all of whom Washington wants to help pressure Kim to abandon his pursuit of a robust nuclear arsenal capable of striking the continental United States. On Wednesday, Trump appeared to temper his comments by expressing hope that the U.S. nuclear arsenal would never need to be used. Senior administration officials found different ways to explain Trump’s “fire and fury” remark. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to play down the tough talk, saying Trump was just trying to send a strong message in language North Korea’s leader would understand because he “doesn’t seem to understand diplomatic language.” Speaking to reporters before landing in Guam on a previously planned trip on Wednesday, he said there was no imminent threat from North Korea and Americans should “sleep well at night.” By contrast, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis used some of his strongest language yet on North Korea, warning Pyongyang it must stop any action that would “lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people.” He said North Korea’s actions would continue to be “grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates”. The State Department said the White House, State Department and Department of Defense were all “speaking with one voice.” State Department Press Secretary Heather Nauert said Trump and Tillerson had spoken for an hour after the president made his “fire and fury” comment. “We are all singing from the same hymn book,” Nauert said. ",1
2254,Chicago touts new debt structure aimed at saving money,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Under a plan announced on Wednesday by the mayor’s office, Chicago would create a new entity to issue bonds backed by city’s share of Illinois sales tax collections in an effort to reduce its borrowing costs. Mayor Rahm Emanuel unveiled the plan at the city’s annual investors conference, saying it will be “much more financially viable” for Chicago. A chronic structural budget deficit and a huge unfunded pension liability that totaled $35.76 billion at the end of 2016 have pushed the city’s general obligation (GO) credit ratings from the low end of investment grade to junk levels. As a result, investors have demanded higher interest rates for the city’s debt. Illinois’ fiscal 2018 Illinois budget, which was enacted last month, included a provision allowing home-rule local governments like Chicago to assign their state revenue to an entity for the purpose of issuing debt. Carole Brown, Chicago’s chief financial officer, said the state sales tax dollars would flow first through the new entity to meet debt service and other requirements before any of the revenue is released to the city’s general fund. The state law also creates a statutory lien that would shield the bonds from a bankruptcy filing, which Illinois local governments are currently not allowed to pursue. “It’s one of the reasons that we expect the market will view (the new debt) favorably, why it will get higher ratings and why we think the cost differential with our (GO bonds) will be so great,” Brown said.  An ordinance creating the program will be introduced in the city council this fall, according to Brown. If passed, Chicago would initially refund some of its “more expensive” GO debt and outstanding sales tax revenue bonds, she said, noting that New York, Philadelphia and Washington have similarly structured debt programs. “From a credit standpoint, it’s a positive,” said Richard Ciccarone, who heads Merritt Research Services, which provides research and data related to municipal bonds. He added that from a public policy standpoint, the move could tie up revenue the city may need for operations.  In a report last month, Fitch Ratings said debt issued under this new structure could attain a rating higher than the city’s current GO rating. Chicago’s $9.8 billion of outstanding GO bonds are rated BBB-plus by Standard & Poor’s, BBB-minus by Fitch and Ba1 by Moody’s Investors Service. ",1
2255,"Judge delays NJ Senator Menendez's dismissal bid, trial set for September 6","(Reuters) - A judge has decided to delay ruling on whether federal corruption charges against Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey should be dismissed, clearing the way for the Democrat’s trial to begin as scheduled on Sept. 6. In an order dated Tuesday, U.S. District Judge William Walls in Newark, New Jersey said he would rule after prosecutors present their case to a jury. Menendez had argued last month that his bribery and fraud charges should be dismissed because they were not criminal, under a June 2016 U.S. Supreme Court decision overturning the corruption conviction of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell. That decision narrowed the definition of “official acts,” and said routine political activities such as arranging meetings and reaching out to public officials did not qualify. Walls wrote that whether Menendez’s alleged wrongful activities as “official acts” was a “factual determination” to be made after prosecutors presented their evidence at trial. “The allegations of the superseding indictment are not legally deficient to prevent their going to a jury,” he added. Lawyers for Menendez and his co-defendant, Florida ophthalmologist Salomon Melgen, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Prosecutors accused Menendez of accepting campaign donations and gifts, including a stay at a Caribbean villa and private jet flights, from Melgen in exchange for using his office to lobby for the doctor. Both defendants have pleaded not guilty. Menendez is expected to seek a third six-year term in 2018. Several politicians have sought to have their corruption cases thrown out since the McDonnell decision. Last month, a federal appeals court in New York cited the decision in overturning the corruption conviction of former New York state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver. Prosecutors plan to retry him. The case is U.S. v. Menendez et al, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 15-cr-00155.  ",1
2256,Bush-era FTC official is Trump favorite for chief: source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s leading choice to run the Federal Trade Commission is a Washington lawyer who served at the agency as a top official under President George W. Bush, a person briefed on the matter said on Wednesday. Joseph Simons, a partner at the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton and Garrison LLP, is the leading choice to run the FTC over Acting FTC chairman Maureen Ohlhausen, who has been running the agency since January. Bloomberg News reported the leading choice of Simons earlier on Wednesday. The timing of a formal presidential nomination is not clear. Simons was head of the FTC’s Bureau of Competition from June 2001 to August 2003 and has been involved in a number of major antitrust cases and acquisitions in private practice. Ohlhausen previously headed the FTC’s Office of Policy Planning. A veteran of the law firm Wilkinson Barker Knauer, LLP, Ohlhausen is expected to remain on the FTC as a commissioner, the source said. The FTC, which has five commission seats, now has only Ohlhausen and Commissioner Terrell McSweeny, a Democrat. Two of the empty seats may go to Republicans, but the remaining seat must go either to a Democrat or an independent. A leading candidate for another Republican slot is Noah Phillips, an aide to Senator John Cornyn, according to the person briefed on the matter. White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said Wednesday the administration has “no announcement at this time.” Simons did not immediately return requests for comment. An FTC spokeswoman had no comment. The FTC has two main missions. One is to fight scams and deceptive advertising and the other to review mergers to ensure they comply with antitrust law. The FTC is currently reviewing Amazon.com Inc’s (AMZN.O) proposed $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods Market Inc WFM.O. The FTC sued Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) in January over allegations of anticompetitive behavior to maintain a monopoly on the chips that let cell phones connect to mobile data networks. The FTC has sued to stop mergers deemed illegal, such as Staples’ attempt to buy rival Office Depot. It is in the process of deciding if Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA.O) will be allowed to merge with Rite Aid Corp (RAD.N) to create the largest U.S. drugstore chain. In June, fantasy sports companies FanDuel and DraftKings scrapped a plan to merge following an FTC legal challenge. ",1
2257,"Republican, Democratic senators seek answers in Wells auto scandal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of U.S. senators from both parties on Wednesday turned up the heat on Wells Fargo Inc. over its latest scandal, in which hundreds of thousands of car-loan borrowers were charged each month without their knowledge for collision insurance, which many of them did not need. The Republican chairs of the committee and the subcommittee that would head any congressional investigations into insurance sales, Senators John Thune and Jerry Moran, along with those panels’ senior Democrats, Senators Bill Nelson and Richard Blumenthal, wrote to Wells CEO Timothy Sloan with questions about the scandal as basic as how many customers were affected. They also requested copies of the bank’s internal report that first identified the problem. The group sent similar questions to Barry Karfunkel, CEO of National General Holdings Corporation, which provided the insurance. Last week Moran said he was seeking additional information from Wells about reports the bank charged 800,000 borrowers for insurance without their knowledge or consent, but did not give specifics. Many borrowers already had cheaper insurance with other companies. The letter asks Sloan when the bank, which paid $190 million in fines and penalties last year over creating phantom bank accounts, first learned about the insurance sales practices and also what steps it is taking to prevent a recurrence and to refund the erroneous charges to customers. The letters do not mention possible hearings or subpoenas, but the senators have the authority launch an investigation using both if they are not satisfied with responses to their letters. Wells and National have until Aug. 23 to answer the questions. The Wells letter shows senators are concerned with reports that thousands of borrowers fell into delinquency because they could not afford the premiums on top of their monthly payments and the possibility bank management pushed employees to sign customers up for insurance with incentives or special benefits.  Incentives are at the heart of last year’s scandal, where employees said they created accounts in customers’ names or pushed account holders to buy additional products they did not need in order to meet high sales targets. The senators are also seeking information about possible commissions paid or revenues shared between Wells and National. Wells spokeswoman Jennifer Dunn said the bank is committed to addressing the lawmakers’ concerns.  “Customer harm is not acceptable at Wells Fargo,” she said. “We are committed to fixing these mistakes and earning back trust.” ",1
2258,Texas bill restricting insurance coverage for abortions nears approval,"AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - A Texas bill that would restrict insurance coverage for abortions was approved by the state’s Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Wednesday, a move critics called cruel and damaging to women’s health. The House measure would ban insurance coverage for abortions and require women who wanted coverage to purchase a supplemental plan for an abortion, the latest effort by the most-populous Republican-controlled state to place restrictions on the procedure. If enacted, the bill would take effect on Dec. 1 and make Texas the 11th state to restrict abortion coverage in private insurance plans written in the state.  The Republican-dominated Senate has passed a similar bill, and Republican Governor Greg Abbott has shown support for the measures.  The bill’s backers say it would protect abortion opponents from subsidizing the procedure. A Democratic critic decried it as forcing people to buy “rape insurance.” “It’s a question of economic freedom and freedom in general,” Republican Representative John Smithee, the bill’s sponsor, said in House debate on Tuesday ahead of the bill receiving preliminary approval. The Republican sponsor of the Senate bill, Brandon Creighton, has told local media supplemental coverage would cost $12 to $80 a year House Bill 214, which passed mostly on a party-line vote, does not offer exceptions for cases of rape or incest. Abortion rights groups are likely fight the measure in court if enacted. “Women and parents will be faced with the horrific decision of having to purchase ‘rape insurance’ to cover them if they are victimized,” Democratic Representative Chris Turner said in a statement. “This is not only ridiculous, but it is cruel.”  Idaho, Kansas and Oklahoma are among the 10 other states that make abortion coverage a supplement on private plans. There are 25 states with restrictions on abortion coverage in plans set up by state exchanges as part of the Affordable Care Act under former Democratic President Barack Obama, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks such legislation.  “It is surprising that Texas has not done this before,” said Elizabeth Nash, senior state issues manager for Guttmacher. The insurance measure is one of several bills concerning abortion before Texas lawmakers in a special session that runs through next week. The Senate has already approved bills that include requiring physicians to improve notification of complications that occur during abortions and another that prohibits local governments from having contracts with abortion providers and their affiliates. ",1
2259,Transgender military personnel sue Trump over service ban,"(Reuters) - Five transgender members of the U.S. military including Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans sued President Donald Trump on Wednesday, challenging his ban on transgender people serving in the armed forces. Trump said on Twitter on July 26 that the U.S. government “will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity” in the military, a reversal of Pentagon policy that the lawsuit said was made without consulting senior military commanders. The surprise announcement, citing healthcare costs and unit disruption, appealed to some in Trump’s conservative political base but created uncertainty for thousands of transgender service members, many of whom came out after the Pentagon said in 2016 it would allow transgender people to serve openly.  Trump’s tweets appeared to dismiss findings from a RAND Corporation study commissioned by the Pentagon that found allowing transgender people to serve would “cost little and have no significant impact on unit readiness.” The White House and the Pentagon said they do not comment on pending litigation. The lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C. The service members suing the president are three U.S. Army soldiers, one U.S. Air Force airman and one member of the U.S. Coast Guard who are active duty. All have come out as transgender to their commanding officers but are anonymous in the lawsuit, named only as Jane Doe, for fear of retribution, said Jennifer Levi, a lawyer from GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders. The group filed the lawsuit along with the National Center for Lesbian Rights. The American Civil Liberties Union said it was preparing its own lawsuit. The lawsuit said Trump’s tweets violate the rights of the service members to due process and equal protection under the law. It asks the court to declare Trump’s directive as unconstitutional and to issue injunctions to stop it. The defendants are listed as Trump, Defense Secretary James Mattis and other military leaders including Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Dunford said in a memo a day after Trump’s tweets that there would be no change in policy until Mattis received an official order from the president. That order has yet to be issued. “In the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect,” Dunford said. Lawyer Levi said the plaintiffs, some of whom are near retirement, need not wait for an official policy because the tweets alone created uncertainty about their futures. ",1
2260,U.S. lawmakers seek missing information in review of Monsanto weedkiller,"LONDON, (Reuters) - The chairman of a congressional committee has asked the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) to explain why its National Cancer Institute (NCI) failed to publish data that showed no links between glyphosate and cancer. In a Tuesday letter seen by Reuters, U.S. Representative Trey Gowdy, who chairs the House Committee on Government and Oversight Reform (OGR), said he “is concerned about the new revelations” and is “seeking more information” about why the exculpatory results were not published by the NCI. Glyphosate is a key ingredient in Monsanto’s top-selling weedkiller Roundup. Gowdy’s letter to NIH Director Francis Collins follows a June report by Reuters which found that a senior scientist from the NCI knew that fresh data from a large research project known as the Agricultural Health Study (AHS) showed no links between glyphosate and cancer.  Draft scientific papers dating from 2013 containing the data were never published. Consequently, the information was not able to be taken into account during the March 2015 review of the pesticide by the World Health Organization’s International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). An NIH spokeswoman told Reuters the NIH had received Gowdy’s letter “and will be responding directly to the committee.” Aaron Blair, the senior scientist at the NCI who knew about the data and also chaired the IARC review, previously told Reuters the data was not published in time because there was too much to fit into one scientific paper. Blair is now retired from the NCI. An NCI spokeswoman told Reuters in June the institute was drafting a manuscript on this topic. It would “explore the effects of glyphosate exposure in greater depth”, she said, and would be submitted to a peer-reviewed journal “in the coming months.”     Gowdy’s letter asked for “a briefing on these issues as soon as possible”. It also asked for information and any documents relating to the unpublished AHS data on glyphosate.     No one at IARC, which is based in Lyon, France, was immediately available for comment late on Tuesday.     IARC concluded in 2015 that glyphosate, is a “probable human carcinogen.” It based its finding on “limited evidence” of carcinogenicity in humans and “sufficient evidence” in experimental animals.      The agency’s assessment is at odds with other international regulators who have said the weedkiller is not a carcinogenic risk to humans.      The OGR has been looking into U.S. taxpayer funding of IARC. It began investigating IARC’s operations in 2016 after several lawmakers raised questions about why U.S. taxpayers were funding an agency that often faces criticism for its work.  A letter by Jason Chaffetz, then chairman of the OGR, in September 2016, also addressed to the NIH director, described IARC as having “a record of controversy, retractions, and inconsistencies” and asked why the NIH continued to fund it.      In previous responses to questions about its assessments of glyphosate and many other substances, IARC has defended them as scientifically sound.  The agency says its “monographs” - the name it gives its classifications of carcinogens - are “widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and ... freedom from conflicts of interest”. ",1
2261,Senior U.S. envoy tries to calm fears over State Department re-design,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The No. 2 U.S. diplomat on Tuesday sought to allay concerns among the State Department’s rank-and-file employees over possible layoffs and perceptions of a lack of firm direction under the administration of President Donald Trump. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, formerly chief executive of Exxon Mobil and new to government, has initiated a top-to-bottom re-organization of the agency, saying it will improve diplomats’ experience and help the department better meet 21st-century challenges. “Re-design is not a synonym for layoffs,” Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan was quoted as saying by two officials who listened to his remarks to around 450 employees at a town hall-style event that was closed to journalists. Diplomats have fretted over a hiring freeze that has hampered their ability to switch jobs, the slow pace of appointments to senior positions, and a proposed 28 percent cut in State Department funding. Sullivan acknowledged in remarks to a small group of reporters after the event that the pace of senior job hires had been frustrating. Tillerson is not directing any specific outcome from the re-design, which is being led by senior career officials, other than a better-running and more efficient department, Sullivan said. According to the Partnership for Public Service, which tracks political appointments, the Trump administration has not yet put forward a nominee for 86 of 131 Senate-confirmed positions at the department, including posts leading diplomacy on the Middle East and East Asia, where there are several potential crises. “No one here would say that we’re pleased by the fact that we don’t have more of our undersecretary and assistant secretary slots filled, but we’re working hard to do that,” Sullivan told reporters. Sullivan said media portrayals of a listless bureaucracy and “a hollowed-out State Department that is not effective” were wrong. He said work was being done on major issues such as the North Korea nuclear and missile programs, a rift between Gulf nations and Qatar and Ukraine. State Department officials said the tone of the town hall event was professional, with pointed exchanges of views at times. One said that Sullivan’s public appreciation for career diplomats “has been desperately needed.” Sullivan’s uncle was William H. Sullivan, the last U.S. ambassador to Iran, who left in 1979 when Iran’s monarchy was overthrown and replaced with an Islamic theocracy. In response to a question from an employee about State Department efforts for gay and lesbian couples posted abroad, Sullivan told employees he would do everything he can to make sure everyone is treated fairly, a remark that drew strong applause, one of the officials said. ",1
2262,"Trump on Twitter (August 8): Opioid crisis, North Korea","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J. [0711 EDT] - After many years of failure, countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive! [0717 EDT] - E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane. [1400 EDT] - After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don’t believe the Fake News Suppression Polls! [1410 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2263,"Trump vows to 'win' against opioid epidemic, offers no new steps","BRIDGEWATER, N.J. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump promised to win the fight against a U.S. epidemic of opioid drug use, but offered no new steps to do so and did not act on a recommendation made by a presidential commission that he declare a national emergency. Trump spoke at an event he had billed as a “major briefing” on the opioid crisis during a two-week “working vacation” at his private golf club in New Jersey. He also used the appearance to unexpectedly issue a stern warning to North Korea over its threats to the United States. The Republican president said the United States has no alternative but to stem spreading opioid use, but more than six months into his presidency announced no new policies to combat a public health crisis that kills more than 100 Americans daily. “I’m confidant that by working with our healthcare and law enforcement experts we will fight this deadly epidemic and the United States will win,” Trump told reporters. “We’re also very, very tough on the southern border where much of this comes in, and we’re talking to China, where certain forms of man-made drug comes in, and it is bad.” U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said the administration was still working to devise “a comprehensive strategy” to be presented to Trump “in the near future.” A commission created by Trump to study opioid abuse urged him last week to declare a national emergency to address what it called an opioids crisis, framing its death toll in the context of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States. An emergency declaration could free up federal resources for the effort. “The resources that we need or the focus that we need to bring to bear to the opioid crisis at this point can be addressed without the declaration of an emergency, although all things are on the table for the president,” Price told a later news briefing. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, opioids were involved in more than 33,000 U.S. deaths in 2015, the latest year for which data is available, and estimates show the death rate has continued rising. The commission, headed by Republican New Jersey Governor  Chris Christie, recommended steps such as waiving a federal rule that restricts the number of people who can get residential addiction treatment under the Medicaid healthcare program for the poor and disabled. The commission cited government data showing that since 1999 U.S. opioid overdoses have quadrupled, adding that nearly two thirds of U.S. drug overdoses were linked to opioids such as heroin and the powerful painkillers Percocet, OxyContin and fentanyl. Speaking alongside Price, White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway said, “We are a nation that consumes legal and illegal drugs at a very high and alarming rate. The problem is very complicated, and currently we are on the losing side of this war.” Conway said the crisis cannot be solved overnight, and that “most of the great work is being done at the state and local levels.” Conway called it a “nonpartisan issue in search of bipartisan support and bipartisan solutions.” Even before Trump’s event, the Democratic National Committee slammed him, with spokesman Daniel Wessel saying in a statement: “Trump promised he’d come to the aid of communities ravaged by the opioid epidemic, but so far he’s done nothing for them.” Trump’s initial federal budget called for a 2 percent increase in drug treatment programs and would provide funds to increase border security to stop the flow of drugs into the country.  Substance abuse treatment activists have criticized his proposed cuts to federal prevention and research programs as well as his calls to shrink Medicaid, which covers drug treatment for hundreds of thousands of Americans.  Officials from New Hampshire criticized Trump last week after a leaked transcript of a January conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed Trump had called the New England state, hard-hit by the opioid epidemic, a “drug-infested den.” New Hampshire sued OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma LP on Tuesday, joining several state and local governments in accusing the drugmaker of engaging in deceptive marketing practices that helped fuel opioid addiction. The lawsuit followed similar ones against Purdue and other drugmakers by Oklahoma, Mississippi, Ohio and Missouri and several cities and counties in California, Illinois, Ohio, Oregon, Tennessee and New York. Price said Trump’s administration was taking no position on such suits. ",1
2264,Al Gore says 'ethical reasons' could end Trump presidency early,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore suggested on Tuesday that the presidency of Donald Trump could end prematurely for “ethical reasons,” drawing laughter from a packed movie theater at the European premiere of his latest film on climate change. “We’re only six months into the experiment with Trump. Some experiments are ended early for ethical reasons,” Gore said, acknowledging the “provocative” nature of his comment. Gore said he was convinced that U.S. cities, states and business executives would meet U.S. obligations under the 2015 Paris agreement to fight climate change, despite Trump’s decision in June to withdraw from the global pact. “We have a global agreement and the American people are part of this agreement in spite of Donald Trump,” he told hundreds of moviegoers at Berlin’s Zoo Palast cinema after a showing of his new film, “An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power.” “We can win this ... All we need is the political will,” he said, adding his hope that the United States would “soon once again” have a leader who was committed to halting global warming. The film argues that fighting climate change is a just, moral battle, on a par with social movements such as the civil rights movement in the United States or the fight for gay rights. Gore’s first documentary, “An Inconvenient Truth,” is credited with bringing climate change into mainstream political discourse in the United States a decade ago. Gore said he was confident the American and German people would remain united in their commitment to reversing the devastating effects of climate change already visible around the world on a daily basis. He said he was “heartsick” about Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris deal, but said it could trigger an even stronger commitment by other nations to reduce greenhouse gases as an act of defiance. He lauded Germany’s leadership in moving toward alternative energy sources, and said global moves to shift to solar and wind power would drive economic growth and create many new jobs. The U.S. State Department last week officially informed the United Nations that it would withdraw from the Paris deal, but left the door open to re-engaging if the terms improved for the United States. But, in a diplomatic cable, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told U.S. diplomats to sidestep questions from foreign governments on what it would take for the U.S. government to re-engage in the Paris climate deal, Reuters reported earlier on Tuesday. ",1
2265,'Clean' debt ceiling bill unlikely to pass House of Representatives : lawmaker,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives is unlikely to raise the country’s debt ceiling without conditions to rein in spending, a Republican lawmaker said on Tuesday, raising the specter of another potential clash even as Republicans control both Congress and the White House. The Trump administration has asked Congress to extend the federal borrowing capacity to meet U.S. payment obligations with a “clean” bill that does not include any other provisions.  Asked if the House would act to pass such a bill when lawmakers return to Washington next month, U.S. Representative Tom Cole said “probably not clean.” “Most Republicans want to do something to lower the trajectory of the debt,” Cole, a member of the House  Appropriations and Budget committees, told MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program.  Disagreements over the country’s borrowing capacity have prompted skirmishes for years. The latest tussle among Republicans follows a fight over healthcare legislation that left the party unable to make good on years of promises to  repeal and replace Obamacare, and has also raised concern among some investors.. The Treasury is expected to fully exhaust its remaining borrowing capacity in October. More fiscally conservative House Republicans see the debt ceiling issue as tied to deficit-reduction, and want to include spending cuts or the selling off of government assets — something Cole, a more establishment Republican, backed on Tuesday. Representative Mark Walker, who chairs the conservative Republican Study Committee, said in a Washington Examiner Op-Ed article that a debt ceiling agreement should also address any future crises and recommended two conservative measures to that end. Both measures would require the government to issue new bonds to pay principal and interest on debt held by the public and by two Social Security trusts. One would also allow the president to rescind budget authority over unobligated funds and to order the sale of government assets.  “Both these measures are steps in the right direction,” wrote Walker, whose group represents the House’s largest conservative caucus. Both the House and the Senate left for summer recess until early September despite requests from the White House to pass a debt limit bill before the congressional break this month.   Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell has said debate over the issue could stretch into September, when lawmakers must also pass separate legislation to fund day-to-day government activities before the fiscal year ends later that month. ",1
2266,South Carolina seeks $100 million from U.S. over plutonium removal,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - South Carolina is suing the U.S. government to recover $100 million in fines it says the Department of Energy owes the state for failing to remove one metric ton of plutonium stored there, state Attorney General Alan Wilson said on Tuesday. The lawsuit, filed on Monday, is the state’s largest case ever against the U.S. government, Wilson said in a news release. Congress approved fines of $1 million per day for the first 100 days of each year through 2021, beginning last year, if the weapons-grade plutonium was not removed from the Savannah River Site at the state’s border with Georgia, the attorney general’s office said.  The lawsuit seeks money owed this year. The state is still working on a claim for 2016 fines as well, Wilson said. The federal government cannot break its obligations and “leave South Carolina as the permanent dumping ground for weapons-grade plutonium,” Wilson, a Republican, said in the complaint. A Department of Energy spokeswoman said the agency does not comment on pending litigation. Built in the 1950s, the U.S.-owned Savannah River Site processes and stores nuclear materials in support of national defense and U.S. nuclear nonproliferation efforts. A U.S. treaty with Russia in 2000 required each country to dispose of 34 metric tons of weapons-grade plutonium, left over from the Cold War. The United States began building a mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility, known as the MOX project, at the Savannah River Site to dispose of weapons-grade plutonium by mixing it with uranium to form safer fuel pellets for use in commercial nuclear reactors. But the project is years overdue and billions over budget, and the technology for the new fuel fabrication is not fully developed. Russian President Vladimir Putin last October pulled out of the plutonium pact amid rising tensions over Ukraine and Syria.  The Trump administration proposed in the fiscal year 2018 budget to scrap the project and pursue diluting the plutonium and disposing it underground, an alternative called for by the Obama administration. ",1
2267,Exclusive: U.S. envoys told to be coy on re-engaging in Paris climate deal - cable,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. diplomats should sidestep questions from foreign governments on what it would take for the Trump administration to re-engage in the global Paris climate agreement, according to a diplomatic cable seen by Reuters. The cable, sent by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to embassies on Friday, also said diplomats should make clear the United States wants to help other countries use fossil fuels. In the wake of President Donald Trump’s announcement in June that the United States would withdraw from the accord, the cable tells diplomats to expect foreign government representatives to ask questions like: “Does the United States have a climate change policy?” and “Is the administration advocating the use of fossil fuels over renewable energy?” If asked, for example, “What is the process for consideration of re-engagement in the Paris Agreement?”, the answer should be vague: “We are considering a number of factors. I do not have any information to share on the nature or timing of the process,” the cable advises.  A U.S. State Department official declined to comment on the cable. (Click here for a link to the cable: here ) Trump, a Republican, had campaigned on a promise to “cancel” the Paris deal, saying he believed it would cost the U.S. economy trillions of dollars while leaving developing nations such as China unfettered. In a sharp difference with the previous administration of President Barack Obama, a Democrat, Trump has several times called climate change a hoax. In June, Trump left the door open to re-engagement if terms improved. The United States will “start to negotiate, and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair,” he said. The State Department guidance clarifies that right now, “there are no plans to seek to re-negotiate or amend the text of the Paris Agreement.” But it adds: “The President is sincere in his commitment to look for a path to re-engage that takes into account his concerns for U.S. economic growth and energy security.”    The Paris accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries in 2015, seeks to limit planetary warming by curbing global emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases that scientists believe drive global warming. The United States, under the Obama administration, had promised to cut emissions as much as 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.  Separate from the diplomatic cable, the Trump administration is reviewing a draft report written by scientists across 13 federal government agencies that shows the effects of climate change pose dire, near-term threats to the United States. The Environmental Protection Agency declined to comment on the draft, which The New York Times published on Monday. The report puts the White House in the awkward position of either clearing the report’s findings or editing them.  The diplomatic guidance makes clear that the United States intends to attend global climate summits during the prolonged process of withdrawing from the Paris deal to protect U.S. interests. The next summit is in November.  A U.S. official said a major priority in these talks would be to beat back attempts to have separate standards in the guidance on emissions cuts for rich and poor nations - long a sticking point in negotiations. “There’s certainly nothing in the policies of this administration that would make us think that we should be acting differently,” the official said on condition of anonymity to discuss the internal memo.  The cable also anticipates questions over why the United States has changed its policy to make it easier for global development banks such as the World Bank to finance coal-fired power projects. In 2013 the Obama administration said the United States would oppose most coal projects, guidance since altered by the Trump administration.  “The new principles will allow the (United States) the flexibility to approve, as appropriate, a broad range of power projects, including the generation of power using clean and efficient fossil fuels and renewable energy,” the cable said. ",1
2268,"Trump administration switches sides, backs Ohio over voter purges","(Reuters) - The Trump administration has reversed an Obama administration stance and will support Ohio in its bid at the U.S. Supreme Court to revive a state policy of purging people from voter-registration lists if they do not regularly cast ballots. The Justice Department filed legal papers with the high court on Monday staking out the new position in the voting rights case, backing the Republican-led state’s policy to purge inactive voters. Former President Barack Obama’s Justice Department had argued in a lower court that Ohio’s policy violated the 1993 National Voter Registration Act, which Congress passed to make it easier for Americans to register to vote.  Civil liberties advocates who challenged Ohio’s policy have said it illegally erased thousands of voters from registration rolls and can disproportionately impact minorities and poor people who tend to back Democratic candidates. The state on Tuesday welcomed the administration’s action but voting rights advocates opposed it. The League of Women Voters accused the administration of “playing politics with our democracy and threatening the fundamental right to vote” by siding with an Ohio policy it said disenfranchises eligible voters. “Our democracy is stronger when more people have access to the ballot box - not fewer,” the Democratic National Committee added.  The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati last year blocked Ohio’s policy, ruling that it ran afoul of the 1993 law. The state appealed to the Supreme Court, which agreed in May to hear the case.  The legal brief filed by the Justice Department said President Donald Trump’s administration had reconsidered the government’s stance and now supports Ohio. The brief, signed by Acting U.S. Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall, argued that Ohio’s policy is sound because it does not immediately remove voters from the rolls for failing to vote, but only triggers an address-verification procedure.  The American Civil Liberties Union last year sued Ohio Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted over the policy. The suit said the policy led to the removal of tens of thousands of people from the voter rolls in 2015. Husted said in a statement he welcomed the federal government’s support, noting Ohio’s policy “has been in place for more than two decades and administered the same way by both Republican and Democrat secretaries of state.” Under Ohio’s policy, if registered voters miss voting for two years, they are sent registration confirmation notices. If they do not respond and do not vote over the following four years, they are removed from the rolls. Ohio officials argue that canceling inactive voters helps keep voting rolls current, clearing out those who have moved away or died. Democrats have accused Republicans of taking steps at the state level, including laws imposing new requirements on voters such as presenting certain types of government-issued identification, intended to suppress the vote of groups who generally favor Democratic candidates. ",1
2269,Few expect Trump's 15-percent corporate tax rate: Deloitte survey,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Only a small number of U.S. tax, finance and business professionals expect President Donald Trump’s 15-percent corporate tax rate to become reality as part of tax reform, according to a Deloitte Tax LLP survey released on Tuesday. The poll of more than 3,100 people offered a glimpse of private-sector expectations about tax reform that are less optimistic than public statements from Trump administration officials and lawmakers. Trump and his fellow Republicans are pushing to get the corporate income tax rate down from 35 percent to 15-20 percent, saying that doing so would drive U.S. economic growth and competitiveness in coming years. Just under half of the poll’s participants viewed a lower corporate rate as being the main economic driver of tax reform, but nearly 40 percent predicted the rate would end up at 25 percent, due to the political and budgetary challenges facing tax reform.  Thirty-one percent of those surveyed by the professional services firm during a July 18 Deloitte webcast expected a corporate tax rate of 20 percent. Only 5.3 percent believed Trump’s 15 percent rate would become law. Republicans have pledged to enact the most sweeping tax overhaul since the Reagan era before year-end. An ambitious White House timeline calls for legislation to be unveiled in September and voted on in the House of Representatives and Senate before the end of November. Still, about 74 percent of those surveyed were doubtful or not at all confident that a comprehensive tax reform bill would be enacted in 2017. Less than 19 percent were confident or somewhat confident that it would happen this year. More than 63 percent believed compromise to be the necessary ingredient for Congress to succeed at tax reform, a quality that has proved elusive for Republican lawmakers so far this year. Trump’s leadership, public support and a sense of economic crisis were seen as essential by less than 10 percent of participants respectively. In terms of growth, about 16 percent identified tax code simplification as the feature most likely to boost the economy.  International tax reform and accelerated expensing of manufacturing equipment each drew support in the single digits. ",1
2270,Trump administration's Africa policy in focus at AGOA trade talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With the Trump administration’s trade agenda focused on reining in China and renegotiating the North American Free Trade agreement, Africa has barely appeared on the radar screen.  That could change this week as President Donald Trump’s top trade negotiator and other senior U.S. officials head to the West African nation of Togo to review a Clinton-era free trade pact with sub-Saharan Africa, in the administration’s first high-level delegation to visit the region. Looming over the two-day ministerial is China’s growing role in African trade and influence, as Beijing finances massive infrastructure projects in the region, some through its new Asian Infrastructure and Investment Bank.  While U.S. exports to sub-Saharan Africa as a whole have doubled to $21.81 billion from $10.96 billion in 2000, according to U.S. Commerce Department data, they were dwarfed by China’s $102 billion in exports to the region in 2015. Also at issue is whether the Trump officials, led by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, will signal a desire to change the trade agreement before it expires in 2025. Trump has sought to bolster his “America First” campaign by withdrawing from the Trans Pacific Partnership, threatening to rip up NAFTA and seeking to renegotiate the U.S.-South Korea free trade deal. Launched in 2000, the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) has been barely mentioned by any Trump officials.   But no moves toward an early renewal or extension of AGOA are expected, said Constance Hamilton, deputy assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Africa.    Lighthizer will stress the importance to the administration of deepening its trade relationship with Africa, but will also caution that African countries should “engage in fair trade, eliminate barriers to U.S. exports and abide by the eligibility criteria of the AGOA program,” said Hamilton.   The U.S. trade deficit with the 38 AGOA countries shrank to about $7.9 billion last year from a peak of $64 billion in 2008,  as U.S. shale oil production increases have lessened the need for oil imports from major exporters Nigeria and Angola. Overshadowing the talks will be an “out-of-cycle” review of AGOA trade benefits to Rwanda, Uganda and Tanzania, which have  supported a phased ban on imports of second-hand clothing. U.S. groups say the move violates AGOA rules. “The fact that we accepted the petition under the Trump administration, I won’t say that means we’re any harder on any countries, it just says we respect the criteria,” said Hamilton, who emphasized that the issue was still under review by USTR. The administration has paid little attention to developing a U.S.-Africa policy, said Kim Elliot, a trade expert at the Washington-based Center for Global Development. “This administration has just shown almost zero interest in Africa,” said Elliot. “It has not been a big focus, there is no sign at all that it has engaged the president’s interest.” Scott Eisner, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s U.S.-Africa Business Center, said African countries should look at reforms to attract more foreign investment. AGOA, in its current form, will likely become irrelevant for a number of markets by 2025, he said. “Those governments that want to continue to count on the U.S. market need to be prepared to come to the table to have bi-lateral or regional trade talks - whether they are called a free trade agreement or something different,” Eisner said. Peter Barlerin, a senior State Department official, said African nations need to start thinking about what comes after AGOA. “We’re not going to see AGOA stretching out to infinity, so eventually we will move into some other kind of arrangement, and that could include bilateral or larger free trade agreements with parts of Africa,” he said. ",1
2271,U.S. Interior Department rescinds coal valuation rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of the Interior said on Monday it has rescinded an Obama-era rule that reformed how energy companies value sales of oil, gas and coal extracted from federal and tribal land to protect taxpayers because it caused “confusion and uncertainty” for energy companies. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said the department’s newly formed royalty policy committee would propose alternatives to the rule and “remain committed to collecting every dollar due.” “Repealing the valuation rule provides a clean slate to create workable valuation regulations,” Zinke said in a statement.  The valuation rule was proposed by former Interior Secretary Sally Jewell last year to close a loophole that enabled companies to dodge royalty payments when mining on taxpayer-owned public land. It required energy companies to pay royalties on sales to the first unaffiliated customer, known as an arm’s-length sale, as the fuel moves to market. A Reuters investigation found in 2012 that coal companies were using affiliated brokers to settle royalty payments on exports to Asia at much lower domestic prices. Zinke said the valuation rule had increased costs for coal, oil and gas companies, which hampered production on federal lands, “making us rely more and more on foreign imports of oil and gas.”  Industry stakeholders and trade associations filed three lawsuits challenging the Obama-era rule. Meanwhile, the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, a taxpayer watchdog group, found that taxpayers missed out on nearly $30 billion in revenues over three decades because of the loophole. The repeal of the valuation Rule was published in the Federal Register on Aug. 7 and will become effective on Sept. 6. ",1
2272,"Illinois governor stalls bond sales, seeks other options to pay bills","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner said on Monday he was holding off  issuance of up to $6 billion of bonds to help pay down the state’s more than $14 billion in overdue bills despite the state comptroller’s public plea for the debt sale.  The Republican governor called on Illinois Comptroller Susana Mendoza to tap more than $600 million in various state accounts first to pay bills. Authorization for the general obligation bonds and for using money parked in the accounts was included in the fiscal 2018 budget the Democratic-controlled legislature enacted in July over the governor’s vetoes. [nL1N1JX20R] Rauner also said the state cannot go to market with the debt until he works with state lawmakers to identify an appropriation or plan to pay off the new bonds.  “This bonding in and of itself is not the answer,” Rauner told reporters. In a video and statement on Monday, Mendoza said Illinois’ bill backlog is costing residents $2 million a day in late payment penalties that can reach as much as 12 percent a year. The bond authorization, which expires on Dec. 31, was aimed at having Rauner’s budget office sell the 12-year bonds at a lower interest rate.  The debt is covered under the Illinois GO Bond Act, which constitutes an irrevocable and continuing appropriation for principal and interest payments on all of the state’s outstanding bonds, according to budget legislation. Illinois’ unprecedented two-year budget impasse ballooned the unpaid bill total to a record $15.4 billion in June. As of Friday, the backlog stood at $14.35 billion.  Abdon Pallasch, a spokesman for the Democratic comptroller, said inter-fund transfers were already underway. “What we need right now is movement by the governor’s office and a solid timetable for refinancing the debt so that our office can establish a comprehensive cash management plan for the remainder of fiscal year 2018,” he said. On Monday, Illinois bonds due in 12 years were yielding  4.13 percent, according to Municipal Market Data, a unit of Thomson Reuters. Illinois has the lowest credit ratings and pays the highest borrowing costs among the 50 U.S. states. Since enacting its first budget in two years along with a $5 billion income tax hike, and subsequently evading junk bond ratings, the state’s so-called credit spread over MMD’s benchmark triple-A yield scale has narrowed. Mendoza’s office said the new borrowing will provide some relief to service providers and businesses that have been waiting months for payment.  “Over the past two years without a budget, they have had to exhaust their lines of credit, lay off employees and, in some cases, turn away Illinois citizens in need of services,” a  statement from the comptroller said.  ",1
2273,Chicago sues Trump administration over sanctuary city plan,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago on Monday sued to prevent the Trump administration from enforcing new policies that would withhold money from so-called sanctuary cities that deny U.S. immigration officials access to local jails. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court, said the federal policies force the nation’s third largest city to choose between its constitutional rights and funding for law enforcement. “These new conditions also fly in the face of longstanding City policy that promotes cooperation between local law enforcement and immigrant communities,” the lawsuit said. The policies also include a requirement that local law enforcement agencies give federal authorities 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations. Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel said on Sunday that the city would sue, escalating a pushback against an immigration crackdown launched by Republican President Donald Trump’s administration. “We are bringing this legal challenge because the rhetoric, the threats from this administration embodied in these new conditions imposed on unrelated public safety grants funds are breeding a culture and climate of fear,” Emanuel’s senior legal adviser, Corporation Counsel Ed Siskel, said on Monday.The conditions from the Justice Department apply to the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants, which provide money to hundreds of cities. Chicago is expected to receive $3.2 million this year for purchasing equipment. Siskel said the city will follow the initial complaint with a motion for a preliminary injunction to halt the government’s imposition of the new conditions.  The city will request a decision from the judge before the Sept. 5 deadline to apply for the Byrne grant, Siskel said. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Monday that Chicago officials have shown an “open hostility” to enforcing laws designed to reduce crime and protect law enforcement.  He added that more Chicagoans were murdered last year than residents of Los Angeles and New York combined, and that Chicago needed to reverse a “culture of lawlessness.” “This administration will not simply give away grant dollars to city governments that proudly violate the rule of law and protect criminal aliens at the expense of public safety,” Sessions said in a statement. The lawsuit is the first to challenge the Justice Department over the Byrne program but is not the first legal attack on the administration’s sanctuary city policies.  Emanuel said on Sunday that the lawsuit would prevent the administration from setting a precedent that could be used to target other funding. Sanctuary cities in general offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Dozens of local governments and cities, including New York and San Francisco, are part of the sanctuary movement. “Sanctuary city” is not an official designation. The lawsuit came nearly two weeks after Sessions said the Justice Department would bar cities from the Byrne program unless they allowed immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and give the 48 hours pre-release notice. Chicago and its high murder rate have been frequently criticized by Trump, and cracking down on illegal immigration was a theme of his 2016 presidential campaign. ",1
2274,Pence denies eyeing presidential bid amid distance with Trump over Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday denied that he is preparing for a presidential election run in 2020, saying the suggestion is “disgraceful and offensive.”  Pence was responding to a New York Times report that some Republicans were moving to form a “shadow campaign” as though President Donald Trump were not involved. It said multiple advisers to Pence “have already intimated to party donors that he would plan to run if Mr. Trump did not.” The report said Pence had not only kept a full political calendar but also had created his own independent power base, including a political fund-raising group called the “Great America Committee.” But Pence called the article “fake news” and said his entire team was focused on advancing Trump’s agenda and seeing him re-elected in 2020.  “The allegations in this article are categorically false and represent just the latest attempt by the media to divide this Administration,” Pence said in a statement. The Times stood by its coverage. “We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting and will let the story speak for itself,” New York Times spokeswoman Danielle Rhoades Ha said in an email. Pence has good relations with conservative political groups and some of the Republican Party’s big donors, including billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch.  He is also a Trump loyalist, and there is typically little distinction between his public statements and the policies of the president. But as investigations deepen into Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. election and possible ties to members of Trump’s campaign, Pence has put some distance between himself and the president on the best way to approach Moscow.  On a trip to Eastern Europe last week, Pence condemned Russia’s presence in the former Soviet republic of Georgia, with which Moscow fought a brief war in 2008. He also said ties with Russia would not improve until Moscow changed its stance on Ukraine and withdrew support for countries like Iran, Syria and North Korea. The U.S. Congress recently passed a bill imposing new sanctions on Russia with overwhelming bipartisan support, but Trump signed it into law last week with reluctance. “Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low,” Trump wrote on Twitter after signing the bill. “You can thank Congress.”  Trump has described probes into his campaign’s ties to Russia, including those under way in Congress and a Justice Department investigation headed by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, as a “witch hunt.” The president has also sent mixed messages on whether he agrees with U.S. intelligence agencies’ conclusions that Russia tried to intervene in the 2016 election to boost his chances of beating Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. White House senior counselor Kellyanne Conway on Sunday also dismissed the idea that Pence was looking at running for president in 2020.       “It is absolutely true that the vice president is getting ready for 2020 - for re-election as vice president,” Conway told ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday. “Vice President Pence is a very loyal, very dutiful, but also incredibly effective vice president, and active vice president,” said Conway, adding that she had worked for Pence for a decade as his pollster and senior adviser. ",1
2275,"Trump on Twitter (Aug 7): Fake News, Senator Richard Blumenthal","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept! [0638 EDT] - The Trump base is far bigger &  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio....... [0658 EDT] - ...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs..... [0704 EDT]  - ... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change! [0709 EDT] - Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger! [0718 EDT] - Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings. [0732 EDT] - Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist! [0747 EDT] - Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and.... [0752 EDT] - ...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion? [0801 EDT] - On #PurpleHeartDayI thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA [1403 EDT] - The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council’s 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea! [1615 EDT] - How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business? [1639 EDT] - I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there [1648 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2276,Anthem to pare back Obamacare offerings in Nevada and Georgia,"(Reuters) - U.S. health insurer Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) said on Monday it will no longer offer Obamacare plans in Nevada’s state exchange and will stop offering the plans in nearly half of Georgia’s counties next year. The moves come after Republican senators last month failed to repeal and replace Obamacare, former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform law, creating uncertainty over how the program providing health benefits to 20 million Americans will be funded and managed in 2018. Hundreds of U.S. counties are at risk of losing access to private health coverage in 2018 as insurers consider pulling out of those markets in the coming months. Nevada had said in June that residents in 14 counties out of 17 in the state would not have access to qualified health plans on the state exchanges. Anthem’s decision to leave the state entirely does not increase the number of “bare counties” in the state, Nevada Insurance Commissioner Barbara Richardson said in a statement. The insurer will still offer “catastrophic plans,” which can be purchased outside the state’s exchange and are only available to consumers under 30 years old or with a low income. Anthem also said it will only offer Obamacare plans in 85 of Georgia’s 159 counties. It said the counties it will continue to offer the plans in are mostly rural counties that would otherwise not have health insurance coverage for their residents.  It said these changes do not impact Anthem’s Medicare Advantage, Medicaid or employer-based plans in either state.   The company said last week that it will pull out of 16 of 19 pricing regions in California in 2018 where it offered Obamacare options this year.  Anthem blamed the moves in part on uncertainty over whether the Trump administration would maintain subsidies that keep costs down.  U.S. President Donald Trump last week threatened to cut off subsidy payments that make the plans affordable for lower-income Americans and help insurers to keep premiums down, after efforts to repeal the law signed by his predecessor, President Barack Obama, failed in Congress.  Trump has repeatedly urged Republican lawmakers to keep working to undo Obama’s Affordable Care Act. ",1
2277,"Tillerson says U.S., Russia can settle problems, ease tension","MANILA (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Monday he believes Washington and Russia can find a way to ease tensions, saying it wouldn’t be useful to cut ties over the single issue of suspected Russian meddling in the U.S. election. Tillerson said Russia had also expressed some willingness to resume talks about the crisis in Ukraine, where a 2015 ceasefire between Kiev’s forces and Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country is regularly violated. “We should find places we can work together... In places we have differences we’re going to have to continue to find ways to address those,” Tillerson told reporters. Tillerson met his Russian counterpart, Sergei Lavrov, on the sidelines of an international gathering in Manila on Sunday, where he also asked about Moscow’s retaliation against new U.S. sanctions. Tillerson said he told Lavrov the United States would respond to the Kremlin’s order for it to cut about 60 percent of its diplomatic staff in Russia by September 1. “We have not made a decision on how we will respond to Russia’s request to remove U.S. diplomatic personnel. I asked several clarifying questions...I told him we would respond by September first,” Tillerson said. The meeting was their first since President Donald Trump reluctantly signed into law the sanctions that Russia said amounted to a full-scale trade war and ended hopes for better ties. Lavrov on Sunday said he believed his U.S. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue with Moscow on complex issues despite tensions. Tillerson said he discussed Russia’s suspected meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election with Lavrov to “help them understand how serious this incident had been and how seriously it damaged the relationship” between the two nations. But Tillerson said that should not irreversibly damage ties. “The fact that we want to work with them on areas that are of serious national security interest to us, and at the same time having this extraordinary issue of mistrust that divides us, that is just what we in the diplomatic part of our relationship are required to do,” Tillerson said. The United States sent its special representative on Ukraine, Kurt Volker, a former U.S. envoy to NATO, to Ukraine last month to assess the situation in the former Soviet republic. Washington cites the conflict as a key obstacle to improved relations between Russia and the United States. “We appointed a special envoy to engage with Russia but also coordinating with all parties. This is full visibility to all parties. We are not trying to cut some kind of deal on the side,” Tillerson said.  ",1
2278,Sanctions have a silver lining for Russian cheese producers,"ISTRA, Russia (Reuters) - Russia’s ban on imported foodstuffs from the West may have caused a headache for European farmers, but it has played right into the hands of Russian cheese producers gladly filling the lucrative niche. At a cheese fair held some 65 km (41 miles) outside Moscow last weekend, Russian versions of cheddar and feta vied for a spot on counters filled with Russian-made interpretations of brie, camembert and mature blue cheeses. “An industry is being born right in front of our eyes. Many (farmers) started making cheese in saucepans three years ago, just like us,” Oleg Sirota, an IT specialist turned cheese maker, and a one of the organizers of the fair, told Reuters Television. “We made our first cheese in a saucepan. Then we bought equipment produced in Russia. And now we are expecting new big vats made in Russia. “We are very proud that we not only make cheese, but we make it using Russian equipment and machinery,” Sirota added. Three years ago Russia’s government banned some Western foodstuffs, including most dairy products, in response to Western sanctions imposed on Moscow for its role in the Ukraine crisis.  The cheese festival, in a nod of gratitude to the positive impact of the Russian food embargo, was entitled “Three years of sanctions!” Some food connoisseurs say the Russian cheeses are a poor substitute for their European equivalents, but people at the fair seemed impressed. “All the types of cheese are delicious, they are very similar to the French ones, the Italian ones,” said Anna, a visitor to the fair. “So there are a lot of equivalents which are no worse than the ones I tasted abroad.” The Russian food embargo comes at a price, however. Official statistics show that food prices have increased 1.5 times in the last three years after Russia banned imports of many European foodstuffs.   ",1
2279,"Fired by Trump, former Attorney Bharara launches podcast","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Preet Bharara, the former U.S. Attorney in Manhattan who became a scourge of Wall Street wrongdoers before President Donald Trump fired him in March, will soon have a new outlet to voice his criticism of the White House: a podcast. The 48-year-old is launching the weekly show “Stay Tuned With Preet,” in partnership with WNYC Studios, a subsidiary of New York Public Radio. The podcast will be produced by Some Spider Studios, a media company owned by Bharara’s brother, Vinit, where Preet Bharara became an executive vice president earlier this year. The podcast’s title is a nod to one of Bharara’s favorite responses when he was asked at news conferences about ongoing investigations. Bharara “will offer commentary on our judicial, political and cultural systems,” according to a release from Cafe, Some Spider’s news and entertainment website. The former prosecutor has already been doing plenty of that on Twitter since he was unexpectedly fired. Trump had originally asked Bharara to stay on as the country’s most prominent U.S. attorney following Trump’s election win last year. “I understand @realDonaldTrump may have called the White House a ‘dump,’” Bharara wrote a few days ago on the social media site, following news reports that Trump had disparaged the presidential residence. “That’s not in the top 500 things to be outraged about. Seriously.” In more than seven years as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Bharara became known for prosecuting high-profile cases involving Wall Street insider trading, public corruption and terrorism. After his firing, Bharara told ABC News in an interview that Trump had made “unusual” phone calls to him that left him uncomfortable, given the traditional separation between the White House and the Department of Justice. [nL1N1J809U] In addition to working at his brother’s company, Bharara signed a book deal in June with Alfred A. Knopf and has taken a position as distinguished scholar in residence at New York University’s law school. [nL1N1JJ1JR] Bharara has long said he is not interested in seeking public office, though speculation about his political ambitions was widespread even before he was fired. ",1
2280,Moscow to cut dependence on U.S. payment systems: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will speed up work on reducing dependency on U.S. payment systems and the dollar as a settling currency, RIA news agency cited Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Monday. It is a response to the new sanctions against Russia reluctantly signed into law last week by U.S. President Donald Trump. The sanctions targeted Russia’s energy sector, with new limits on U.S. investment in Russian companies. “We will of course intensify work related to import substitution, reduction of dependence on U.S. payment systems, on the dollar as a settling currency and so on. It is becoming a vital need,” Ryabkov was quoted as saying. “(Otherwise) we will always sit on their hook, exactly what they need,” he said, referring to the United States. Russia has already introduced a new national payment system to cut reliance on Western systems, such as Visa and MasterCard. Those operators stopped providing services to clients of one Russian bank after Washington imposed sanctions over Moscow’s role in the Ukraine crisis, including its annexation of Crimea from Kiev and support of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. The Russian payment system is called Mir, which translates as “World” or “Peace”. “Your card is free from external factors. Created in Russia,” runs an advertisement for Mir cards. To date, more than 13.9 million Mir cards have been issued in Russia, according to the Russian National System of Payment Cards (NSPK), or about 10 percent of the country’s population.  NSPK was established in 2014 and is 100 percent owned by the central bank.  More than 380 banks working in Russia accept these cards which are issued by 120 banks. Practically all trade and service points, including cafes, shops, restaurants and petrol stations accept payments with Mir cards. Furthermore, Mir cards are welcome in sanctions-hit Crimea where Western banks are prohibited to operate.    ",1
2281,"In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Since taking office, U.S. President Donald Trump has shown an affinity, and perhaps even a deference, to the generals he has surrounded himself with in his Cabinet and at the White House, save one exception: the war in Afghanistan. More than a dozen interviews with current and former U.S. officials familiar with the discussions reveal a president deeply frustrated with the lack of options to win the 16-year-old war, described internally as “an eroding stalemate.”  The debate carries echoes of the same dilemma Barack Obama faced in 2009. Then, as now, odds are that Trump will ultimately send more troops, current and former officials say. “It’s the least worst option,” one former U.S. official familiar with the discussions said, speaking on condition of anonymity, while acknowledging that with Trump, a pullout cannot be completely ruled out. Trump’s defense secretary, retired Marine Corps General Jim Mattis, has had the authority for nearly two months to add thousands more troops to the roughly 8,400 there now (down from a peak of more than 100,000 in 2011). Army General John Nicholson, commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, requested the troops back in February. But officials say Mattis won’t use his authority until he has buy-in from Trump for a strategic vision for America’s longest war. Beyond more troops for Afghanistan, the strategy would aim to address militant safe havens across the border in Pakistan. That too has become a divisive issue, with several members of Trump’s inner circle split on how hard to press Islamabad. Sources say that the discussions - which included a high-level White House meeting on Thursday - could drag out for the rest of the summer, blowing past a mid-July deadline to present a war strategy to an increasingly impatient Congress. After Thursday’s meeting, chaired by Vice President Mike Pence, people familiar with the deliberations told Reuters that a final decision did not appear imminent. Pentagon officials have declined to comment on internal deliberations. The White House has also declined to comment ahead of a decision on the strategy. While U.S.-backed fighters are rolling back Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, the same cannot be said of the fight against the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan. U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the conditions in Afghanistan will almost certainly deteriorate through next year, even with a modest increase in military assistance from America and its allies. During a July 19 meeting in the White House Situation Room, Trump said Mattis and Marine General Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, might want to consider firing Nicholson, who was picked by Obama in 2016 to lead the war effort and has earned the respect of Afghan leaders.  “We aren’t winning,” Trump told them, according to accounts of the conversation. But current and former officials say the frustration had been mounting for months.  At least as far back as February, one former U.S. official said the internal deliberations about Afghanistan were not aimed  at creating a broad set of options for Trump. Shortly before McMaster was due to present his plan to Trump for approval ahead of the May NATO summit, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson declined to endorse it, saying Trump was not being presented with options, the former official and another current official said. “The lack of options meant that the only recommendation that was originally to be put forward to the president was essentially the status quo,” the former official said, discounting the troop increase as any serious shift in strategy. But in the months since, the possibility of a full pull-out has been repeatedly presented and refined along with a true “status-quo” option in which no new troops are sent to Afghanistan, but none are pulled out either. Still, U.S. defense leaders are not believed to be favoring those options. David Sedney, a former Pentagon policy advisor under the Obama administration, said failure to prioritize Afghanistan could replicate the mistakes by previous U.S. presidents.  “We’ve been ambivalent about Afghanistan for the last 17 years and when you have an ambivalent policy, it fails,” said Sedney, now at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think-tank in Washington. McMaster, Mattis, Tillerson, Dunford, Nicholson and some U.S. intelligence officials argue that refusing to commit more U.S. forces to train, equip and in some cases support the Afghan security forces would eventually result in the Taliban retaking most of the country from the U.S.-backed government in Kabul. Trump’s concerns about Afghanistan are shared by some senior officials close to the president, including chief strategist Steve Bannon, who, officials say, is skeptical about the need for an increase in troops in Afghanistan. Divisions have also emerged within Trump’s administration on how much to pressure Pakistan, and how quickly, in order to address militant safe havens blamed for helping prolong Afghanistan’s war. Nicholson, McMaster and Lisa Curtis, senior director for South and Central Asia at the National Security Council, favor taking a strong hand with Pakistan to deal with Taliban militants using that country as a base from which to plot attacks in Afghanistan, current and former officials say. On the other side are State Department officials and others at the Pentagon, including Dunford, who take a broader view of Pakistan’s strategic importance and are less convinced that harsh actions will secure more cooperation from Islamabad, they said. Pakistan fiercely denies allowing any militant safe havens on its territory.  The Trump administration is exploring a new approach toward Pakistan, Reuters has reported. Potential responses under discussion include expanding U.S. drone strikes, redirecting aid to Pakistan and perhaps eventually downgrading Pakistan’s status as a major non-NATO ally. ",1
2282,Chicago to sue Trump administration over sanctuary city funding threat,"CHICAGO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chicago will sue the Trump administration on Monday over threats to withhold public safety grant money from so-called sanctuary cities, escalating a pushback against a federal immigration crackdown, Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced on Sunday. The federal lawsuit comes less than two weeks after Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the U.S. Justice Department would bar cities from a certain grant program unless they allow immigration authorities unlimited access to local jails and provide 48 hours’ notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations. “Chicago will not let our police officers become political pawns in a debate,” Emanuel, a Democrat, said at a news conference. “Chicago will not let our residents have their fundamental rights isolated and violated. And Chicago will never relinquish our status as a welcoming city.” Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants provide money to hundreds of cities, and the Trump administration has requested $380 million in funding next year. Chicago, a regular target of Republican President Donald Trump because of its murder rate, expected to receive $3.2 million this year for purchasing equipment. Emanuel said the lawsuit would prevent the Trump administration from setting a precedent that could be used to target other funding. Under Trump and Sessions, the federal government has sought to crack down on sanctuary cities, which generally offer illegal immigrants safe harbor by declining to use municipal resources to enforce federal immigration laws. Dozens of local governments and cities, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, have joined the growing sanctuary movement. The Justice Department said more Chicagoans were murdered last year than residents of Los Angeles and New York combined, and cited comments by Sessions last week saying sanctuary cities “make all of us less safe.” Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said in a Sunday statement: “It’s especially tragic that the mayor is less concerned with that staggering figure than he is spending time and taxpayer money protecting criminal aliens and putting Chicago’s law enforcement at greater risk.”  Police and city officials in sanctuary cities have said deporting illegal immigrants who are not accused of serious crimes harms public safety by discouraging immigrants from coming forward to report crimes. Chicago’s lawsuit is the first to challenge the department over the Byrne program, though city officials said they are in contact with other cities. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra is also considering a similar lawsuit, the Sacramento Bee has reported. The Trump administration has already faced legal battles over its sanctuary city policies. Last month, a U.S. judge refused to revisit a court order that blocked Trump’s January executive order denying broader federal funds to such jurisdictions, in a case filed by San Francisco and the California county of Santa Clara. ",1
2283,Van Niekerk forced to work his way to tantalizing 400m final,"LONDON (Reuters) - Wayde van Niekerk duly qualified for the World Championship 400 meters final on Sunday but the defending champion and world record holder looks to have a real battle on his hands after some searing semi-final performances. The South African was desperately trying to conserve energy as he bids for a 200/400m double but was forced to go deeper than he would have liked by Botswana’s Baboloki Thebe in the second of three semi-finals, eventually clocking 44.22 seconds. By that stage two 21-year-olds had fired out a warning with massive personal bests. Steven Gardiner improved his own Bahamas national record and went under 44 seconds for the first time, clocking a 43.89 which he might pay for in the final on Tuesday. Nathon Allen also set a Jamaican record, taking almost half a second off his best with 44.19. Botswana’s Isaac Makwala looked very comfortable in winning his heat in 44.22 seconds. Van Niekerk was originally drawn in the opening heat but organizers changed the lineup, which pleased the South African. “Whoever changed it, thank you, I wasn’t ready for 43 seconds,” he said. “It seems like every time we go on the track someone breaks 44 seconds. It is good competition but it just means I always have to be on my game. “I’m just trying to get through the rounds as conservatively as I can.”  American’s big hope Fred Kerley scraped into the final as a fast loser but former Olympic and world champion LaShawn Merritt, another man to serve a doping ban though unlike compatriot Justin Gatlin loudly cheered by the London crowd,  failed to make it. ",1
2284,"Russia's Lavrov meets Tillerson, says feels U.S. ready to continue dialogue","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday he believed his U.S. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue with Moscow on complex issues despite bilateral tensions. Lavrov, who met U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the sidelines of an international gathering in Manila, said the first thing that Tillerson asked about was Russia’s retaliation to new U.S. sanctions against Moscow. “He was primarily interested ... in details of those decisions that we grudgingly made in response to the law on anti-Russian sanctions,” Lavrov said. The meeting was their first since President Donald Trump reluctantly signed into law the sanctions that Russia said amounted to a full-scale trade war and ended hopes for better ties. “We provided an explanation,” Lavrov said, referring to Russia’s decision to take over a summer-house compound in Moscow leased by the U.S. embassy and an order to slash U.S. diplomatic presence in Russia. Lavrov said he also cited President Vladimir Putin who, in an interview to Russian TV last week, explained Moscow’s need to retaliate to the U.S. sanctions over its role in the Ukrainian crisis and recently expanded to punish Russia for meddling in the U.S. presidential election. Lavrov described his talks with Tillerson as lengthy and said they covered a wide range of topics, from the nuclear issue on the Korean peninsula to coordination plans between Russia and the United States to withstand attacks. “We felt the readiness of our U.S. colleagues to continue dialogue. I think there’s no alternative to that,” Lavrov said. The two sides agreed that Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov and Under Secretary Thomas A. Shannon would continue discussing complex issues on the bilateral agenda. Speaking on Rossiya24 state TV, Lavrov also said Tillerson told him the United States’ special representative on Ukraine, Kurt Volker, a former U.S. envoy to NATO, would meet a senior aide to Putin, Vladimir Surkov, “in the nearest future”.  “We would be interested to see what impression the U.S. special envoy has on the current state of affairs,” Lavrov said. Washington sent Volker to Ukraine last month to assess the situation in the ex-Soviet republic, where a 2015 ceasefire between Kiev’s forces and Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country is regularly violated. Washington cites the conflict as a key obstacle to improved relations between Russia and the United States. ",1
2285,U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - One of the top officials at the U.S. Justice Department said Sunday that the agency’s heightened focus on policing leaks of classified information is not intended to put journalists in legal jeopardy. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein emphasized that the department’s renewed effort to prosecute leaks of classified information is not aimed at the news media. “We’re after the leakers, not the journalists,” he said on “Fox News Sunday.” “We don’t prosecute journalists for doing their jobs.” But Rosenstein would not rule out potentially charging journalists in the future altogether, saying reporters could face charges if they deliberately violated the law. “Generally speaking, reporters who publish information are not committing a crime, but there might be a circumstance in which they do,” he said. “I wouldn’t rule it out if there were a case where the reporter was purposefully violating the law.” On Friday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that his department was tripling the number of investigations into leaks of classified information. President Donald Trump has been fiercely critical of the high number of leaks coming from the federal government since he took office. Rosenstein said the Justice Department has experienced a “surge” of referrals pertaining to leaks of government information. He also said that the department would pursue charges against “anybody who breaks the law” leaking information, including members of Congress and top White House officials. ",1
2286,Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday he believed his U.S. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue  with Moscow on complex issues despite bilateral tensions and the imposition of fresh U.S. sanctions against Russia. “We felt the readiness of our U.S. colleagues to continue dialogue. I think there’s no alternative to that,” Lavrov said after what he said was a lengthy meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on the sidelines of an international gathering in Manila. ",1
2287,"After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has the unenviable task of exploring U.S.-Russian cooperation following Washington’s latest sanctions on Russia and Moscow’s expulsion of U.S. diplomats. Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov meet this weekend at a regional forum in Manila, their first face-to-face talks since President Donald Trump reluctantly signed into law sanctions that Russia said amounted to a full-scale trade war and ended hopes for better ties. The sanctions, which passed both houses of Congress by overwhelming majorities despite Trump’s objections, in part target the Russian energy sector, with new limits on U.S. investment in Russian companies. In retaliation, Moscow has ordered Washington to cut 755 of its 1,200 embassy and consulate staff in Russia and is seizing two U.S. diplomatic properties there. Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Tillerson held out hope for better ties. “There’s been no belligerence,” he said of his dealings with Lavrov. “I think he is as committed as I am to trying to find ways that can bring this relationship back.” Analysts and former U.S. officials were skeptical that much progress is likely any time soon on areas such as reducing the violence in Syria’s civil war or calming the conflict in eastern Ukraine, let alone reversing Russia’s annexation of Crimea. “The backdrop for that is obviously horrible given the Russian anger over the sanctions bill and the continued day-to-day revelations in the Russia probe,” said Carnegie Endowment analyst Andrew Weiss, referring to investigations into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Russia has denied seeking to sway the U.S. election and Trump has denied any collusion. “The Russians are probably in no mood to even allow us to show progress because if they (did) they would be saying you can go ahead and sanction us without consequences,” said a former U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity. “There is an incentive for them to have a lousy meeting.” Tillerson and Lavrov are likely to discuss the “de-escalation zone” the nations agreed to establish in southwestern Syria. Russia and Iran are the main outside backers of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad while Washington supports some of the rebel groups seeking to topple him in a six-year civil war. A second former senior U.S. official said he thought the best the two might achieve would be to prevent further deterioration. “Do no harm is the other side of the coin,” said the former official who spoke on condition of anonymity, saying he would expect the two men to review those areas such as the arctic, space and arms control where U.S.-Russian cooperation continues. One of the few areas where Washington and Moscow could make progress is on nuclear and conventional arms control, something they have achieved throughout their long history of tensions. Tillerson and Lavrov agreed in principle in April to resume so-called strategic stability talks on disputes ranging from nuclear arms and missile defense to conventional military deployments in Europe. The last formal talks were held in 2012. Last month, the sides agreed to “exchange scheduling proposals in the near future” for that dialogue and for talks on extending New START, a 2010 accord that requires them to cut deployed strategic nuclear forces to 1,550 warheads and 700 delivery systems by Feb. 5 2018. It expires in 2021, but can be extended by five years if the U.S. and Russian presidents agree. ",1
2288,"Zach Johnson, Pieters share lead at Firestone","(Reuters) - Late birdies from Thomas Pieters and Zach Johnson gave the duo a share of the lead after the third round of the World Golf Championship-Bridgestone Invitational on Saturday. Pieters, looking to become the first Belgian winner on the PGA Tour, birdied the 18th hole for a four-under-par 66 that moved him to nine-under-par 201 at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio. His late birdie moved him level with twice major winner Johnson, who moments earlier had also birdied the last for a five-under-par 65 that briefly gave him the outright lead. The pair are one shot clear of Australian Scott Hend (63), with Japan’s Hideki Matsuyama (67) two shots back, and Rory McIlroy (68) tied with two others another shot further adrift. “If I would have walked off today with a 65 or a 66, I would have felt that was a fair reflection of how I played,” said McIlroy.  “But only three behind going into tomorrow, I can get off to a fast start and try and put a bit of pressure on the guys up ahead of me.” Overnight leader Jimmy Walker fell back after mixing two double-bogeys with two bogeys and two birdies for a four-over 74 that left him six back in a share of 10th with Bubba Watson (66), Jason Day (70) and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka (67). Day was frustrated after following a birdie at the par-five 16th with two bogeys that left him with much more work to do in the final round. “I’m pretty angry right now, to be honest,” said Day. “Going bogey-bogey is pretty poor coming down the stretch. I’ve got to do something special tomorrow so I get my chances back to try and win this thing.” British Open champion Jordan Spieth (71) saw his hopes fade after two bogeys over his final three holes left him seven shots back in a share of 16th. Pieters started the round two shots back of Walker and got off to a sizzling start with four birdies in his first five holes but started to unravel down the stretch. The long-hitting Belgian made a pair of bogeys starting at the 13th that dropped him back into a share of the lead. He did well to make birdie two holes later but then fell back into a share of the lead again after a bogey at the 17th. Hend’s 63, the lowest round of the day by two shots, was built on four birdies on each nine with his only blemish coming in the form of a three-putt bogey at the par-three seventh. ",1
2289,Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House may appoint a senior policy adviser with hardline views on immigration, who recently sparred with reporters in a televised briefing, as its new communications director, a senior administration official said on Saturday. Stephen Miller, a top aide and speechwriter for President Donald Trump, is a candidate to lead the White House’s communications team after a series of personnel changes in the more than six months that Trump has been president.  The official did not say how many people were on the short list but the Axios news site reported on Saturday that Miller is not the top contender. Last week, Trump ousted White House communications chief Anthony Scaramucci over an obscene tirade to a New Yorker magazine writer only 10 days after he was appointed, leaving the position vacant. Retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, the new chief of staff who sources said was seeking to impose order on a White House riven with factions and backbiting, is said to have recommended the move.  In June, Mike Dubke resigned from the communications director post and since then, there has been a revolving door, with Sean Spicer serving as acting director until Scaramucci was named.  Miller, who has been a top adviser to Trump since the presidential campaign last year, is a former aide to Jeff Sessions when he was in the Senate. Sessions is now Trump’s attorney general.  He was one of the authors of Trump’s controversial proposed ban on visitors from a half dozen Muslim majority nations, which has triggered protests and a slew of legal challenges. On Thursday, Miller briefed reporters at the White House on Trump’s support for legislation that would overhaul the current immigration system by creating a merit based system for issuing visas, favoring younger immigrants with advanced degrees.  He sparred with a CNN reporter who asked whether such a policy was potentially racist and ran counter to the American values, and accused him of having a “cosmopolitan bias.” ",1
2290,Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town,"BEDMINSTER, N.J. (Reuters) - Three military helicopters hovered over Anne Choi’s backyard, engaged in what appeared to be a drill ahead of President Donald Trump’s visit three weeks ago to this tranquil town of farmland and horse barns in rural New Jersey. “My sheep were terrified,” Choi, 44, said on Thursday inside her two-story barn a mile east of Trump National Golf Club, as half a dozen Shetland sheep grazed outside. “It’s awful. We don’t have the infrastructure here. We can’t support the weight of his presence.” As Bedminster prepared this week for the president’s latest trip to the 600-acre (240-hectare) private club, a 17-day stay that is his first extended vacation in office, some of the town’s 8,000 residents expressed frustration at the security protocols, road closures and daily disruption that will begin with his arrival on Friday. On Wednesday, the U.S. Secret Service said safety measures would also include a “tethered drone,” equipped with optical and infrared cameras and powered by a wire attached to a ground controller, that could impede on the privacy of nearby residences. “It’s super creepy,” said Julie Henderson, an artist who lives down the road from Trump National, as two military helicopters roared overhead before circling and heading back toward the golf club. The Secret Service said the drone would focus primarily on the outer perimeter and would not “physically intrude upon or disturb the use of private property outside the Trump National Golf Course.” Trump’s movements can also lead to the closure of local roads and highways. Julie Henderson’s husband, Paul Henderson, said he has twice been stuck on an Interstate on his way to work while Trump’s motorcade used the highway. Not everyone in this town about 40 miles (60 km) west of New York City agrees Trump’s visit will be a nuisance. Steve Desiderio, who owns a restaurant and catering business in Bedminster’s modest downtown, said the influx of federal agents and journalists would be a welcome boost to his business. Desiderio, a 48-year-old Trump supporter, added that complaints about the disruption were overblown and media-driven. “It’s just fake news,” he said, echoing one of the president’s favorite phrases. “They try to spin it like it’s gridlock. So there are five more cars at the stoplight?” Bedminster’s Republican mayor, Steven Parker, also brushed off the criticism. “It’s really been a big non-event,” he said. Some residents said Trump has been a generous neighbor in past years, allowing local events to be hosted at his club. As in previous years, the township committee held its annual reorganization meeting in 2017 at Trump National, where Parker was selected to continue as mayor. While Trump’s visit may help the town’s eateries, it will shut down the local airport, where 110 private planes and 60 flight school students will be grounded from Aug. 4 to Aug. 20. “Our summertime is our busiest time,” said Somerset Airport President Chris Walker, as a Coast Guard helicopter landed on the runway in preparation for the weekend. “We’re just rolling with the punches.” About half of the planes were being moved to other airports outside the 10-mile (16-km) no-fly zone, Stewart said. Some workers will be sent home until Trump returns to Washington. Trump has also drawn local protesters, both for and against him. Anti-Trump activists have been staging a weekly “People’s Motorcade,” driving slowly down the road past Trump National and honking their horns. The town’s administrator, Judith Sullivan, said they were more of a distraction for her 16-member police department than the president, though they have largely been well behaved. She hopes to recoup the $30,000 in overtime for officers working during Trump’s visit from the U.S. government. Choi, who moved to Bedminster from Maryland two years ago, said she likely would not have chosen her house had she known the “summer White House” would be only a mile away. “Even if you agree with his politics, I think we can all agree that this is not what we bargained for,” she said. ",1
2291,Factbox: What do the new U.S. sanctions on Russia target?,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump reluctantly signed into law a sweeping sanctions bill against Russia, Iran and North Korea this week.  As U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov meet this weekend at a regional forum in Manila, here is a look at new Russia sanctions : * The law establishes a review process that allows Congress to block any effort by Trump to ease or lift sanctions on Russia. Lawmakers passed the bill to punish Russia over its alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, its annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and its involvement in Syria’s civil war.  * Trump, or any U.S. president, must submit a report to the appropriate congressional committee describing the rationale behind any easing of sanctions on Russia and how it would affect U.S. national security interests. Congress would have at least 30 days to hold hearings and then vote on any proposed change. If lawmakers back a “joint resolution of disapproval,” the president would be barred from changing the sanctions. * New sanctions are introduced on entities doing business with Russian military or intelligence agencies, companies involved in Russian off-shore oil projects, and those participating in Russian oil or gas pipeline construction within Russia. The bill targets a wide range of Russian industries, which might further hurt Russia’s economy, already weakened by 2014 sanctions imposed after the annexation of Crimea. * The law also ramps up sanctions against any entity involved in any cyber attacks on behalf of the Russian government, or that is owned by or acting on behalf of any such entity. The president is allowed to waive these sanctions if he determines it is in the national security interest to do so, subject to congressional review. * Six executive orders signed by President Barack Obama are codified, which would prevent Trump from using an executive order to revoke them. The measures, from 2014-2016, targeted Russia’s financial services, energy, defense and other industries in retaliation for its annexation of Crimea and incursion into Ukraine, as well as cyber-attacks and election interference in the United States. * The law also requires an interagency report on senior foreign political figures and oligarchs in Russia, their estimated net worth and sources of income, any indications of corruption, and their connection to Russian President Vladimir Putin.  ",1
2292,Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia’s former ambassador to Washington, Sergei Kislyak, said on Saturday his conversations with former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn had been transparent and focused on matters of U.S.-Russia cooperation. Kislyak ended his tenure in Washington in July but remains a key figure in ongoing U.S. investigations into Moscow’s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Flynn was forced to resign in February after it became known that he had failed to disclose the content of conversations he had with Kislyak and misled U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence about their meetings. “We only spoke about the most simple things ... but the communication was completely correct, calm, absolutely transparent. In any case, there were no secrets on our side,” Kislyak said during a panel discussion on Russian television. “There are a number of issues which are important for cooperation between Russia and the United States - most of all, terrorism. And that was one of the things we discussed.” ",1
2293,Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Investigators working for U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign colluded with Russia, have asked the White House for documents related to his former national security adviser Michael Flynn, the New York Times reported on Friday. “Though not a formal subpoena, the document request is the first known instance of Mr. Mueller’s team asking the White House to hand over records,” said the Times, which cited unnamed people close to the investigation for the report.  The Times also said the investigators had questioned witnesses about whether Flynn was secretly paid by the Turkish government during the final months of the 2016 campaign. The White House and Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not immediately respond to requests from Reuters for comment. The Times quoted Ty Cobb, special counsel to Trump, as saying “We’ve said before we’re collaborating with the special counsel on an ongoing basis.” Trump has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russia and called the investigation a witch hunt. The Republican president fired Flynn in February after it became clear that he had falsely characterized the nature of phone conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to Washington in December. Reuters reported in June that according to a subpoena, federal prosecutors in Virginia were investigating a deal between Flynn and Turkish businessman Ekim Alptekin as part of a grand jury criminal probe. Alptekin’s company, Netherlands-based Inovo BV, paid the now-inactive Flynn Intel Group $530,000 (406,554 pounds) between September and November 2016 to produce a documentary and research on Fethullah Gulen, an exiled Turkish cleric living in the United States. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan blames Gulen for a failed coup last year. ",1
2294,"Puerto Rico oversight board orders furloughs, governor defiant","(Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s federally appointed financial oversight board said on Friday it will institute a two-day per month work furlough for government employees, but a defiant Governor Ricardo Rossello rejected the measure out of hand. The plan, which originally envisioned a four-day per month furlough, is set to begin on Sept. 1 and last throughout the 2018 fiscal year in an effort to achieve $218 million in savings. It excludes frontline law enforcement personnel. Rossello openly challenged the board’s authority to impose the belt-tightening measure on the bankrupt U.S. territory, however. The furloughs are part of the board’s efforts to implement fiscal changes and achieve $880 million in savings for “right-sizing” the government this fiscal year and ensuring the island’s long-term economic viability. Natalie Jaresko, executive director of the oversight board, said the government had offered a number of ideas for achieving savings. Speaking during a webcast of the board’s ninth public meeting, she said the government had fallen short of meeting required money-saving goals, however. Furloughs could be scaled back or eliminated early if sufficient savings are achieved per the government’s fiscal plan, the board said. Rossello, in a televised address late on Friday, said the furloughs were unjustified and unnecessary. He also highlighted, in a statement released by his office, public sector cutbacks and budgetary savings that resulted in higher than expected financial reserves. “I do not accept nor will I execute the furlough submitted today by the Financial Oversight and Management Board,” Rossello said. The board was created by the federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA. Rossello said section 205 of the PROMESA law means the board can make “recommendations” but not impose changes. Furloughs would represent a $340 million hit to the economy  in the current fiscal year, he said. Puerto Rico’s Treasury Secretary, Raul Maldonado, told Reuters on Wednesday that preliminary tax collections in July, the first month of fiscal 2018, were running $20 million to $30 million ahead of forecast. But board member Andrew Biggs spoke of the commonwealth’s current state of affairs in stark terms during the meeting. “The simple fact is that the government of Puerto Rico has run out of money,” he said. He added that “the difficult steps of raising taxes and cutting spending” were something that the board and government alike “have no choice but to do.” Puerto Rico is seeking to restructure roughly $72 billion in debt and another near $50 billion in unfunded pension liabilities while it struggles with the flight of residents to the U.S. mainland and a 45 percent poverty rate. Reforms of the pension system were among the measures discussed at Friday’s board meeting. They would include a 10 percent cut in benefits. For an adrift in debt interactive, click: here For a graphic on the Mutual funds' Puerto Rico bankruptcy tangle, click: here ",1
2295,U.N. vote Saturday on U.S. bid to slash North Korea exports over missile tests,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council is set to vote on Saturday on a U.S.-drafted resolution that aims to slash by a third North Korea’s $3 billion annual export revenue over Pyongyang’s two intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) tests in July.  A council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there was a “high confidence” that North Korea ally China and Russia would support the draft resolution, which was circulated to the 15 Security Council members on Friday. The council is due to vote at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT). A resolution needs nine votes in favor, and no vetoes by the United States, China, Russia, France or Britain, to be adopted.  The draft resolution would ban North Korea’s exports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead, lead ore and seafood. It would also prohibit countries from increasing the current numbers of North Korean laborers working abroad, ban new joint ventures with North Korea and any new investment in current joint ventures. “These are export sectors where this money is viewed as a critical, critical source of hard currency that the North immediately turns around into its fantastically expensive war machine and these just amazingly expensive ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs,” the diplomat said. “These sanctions are not targeted at the people of North Korea,” the diplomat said.  The draft resolution would also add nine individuals and four entities to the U.N. blacklist, including North Korea’s primary foreign exchange bank, subjecting them to a global asset freeze and travel ban. The United States and China have been negotiating the draft text for the past month. Typically, they agree sanctions on North Korea before formally involving other council members. U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has been frustrated that China has not done more to rein in North Korea and Washington has threatened to impose new sanctions on Chinese firms doing business with Pyongyang. “The Trump administration should issue new sanctions against China at the same time the new resolution is adopted as Beijing is still violating U.S. law by allowing its companies, individuals, and banks to facilitate North Korea’s sanctions evasion,” said Anthony Ruggiero, a Foundation for Defense of Democracies senior fellow and former U.S. Treasury official. China has also been upset by possible moves by the Trump administration to exert trade pressure on Beijing.    “(The draft) appears to reflect a compromise between the U.S. and China in several areas,” Bonnie Glaser, senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said. “It notably does not include any reduction in Chinese crude oil shipments to North Korea.” While supportive of new U.N. action, Security Council member Sweden said sanctions alone could not solve the problem. “More creative diplomacy is urgently needed. A long-term solution can only be achieved through dialogue and negotiations,” said Sweden’s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Carl Skau.  The United States had been informally keeping Britain and France in the loop on the bilateral negotiations, while U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said China had been sharing the draft and negotiating with Russia. It has not been clear if poor relations between Russia and the United States, which imposed new unilateral sanctions on Moscow on Wednesday, would hamper negotiations. Moscow has disagreed with assessments by Western powers that Pyongyang launched two long-range missiles, saying they were mid-range. Diplomats say China and Russia only view a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapon as a trigger for further possible U.N. sanctions. North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the Security Council has ratcheted up the measures in response to five nuclear weapons tests and two long-range missile launches. The U.N. diplomat said North Korea has been estimated to earn in 2017 $400 million from coal, $251 million from iron and iron ore, $113 million from lead and lead ore and $295 million from seafood. The diplomat said it was difficult to estimate how much North Korea was earning from sending workers abroad.  A United Nations human rights investigator said in 2015 that North Korea has forced more than 50,000 people to work abroad, mainly in Russia and China, earning the country between $1.2 billion and $2.3 billion a year for the government. ",1
2296,House Republicans push for contempt charges against CFPB director,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are pushing to hold Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Richard Cordray in contempt of Congress for refusing to respond sufficiently to congressional subpoenas. A report released on Friday by Republican staff of the House Financial Services Committee argued there was “ample evidence” to hold Cordray in contempt because of his alleged failure to fully comply with subpoena requests. Republicans on the panel have been fiercely critical of the CFPB’s regulatory work. The report marked the most direct threat yet to pursue legal action against Cordray, who was appointed by Democratic former President Barack Obama after the agency was created under the  2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. The subpoenas sought records tied to the CFPB’s successful efforts to ban mandatory arbitration clauses from financial contracts, including communications between CFPB staff and meetings with outside groups. The ban, hailed by consumer advocates, was finalized in July but Republicans in Congress are working to overturn it. Republicans demanded the documents as part of a probe into rulemaking, and whether the rules regarding mandatory arbitration clauses were written in a proper fashion. Mandatory arbitration clauses require consumers to resolve any disputes through arbitration instead of joining together in class-action lawsuits. Republican staff on the House banking panel had suggested in June that Cordray could face contempt charges for insufficient responses to congressional queries, but Friday’s report took the conflict to new heights.  A committee spokesman, Jeff Emerson, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on whether the panel would actually seek contempt charges. In response to the report, CFPB spokeswoman Jen Howard said the agency had already produced “thousands of pages” in response to the requests and was endeavoring to do more. “We will continue our efforts to understand how we can respond to the committee in a satisfactory manner,” she said in a statement to Reuters. In the past, Cordray has criticized similar panel subpoenas as overly broad and confusing. Representative Jeb Hensarling, who chairs the committee, has been one of Cordray’s outspoken critics, and demanded in the past that Republican President Donald Trump fire him as director. Democrats have rallied behind Cordray and the agency since its creation. “The Republican attacks on Director Cordray and the Consumer Bureau are entirely baseless, and there are no grounds at all for them to hold the Director in contempt,” Maxine Waters, the top Democrat on Hensarling’s panel, said in a statement to Reuters. ",1
2297,U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has officially informed the United Nations it will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement in a document issued on Friday, but left the door open to re-engaging if the terms improved for the United States. The State Department said in a press release the United States would continue to participate in United Nations climate change meetings during the withdrawal process, which is expected to take at least three years. “The United States supports a balanced approach to climate policy that lowers emissions while promoting economic growth and ensuring energy security,” the department said in the release.  President Donald Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the Paris deal in June, saying the accord would have cost America trillions of dollars, killed jobs, and hindered the oil, gas, coal and manufacturing industries. But he also, at the time, said he would be open to renegotiating the deal, which was agreed by nearly 200 nations over the course of years - drawing ridicule from world and business leaders who said that would be impossible. During a visit last month to Paris to meet French President Emmanuel Macron, the two discussed the deal and Trump told reporters “Something could happen with respect to the Paris accords, let’s see what happens.” “As the President indicated in his June 1 announcement and subsequently, he is open to re-engaging in the Paris Agreement if the United States can identify terms that are more favorable to it, its businesses, its workers, its people, and its taxpayers,” the State Department said in its press release about the formal notice of withdrawal. Republican U.S. congressional leaders have backed Trump’s move to exit the accord. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, for example, said it was “another significant blow to the Obama administration’s assault on domestic energy production and jobs”. But numerous business leaders have called the move a blow to international efforts to combat climate change, and a missed opportunity to capture growth in the emerging clean energy industry. The United States, under former President Barack Obama, had pledged as part of the Paris accord to cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025 to help slow global warming.  The earliest date for the United States to completely withdraw from the agreement is Nov. 4, 2020, around the time of the next U.S. presidential election. ",1
2298,"With military discipline imposed, Trump getting more time for decisions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s choice of a general as chief of staff has quickly brought more order to the White House and is giving the president more time to ponder decisions as he tries to bounce back from a rocky six months with no major legislative achievements. But John Kelly, a retired four-star Marine Corps general with an intimidating air, still has many challenges to confront to stem the chaos that has raged at the White House since Trump took office in January, not least the Republican president’s free-wheeling style.  Trump, who attended a military prep school growing up, is said to be pleased at the increased discipline that Kelly has brought in since taking over from Reince Priebus, who struggled to maintain order and was often ignored by senior staff. “He is feeling like he’s getting more time to read the materials and have substantive discussions and talk about the decisions he’s making,” said a White House official, who asked not to be identified. “Before, he was carrying a lot himself. It feels now like there is more burden-sharing around. He has more trust and confidence in Kelly,” the official said. Aides said Kelly, who previously was running the Department of Homeland Security and who began work on Monday, was commanding respect in the West Wing. “Kelly is scary in a way that Reince wasn’t,” said an administration official. Senior staff meetings are well attended and no longer considered optional as they were under Priebus. Typically anyone who goes into the Oval Office to see Trump makes sure Kelly knows. “I think you’ve seen less backbiting,” said Ken Duberstein, who was a chief of staff for 1980s President Ronald Reagan. “I think the idea that he is asserting, that the White House cannot be a free-wheeling place but rather there is a chain of command and things go in an orderly process, are all major steps in the right direction.” So far, Kelly has not managed to put a stop to leaks to the media that have infuriated Trump.  On Thursday, the Washington Post published transcripts of Trump’s sometimes fraught calls in the early days of his presidency with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. He has not reined in the president himself, and it is by no means clear he will try to do so. Confidants say Trump is still speed-dialing people in the evenings, as he has done for decades. He is still firing off bombastic tweets, like one on Thursday blaming the Republican-controlled Congress for what he called an all-time low in relations with Russia because it piled on more sanctions. But Trump did stay on message at a rally in West Virginia on Thursday night, reading from a Teleprompter and sticking to the script. Barry Bennett, a former Trump campaign adviser, said time will tell whether Kelly can reform any of the habits Trump has displayed during the first six months in office.”He’ll have some of the smartest people around him and they’re not there to change him but to make him better. Even Tom Brady needs a coach,” said Bennett, referring to the highly successful New England Patriots quarterback. Trump’s friends said there is value to letting Trump be Trump, particularly since Priebus’ attempt to shape Trump into a more traditional president failed spectacularly. “Kelly can go too far in the other direction. Donald Trump doesn’t need a babysitter. He’s his own man,” said one friend. “I understand the attitude of the military types that if they can control all information flow they can control the president. But the first time he learns something that he should have heard from staff, there will be hell to pay.” Trump has yet to notch up a major legislative win and Kelly has scant experience with lawmakers. In the mid-1990s he served as the Marine Corps commandant’s liaison officer to the U.S. House of Representatives. So far his appointment is being welcomed on Capitol Hill, where lawmakers had grown weary of the chaos at the White House. Many were heartened to see one of Kelly’s first acts was to jettison Anthony Scaramucci as communications director after a foul-mouthed tirade against Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon. “He is going to bring such an air of calm,” said Senator David Perdue, a Republican and early supporter of Trump’s election campaign. “This man has been through a career of providing results, and showing leadership.” Kelly is seen as likely to form a partnership with two other retired generals in Trump’s inner circle, Defense Secretary James Mattis and national security adviser H.R. McMaster. The three attended a meeting of top national security aides on Thursday in the White House Situation Room aimed at settling on a strategy for Afghanistan that Trump, who tends to be non-interventionist, will find acceptable. Whether they will be able to overcome his doubts about sending around 4,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan is unclear. “I think he likes the snap and efficiency. But I seriously question whether any of them share his non-interventionist world view,” the friend said. ",1
2299,Illinois fights potential hike in disabled care funding,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois fought on Friday against a potential court order it contends could cost the state, which just ended an unprecedented budget impasse, as much as an additional $1 billion annually to care for developmentally disabled people. In arguments before U.S. District Court Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman, advocates for disabled people living outside of institutions said Illinois is violating a federal consent decree by failing to provide required services due to insufficient funding. The state maintained that even with the enactment last month of its first full budget in two years along with a tax hike, it still lacks enough money to pay off a more than $14 billion backlog in bills.   Additional funding to comply with the consent decree would have to be squeezed from existing spending on services for the developmentally disabled or from other unrelated programs, according to a court filing by the Illinois Attorney General’s Office. Brent Stratton, chief deputy Illinois Attorney General, told the judge the fiscal 2018 budget allocated $53 million for the first rate increase for developmentally disabled services since 2008. He said Illinois is in “substantial compliance” with the decree and that the funding boost should be allowed to play out. “The court has the power to enforce the consent decree, but there is a limit,” Stratton said. “The court can’t order us to increase rates.” Another U.S. judge ordered Illinois in June to increase payments to $586 million a month for Medicaid providers that were owed more than $3 billion for caring for poor and disabled residents covered under a separate federal consent decree. A stalemate between Illinois’ Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature left the nation’s fifth-largest state operating on spending ordered by courts and mandated by Illinois law for two-straight years. Lawyers for the developmentally disabled residents pointed to a $5 billion income rate increase Illinois enacted in July to bolster its sagging budget, saying that money could be tapped in the future to fund services. In addition to seeking a ruling of noncompliance with the consent decree against the state, the lawyers also want the judge to order Illinois to produce a detailed plan on how it will comply with the decree. “Cost is what this all comes down to,” said Judge Johnson Coleman, who raised concerns about siphoning money from other state funding priorities. ",1
2300,"Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, taking up an issue that has infuriated Republican President Donald Trump, went on the attack against leaks on Friday, warning of a possible crackdown both on reporters and their sources inside the federal government. In a move derided by critics as an attack on the free press, Sessions said the administration was reviewing policies on forcing journalists to reveal their sources.  It is, however, difficult to prosecute members of the news media in the United States for publishing leaked information. Sessions also told the employees of government agencies to stop leaking and called the issue a matter of national security.     Trump has repeatedly voiced anger over a steady stream of leaks to the media about him and his administration since he took office in January.  Some have been related to probes into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election; others have concerned infighting in the White House.     “One of the things we are doing is reviewing policies affecting media subpoenas,” Sessions told reporters as he announced administration efforts to battle what he called a “staggering number of leaks undermining the ability of our government to protect this country.” “We respect the important role that the press plays and will give them respect, but it is not unlimited,” the nation’s top law official said.  His boss, Trump, has repeatedly criticized news outlets and their work as “fake news,” and administration officials have criticized the use of anonymous sources, a standard journalistic practice. A media subpoena is a writ compelling a journalist to testify or produce evidence, with a penalty for failure to do so.  The fact that the administration is reviewing its policy leaves open the possibility of sentencing journalists for not disclosing their sources.     “Every American should be concerned about the Trump administration’s threat to step up its efforts against whistleblowers and journalists,” said Ben Wizner of the American Civil Liberties Union. “A crackdown on leaks is a crackdown on the free press and on democracy as a whole.” Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told reporters the department was just starting to review the policy on media subpoenas and could not say yet how it might be changed. But he did not rule out the possibility of threatening journalists with jail time.     Historically, government employees or contractors who give sensitive information to the media are much more likely to be prosecuted than the reporters who receive it. U.S. regulations give journalists special protections, barring them from law enforcement that might “reasonably impair newsgathering activities.” Federal prosecutors must get special permission from the U.S. attorney general before issuing a subpoena to try to force a member of the news media to divulge information to authorities. New York Times reporter Judith Miller was jailed in 2005 for refusing to reveal a source about stories on Iraq, but she cut a deal with prosecutors before she was formally charged.   In addressing the wider issue of leaks, Sessions said the Justice Department has tripled the number of investigations into unauthorized leaks of classified information and that four people have already been charged. “We are taking a stand,” said Sessions, who in recent weeks has been publicly criticized by Trump for his performance in the job, including for what Trump called his weakness on the issue of going after leakers. “This culture of leaking must stop,” Sessions said. It is not illegal to leak information, as such, but divulging classified information is against the law. Some of the more high-profile leaks in the Trump administration have revealed White House infighting in articles that would appear not to involve divulging classified information.         Sessions did not immediately give the identities of the four people charged, but said they had been accused of unlawfully disclosing classified information or concealing contacts with foreign intelligence officers. Rosenstein did not give the exact number of leak investigations the Justice Department is currently handling, only that this number has tripled under the Trump administration.  In the latest major leak to the media, the Washington Post published transcripts on Thursday of contentious phone calls that Trump had in the early days of his administration with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. “No government can be effective when its leaders cannot discuss sensitive matters in confidence or to talk freely in confidence with foreign leaders,” Sessions said of that case.     One tool Sessions has for prosecuting leakers is the Espionage Act, a World War One-era law that was designed to stop leaks to America’s enemies. Federal prosecutors have used it 12 times to charge individuals for disclosing information to the media, eight of them under Democratic former President Barack Obama.   The most recent case, and the first under Trump, was the Justice Department’s indictment in June of Reality Leigh Winner, 25, a U.S. intelligence contractor accused of leaking a classified National Security Agency report about Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 election.	 ",1
2301,Factbox: Long history of U.S. leakers to media facing charges,"(Reuters) - While one focus of the leak crackdown announced on Friday by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is on journalists who receive leaked information, another is on suspected leakers. Republican President Donald Trump has complained for months about leaks to the news media, but his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, also took a hard line on leaking.  Eight of the 12 cases where federal prosecutors charged individuals with violating the Espionage Act, a World War One-era law aimed at keeping sensitive information out of the hands of the United States’ enemies, were brought under Obama. Here are the 12 cases, dating back 46 years. Daniel Ellsberg became the first such case in 1971 when prosecutors accused the national security analyst and his colleague, Anthony Russo, of providing what would become known as the Pentagon Papers to the New York Times and other media outlets. The secret documents revealed the extent of U.S. involvement in Vietnam. Charges against the two men were dismissed when a judge found that the government had wiretapped Ellsberg, possibly illegally. Samuel Morison, a former Navy intelligence analyst, was charged in 1984 with illegally passing secret photographs of Soviet ships to a magazine, Jane’s Defence Weekly. He pleaded not guilty, but a jury convicted him, making him the first person convicted under the Espionage Act for divulging secrets to the press. He was sentenced to two years in prison but paroled. President Bill Clinton pardoned him. Lawrence Franklin, a Defense Department employee, was charged in 2005 with passing classified information about Iran to two pro-Israel lobbyists, Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman. Franklin pleaded guilty and received a 12-year sentence. Eventually, after the government’s case against Rosen and Weissman collapsed, a judge reduced Franklin’s sentence to 10 months in a halfway house. Shamai Leibowitz was an FBI translator when material that he heard while translating ended up on a blog. He reached an agreement with prosecutors before he was charged, and pleaded guilty in 2009 to one count of disclosing classified information. He was sentenced to 20 months in prison. Former National Security Agency official Thomas Drake was suspected in 2010 of revealing information about the agency’s warrantless wiretapping program. He was indicted under the Espionage Act but said the only information he leaked was about waste in an NSA program, which he gave to the Baltimore Sun. The 10 felony counts were dropped when he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and received no prison time. Chelsea Manning, an Army private first class formerly known as Bradley Manning, turned over more than 700,000 classified files to the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks in the biggest breach of secret data in U.S. history. Manning was found guilty of 19 counts but acquitted of the most serious one, aiding the enemy. She was sentenced in August 2013 to 35 years in a military prison but was released in May after Obama, in his last days in office, commuted the final 28 years of Manning’s sentence.  Stephen Kim, a U.S. State Department contract analyst, allegedly divulged to a Fox News reporter what U.S. intelligence believed about how North Korea would respond to new sanctions. A grand jury indicted him in 2010 for disclosing defense information and making false statements. He pleaded guilty in 2014 and was sentenced to thirteen months in prison. He was released in May 2015.  Former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling was charged in 2011 with illegally disclosing classified information about Iran to James Risen, a New York Times reporter, for his book “State of War.” A jury convicted Sterling in 2015. A judge sentenced him to 42 months in prison.  Former CIA officer John Kiriakou was charged in 2012 with divulging to journalists secret information about the CIA’s interrogation program, including the identity of a covert officer. In an agreement with prosecutors, he pleaded guilty to one count and was sentenced to two and a half years in prison. He was released in February 2015 on condition that he serve three months of house arrest. U.S. officials said in June 2013 they had filed sealed criminal charges against former NSA contractor Edward Snowden for unauthorized leaks and theft of government property. Snowden prompted a worldwide debate after he gave documents to newspapers showing the extent of U.S. surveillance programs. Russia granted him asylum. Former FBI bomb analyst Donald Sachtleben agreed in September 2013 to plead guilty to disclosing national defense information for telling an Associated Press reporter details of a failed airline bombing attempt by Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. A judge sentenced Sachtleben that year to a 43-month prison term for the national security offenses and a consecutive 97-month term for unrelated child pornography charges. The Justice Department charged U.S. intelligence contractor Reality Leigh Winner with violating the Espionage Act for leaking a classified report on Russian interference in U.S. elections to The Intercept. The NSA report described Russian efforts to launch cyber attacks on at least one U.S. voting software supplier and send “spear-phishing” emails to more than 100 local officials days before the Nov. 8, 2016 election. ",1
2302,White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners: Politico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is considering reducing the annual $1 million mortgage deduction cap for U.S. homeowners as a part of its broader tax reform, despite earlier promises to protect the tax advantage, Politico reported on Friday. Politico said the popular deduction came up this week at a White House roundtable with real estate industry representatives led by National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. The publication quoted an attendee as saying Cohn was willing to “ruffle some feathers” by putting everything on the table. The Internal Revenue Service says homeowners can deduct all interest on mortgages of up to $1 million. Lowering the mortgage deduction cap could help pay for major tax cuts for businesses and individuals that Republicans view as crucial for driving U.S. economic growth. But the White House pushed back on the notion that its position has changed. “As we’ve said since we introduced our principles in April, we intend to protect the homeownership deductions,” White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom said. Cohn told Bloomberg TV on Friday that the 35 percent U.S. corporate tax rate should be more in line with the 24 percent average rate among other countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. “We cannot be substantially higher than the OECD average tax rate out there,” he said. “We’ve got to get in line with the rest of the world, we’ve got to entice capital to be invested in the United States.” President Donald Trump wants to cut the corporate rate far lower to 15 percent, a level that Republicans in Congress view as unlikely. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch told Reuters this week it would be a challenge to get the rate to 25 percent. In a separate Friday interview on Fox Business Network, Cohn said the administration and Congress are committed to get as low a rate as possible for businesses. Two congressional tax committees are drafting tax legislation that is expected to be unveiled in September. Republicans hope to pass the bill before the end of 2017. Congress faces a packed legislative agenda when lawmakers return to Washington in September after their August break, including the task of raising the debt ceiling before October, when the Treasury Department is expected to fully exhaust its remaining borrowing capacity. Cohn told Fox the administration is well aware of the calendar and that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is working to ensure the debt ceiling gets raised. ",1
2303,Lufthansa changes flight routes after latest North Korea missile testing,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Airline Lufthansa said on Friday it had changed its flight routes to Japan because of North Korean missile tests. Lufthansa Group, which owns Swiss, Lufthansa, and Lufthansa Cargo, had already been avoiding direct overflights of North Korean airspace for more than a year, the company said. “As a result of the latest North Korean missile tests, Lufthansa Group has decided for now to change routings to and from Japan, purely as a precautionary measure,” the airline said, adding that changes to the flight time were negligible. Air France-KLM said on Thursday it had expanded its no-fly zone over North Korea after one of its jets flew past the location where an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) splashed down 10 minutes later. Air France’s flight 293, a Boeing 777 carrying 323 people from Tokyo to Paris, missed North Korea’s latest ICBM as it fell to earth on July 28 by about 100 km (60 miles), a spokesman for Air France-KLM said, citing flight data provided by Japan. North Korea said a week ago that its latest ICBM test proved its ability to strike the U.S. mainland, drawing a sharp warning from President Donald Trump and a rebuke from China. ",1
2304,Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Interior Department’s inspector general said it would investigate a reported threat by the agency’s head, Ryan Zinke, against Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski’s state of Alaska last week over her opposition to her party’s efforts to repeal Obamacare. Zinke called Murkowski and Alaska’s other U.S. senator, Republican Dan Sullivan, on July 26, the day after Murkowski’s crucial vote against a motion to begin debate on the healthcare overhaul, the Alaska Dispatch News reported. The interior secretary warned the two senators that Murkowski’s vote could have negative consequences for energy and land use in Alaska, the newspaper said. Murkowski spokeswoman Karina Peterson confirmed that Zinke had called the senator. The Interior Department deals with policies crucial to the state’s economy such as drilling and mining on federal and tribal land and control of wildlife areas. The inspector general’s office sent a letter to Democratic U.S. Representatives Frank Pallone and Raul Grijalva, the top Democrats on the House committees on energy and natural resources, respectively, on Thursday evening, saying it would start a preliminary investigation into the matter. The two lawmakers had asked the inspector general’s office and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) for an investigation following the report of the threat. Zinke’s office and the GAO did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Murkowski’s July 25 no vote, along with that of Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine, forced Vice President Mike Pence to cast a tiebreaking vote to pass the motion by a 51-50 ballot. Subsequent efforts in the Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, collapsed last Friday after Murkowski, Collins and Senator John McCain of Arizona joined their Democratic and independent Senate colleagues in voting against a “skinny repeal” bill that would have eliminated some parts of Obamacare. Murkowski chairs the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, which oversees appropriations and appointee confirmations for Zinke’s agency. On Thursday, the interior secretary suggested he had reconciled with Murkowski, posting a photo of him drinking Alaska-brand beers with the senator on Twitter. “I say dinner, she says brews. My friends know me well,” he tweeted. ",1
2305,"Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump Jr., Russian lawyer meeting: sources","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A grand jury has issued subpoenas in connection with a June 2016 meeting that included President Donald Trump’s son, his son-in-law and a Russian lawyer, two sources told Reuters on Thursday, signaling an investigation is gathering pace into suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. The sources added that U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller had convened the grand jury investigation in Washington to help examine allegations of Russian interference in the vote. One of the sources said it was assembled in recent weeks. Russia has loomed large over the first six months of the Trump presidency. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia worked to tilt the presidential election in Trump’s favor. Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May, is leading the probe, which also examines potential collusion by the Trump campaign with Russia. Moscow denies any meddling and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign, while regularly denouncing the investigations as political witch hunts.   At a rally in Huntington, West Virginia, on Thursday night, Trump said: “Most people know there were no Russians in our campaign. ... We didn’t win because of Russia. We won because of you.” Mueller’s use of a grand jury could give him expansive tools to pursue evidence, including issuing subpoenas and compelling witnesses to testify. The Wall Street Journal earlier reported a grand jury was impaneled.  A spokesman for Mueller declined comment. A grand jury is a group of ordinary citizens who, working behind closed doors, considers evidence of potential criminal wrongdoing that a prosecutor is investigating and decides whether charges should be brought. “This is a serious development in the Mueller investigation,” said Paul Callan, a former prosecutor.  “Given that Mueller inherited an investigation that began months ago, it would suggest that he has uncovered information pointing in the direction of criminal charges. But against whom is the real question.”  A lawyer for Trump, Jay Sekulow, appeared to downplay the significance of a grand jury, telling Fox News: “This is not an unusual move.” U.S. stocks and the dollar weakened following the news, while U.S. Treasury securities gained. It was not immediately clear to whom subpoenas were issued and the sources did not elaborate.  Some lawyers said it would put pressure on potential witnesses to cooperate with Mueller’s investigation.  “When someone gets a subpoena to testify, that can drive home the seriousness of the investigation,” said David Sklansky, a professor at Stanford Law School and a former federal prosecutor.  In 2005, a grand jury convened by Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald returned an indictment of Lewis “Scooter” Libby, a top aide to then-Vice President Dick Cheney. “A special counsel can bring an indictment and it has happened before,” said Renato Mariotti, a partner at the law firm Thompson Coburn and a former federal prosecutor. News last month of the meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer who he was told had damaging information about his father’s presidential rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, fueled questions about the campaign’s dealings with Moscow.  The Republican president has defended his son’s behavior, saying many people would have taken that meeting. Trump’s son-in-law and White House senior adviser Jared Kushner and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort also attended the meeting. One of the sources said major Russian efforts to interfere in the election on Trump’s behalf began shortly after the June meeting, making it a focus of Mueller’s investigation. Ty Cobb, special counsel to the president, said he was not aware that Mueller had started using a new grand jury. “Grand jury matters are typically secret,” Cobb said. “The White House favors anything that accelerates the conclusion of his work fairly. ... The White House is committed to fully cooperating with Mr. Mueller.” John Dowd, one of Trump’s personal lawyers, said: “With respect to the news of the grand jury, I can tell you President Trump is not under investigation.” A spokesman for Manafort declined to comment.  Lawyers for Trump Jr. and Kushner did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Trump has questioned Mueller’s impartiality and members of Congress from both parties have expressed concern that Trump might dismiss him. Republican and Democratic senators introduced two pieces of legislation on Thursday seeking to block Trump from firing Mueller.  Sekulow denied that was Trump’s plan. “The president is not thinking of firing Bob Mueller,” Sekulow said. One source briefed on the matter said Mueller was investigating whether, either at the meeting or afterward, anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign encouraged the Russians to start releasing material they had been collecting on the Clinton campaign since March 2016. Another source familiar with the inquiry said that while the president himself was not now under investigation, Mueller’s investigation was seeking to determine whether he knew of the June 9 meeting in advance or was briefed on it afterward. Reuters earlier reported that Mueller’s team was examining money-laundering accusations against Manafort and hoped to push him to cooperate with their probe into possible collusion between Trump’s campaign and Russia. It is not known if the grand jury is investigating those potential charges. ",1
2306,U.S. Vice President Pence's hawkish tone on Russia contrasts with Trump approach,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When President Donald Trump scolded U.S. lawmakers on Thursday for clamping down on Moscow with new sanctions, his message clashed with the one that Vice President Mike Pence pushed during a four-day trip this week to Eastern Europe. As he toured Estonia, Georgia and Montenegro, Pence said the sanctions passed overwhelmingly by Congress would send a unified message to Russia that it must change its behavior. Trump, by contrast, took to Twitter to complain that the sanctions legislation, which he grudgingly signed, would send U.S.-Russia relations to “an all-time & very dangerous low.” While some Republicans played down the divergence, critics said it exemplified an incoherent policy that would unsettle allies and fail to placate Moscow. “There are some policies where a good cop/bad approach can work,” said Michael McFaul, a U.S. ambassador to Russia under former Democratic President Barack Obama. But McFaul added that in the case of the Trump administration’s policy toward Russia, Moscow was likely to view the mixed signals as a sign of policy disarray. If the Republican president continues to want improved relations with Russia, “he’s not achieving his goal,” McFaul said. The White House’s two-track approach is mirrored in Moscow.  After Trump signed the new sanctions into law on Wednesday, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, the No. 2 in the Russian ruling hierarchy, launched a blistering attack on the White House. Yet Russian President Vladimir Putin — who has tried to cultivate a personal rapport with Trump in phone conversations and face-to-face meetings at a summit in Germany — has not uttered a word in public about the sanctions since Trump approved them. Trump has repeatedly said he wants better ties with Russia. But the country has loomed large over the first six months of his administration as a special counsel and U.S. congressional panels investigate allegations Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election to help Trump and also examine any potential role by Trump aides. Moscow denies any meddling and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign.     After Congress passed the sanctions legislation with a large enough margin to override a presidential veto, Trump signed it on Wednesday but criticized it as infringing on his authority and said he could make “far better deals” with governments than Congress could. As a countermeasure to the sanctions, Putin called for reducing the staff of the U.S. diplomatic mission by 755 people and for the seizure of two properties near Moscow used by American diplomats. Jarrod Agen, deputy chief of staff to Pence, insisted that Trump and Pence were “completely aligned” on Russia. “It was the president’s decision to send the vice president to the region. It was the president’s decision to deliver the message that the vice president delivered,” Agen told Reuters. He added that Pence and Trump spoke every day during his trip and sometimes multiple times a day. The disconnect between Pence and Trump on Russia is an anomaly. Pence usually goes to lengths to emphasize his loyalty to his boss and to downplay any differences. Their different tone on Russia dates back to the U.S. presidential campaign. While Trump often praised Putin, Pence called the Russian president a “small and bullying leader” during a vice presidential debate last October. During his trip this week, Pence condemned Russia for its “occupation of Georgia’s soil” as he spoke to U.S. and Georgian troops engaged in joint exercises only 40 miles (64 km) away from Russian troops in South Ossetia. In Montenegro, Pence accused Russia of trying to “destabilize” the western Balkans - a message criticized by Moscow. Russia’s Foreign Ministry said it was “regrettable to note that Washington is sliding ever deeper into the primitive ideology of the Cold War era, which is completely detached from reality.” Traditional Republican conservatives - who favor a hard line on Moscow - have taken some comfort in Pence’s message, as have foreign leaders concerned about the impact of a rapprochement between Trump and Putin. “What he (Pence) is saying is good and helpful and should be the policy of the Trump administration – and so for those of us who want it to be that way, we’re happy to embrace it,” said Danielle Pletka, senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. “None of us know what Donald Trump thinks in his heart of hearts about Russia,” Pletka said. But she added: “If (Trump) were not comfortable with Pence making this trip, Pence would not be making this trip.” Republican Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he would not “read a lot” into the different tones struck by Pence and Trump, although he welcomed Pence’s trip to the European countries. Corker described Pence as the administration’s “ombudsman” on policy and said Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Trump’s national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, were key to developing Trump’s foreign policy. A former U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, was at pains to explain the disconnect between Pence and Trump on Russia. “We are dealing with a major, open split between the president and basically the rest of his administration with the possible exception of Tillerson,” the former official said. ",1
2307,"U.S. may soon expand U.N. talks on North Korea sanctions, signaling China deal: diplomats","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States could shortly broaden talks on a push for stronger U.N. sanctions on North Korea to include all 15 Security Council members, signaling a likely deal with China on new measures, diplomats said on Thursday. Since North Korea’s July 4 launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), the United States has been negotiating with Pyongyang ally China on a draft resolution to impose new sanctions on North Korea, which fired a second ICBM last Friday, in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. “We have been working very hard for some time and we certainly hope that this is going to be a consensus resolution,” China’s U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi told Reuters on Thursday. Some diplomats said the United States could give the draft resolution to all 15 council members as early as Thursday. Typically, the United States and China have agreed sanctions on North Korea before formally involving other council members. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, China, Russia, France or Britain to be adopted. The United States has been informally keeping Britain and France in the loop on the negotiations, while U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said China had been sharing the draft and negotiating with Russia. U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has been frustrated that China has not done more to rein in North Korea and Washington has threatened to impose new sanctions on Chinese firms doing business with Pyongyang. But Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his British counterpart, Boris Johnson, on Friday that China would continue to fully and strictly implement Security Council resolutions on North Korea, the ministry said.  Haley said on Sunday the United States was “done talking about North Korea” and China must decide if it is willing to back imposing stronger U.N. sanctions. But she has also acknowledged that Russia’s engagement on the draft resolution would be the “true test.” Russia noted on Thursday that the permanent five (P5) veto powers had yet to formally discuss the draft. It was not immediately clear if poor relations between Russia and the United States, which imposed new unilateral sanctions on Russia on Wednesday, would hamper the negotiations. “Even if there is an agreement between the U.S. and China, it doesn’t mean there is an agreement between the P5 members,” said Russia’s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia, who met with Liu earlier on Thursday and discussed a possible resolution. “Maybe there is a bilateral agreement (between Beijing and Washington), but that’s not a universal one,” he said, adding that while he was aware of what might be in the resolution he had not seen “the draft as it stands now.”  The U.S. mission to the United Nations declined to comment. Moscow has disagreed with assessments by Western powers that Pyongyang has launched two long-range missiles, saying they were mid-range. Diplomats say China and Russia only view a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapon as a trigger for further possible U.N. sanctions. North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs and the Security Council has ratcheted up the measures in response to five nuclear weapons tests and two long-range missile launches. ",1
2308,Trump administration moves to make tougher U.S. visa vetting permanent,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration moved on Thursday to make permanent a new questionnaire that asks some U.S. visa applicants to provide their social media handles and detailed biographical and travel history, according to a public notice. The questionnaire was rolled out in May as part of an effort to tighten vetting of would-be visitors to the United States, and asks for all prior passport numbers, five years' worth of social media handles, email addresses and phone numbers and 15 years of biographical information including addresses, employment and travel history. (See: bit.ly/2v0qsR2) A State Department official declined to provide data on how many times the form had been used or which nationalities had been asked to fill it out since May, only stating that it estimates 65,000 visa applicants per year “will present a threat profile” that warrants the extra screening. President Donald Trump ran for office in 2016 pledging to crack down on illegal immigration for security reasons, and has called for “extreme vetting” of foreigners entering the United States. On Wednesday, he threw his support behind a bill that would cut legal immigration to the United States by 50 percent over 10 years. The Office of Management and Budget, which must approve most new federal requests of information from the public, initially approved the form on an “emergency” basis, which allowed its use for six months rather than the usual three years. The State Department published a notice in the Federal Register on Thursday seeking to use the form for the next three years. The public has 60 days to comment on the request. (See: bit.ly/2uZNXJD) The questions are meant to “more rigorously evaluate applicants for terrorism, national security-related, or other visa ineligibilities,” the notice said. While the questions are voluntary, the form says failure to provide the information may delay or prevent the processing of a visa application. Trump ordered a temporary travel ban in March on citizens of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. After months of legal wrangling, the Supreme Court in June allowed the travel ban to go forward with a limited scope. The form does not target any particular nationality. Seyed Ali Sepehr, who runs an immigration consultancy in California serving Iranian clients applying for U.S. visas, said that since late June, all of his clients who have been referred for extra security checks have also been asked to fill out the new form. Kiyanoush Razaghi, an immigration attorney based in Maryland, said he knows of Iraqis, Libyans and Iranians who have been asked to fill out the form. Immigration attorney Steve Pattison said one of his clients, who is not from one of the six travel ban countries, had been asked to fill out the new form when applying for a visitor visa, indicating that consular officers are using it broadly.  “It could be that everyone is missing another consequence of the use of the form – its deployment in a far wider sense to cover all sorts of individuals,” Pattison said. ",1
2309,Bill to cut off aid to Palestinians passed by U.S. committee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee approved a bill on Thursday that would cut off $300 million in annual U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority unless it stops making what lawmakers described as payments that reward violent crimes. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 17-4 for the measure, known as the Taylor Force Act, after a 29-year-old American military veteran who was fatally stabbed by a Palestinian while visiting Israel last year. The bill, which must be approved by the full Senate and House of Representatives before becoming law, is intended to stop the Palestinian Authority from paying the stipends, which can reach $3,500 per month. Force’s attacker was killed by Israeli police, but his killer’s family receives such a monthly payment. “What has happened here will hopefully, when passed, prevent other people from having the same fate: an innocent person going about their activities in an innocent way, being murdered by someone who’s being incented to do that by their own government,” Senator Bob Corker, the committee’s Republican chairman and a co-sponsor of the bill, told a news conference. Separately, 16 Republican and Democratic members of the committee wrote to Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, to ask her to lead an international effort for similar action by other countries. Force was a graduate student at Vanderbilt University in Corker’s home state, Tennessee, when he was killed. Force’s parents live in South Carolina, the home state of Senator Lindsey Graham, the act’s other Republican co-sponsor.     Graham, who dubbed the payments “pay to slay,” is chairman of the Senate subcommittee that oversees foreign aid. Palestinian officials have said they intend to continue the payments, which they see as support for relatives of those imprisoned by Israel for fighting against occupation or who have died in connection with that cause. To win broader support, the original act was modified to take into account the need for humanitarian aid. It exempts assistance for the East Jerusalem Hospital Network, creates an escrow account to hold assistance funds and spells out steps the Palestinian Authority can take for aid to resume. Corker said he was confident the bill would become law sometime in the coming months. Similar legislation has also been introduced in the House of Representatives. Opponents of the bill have said they worry that cutting off economic aid to the Palestinians would increase poverty and instability in the West Bank and Gaza, fueling more violence. ",1
2310,Senators propose legislation to protect special counsel from Trump,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican and Democratic senators introduced two pieces of legislation on Thursday seeking to block President Donald Trump from firing the special counsel probing his ties to Russia, as Congress increasingly seeks to assert its authority on policy. Members of Congress from both parties have expressed concern that Trump might dismiss Robert Mueller, the special counsel appointed to determine whether there was collusion between his 2016 presidential campaign and Moscow. The Republican president on May 9 fired FBI Director James Comey, who was overseeing the investigation. He also recently criticized his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, for recusing himself from the probe. With signs that Mueller’s investigation is intensifying, members of Congress sought to protect the special counsel, who was appointed on May 17. Two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday that Mueller had convened a grand jury in Washington to investigate the allegations of Russian meddling. The sources added that grand jury subpoenas had been issued in connection with a June 2016 meeting involving Trump’s son, his son-in-law and a Russian lawyer. Moscow has denied any effort to influence the election, and Trump has disputed any allegations of collusion between his associates and Russia. “Our bill allows judicial review of any decision to terminate a counsel to make sure it’s done for the reasons cited in the regulations rather than political motivation,” said Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who co-sponsored one of the bills with Democratic Senator Cory Booker. A second, generally similar, measure was introduced by Republican Senator Thom Tillis and Democratic Senator Chris Coons. Coons told reporters that he expected the two groups of senators would work together and seek more co-sponsors from both parties, to come up with a single bill. He said they were in discussions with the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee in the hope they would take up the bill, a step toward a vote in the full Senate. The measures were introduced as the Senate prepared to leave Washington for its August recess. Lawmakers will return in early September. Members of Congress, including some of Trump’s fellow Republicans, have recently been pursuing legislation seeking to increase Congress’ influence on U.S. policy. Last week, lawmakers voted almost unanimously for a sweeping sanctions bill that gave Congress the right to review any Trump effort to ease or lift sanctions on Russia. Trump signed that bill into law on Wednesday. ",1
2311,Kremlin agrees with Trump that bilateral ties 'at very dangerous low',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday it fully agreed with U.S. President Donald Trump who said in a Twitter message that Washington’s “relationship with Russia is at an all-time and very dangerous low”. Trump’s comments posted on Thursday came one day after he grudgingly signed new sanctions against Russia into law, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the Trump administration. “We fully share this opinion,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters when asked about Trump’s Twitter message. “The danger may lie in a deficit of interaction and cooperation in those matters which are vitally important for our two countries and peoples.” ",1
2312,"At Trump rally, West Virginia governor switches parties","HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (Reuters) - West Virginia Governor Jim Justice, standing next to President Donald Trump at a rally on Thursday night, announced that he was changing political parties, ditching the Democrats and joining Trump’s Republicans. “I can’t help you anymore being a Democrat governor,” Justice told the crowd. “So tomorrow I will be changing my registration to Republican,” he said to loud cheers. Justice, a billionaire businessman with interests in coal and agriculture, won election in November as a Democrat in his first attempt at political office. Until 2015, he had been a registered Republican. Trump, who won West Virginia by 42 percentage points over Democrat Hillary Clinton, campaigned on a promise to bring back coal jobs, an important industry in the state. Justice said his late mother would have told him about switching parties: “Jimmy, it’s about damn time you came to your senses.” Justice told the crowd he had met with Trump twice at the White House in the past several weeks to present ideas on coal and manufacturing.    “He’s got a backbone. He’s got real ideas. He cares about America. He cares about us in West Virginia,” Justice said of Trump, a fellow billionaire businessman. Trump, who earlier in the day promised a “very big announcement” at the rally, welcomed Justice into the party’s ranks.  “Having big Jim as a Republican is such an honor,” Trump said of the 6-foot-7-inch governor. With Justice changing his affiliation, there are now 34 Republican governors, 15 Democrats and one independent. Republicans will now control both the legislature and the governorship in 26 of the 50 states. Republicans control both houses of the West Virginia legislature.  ",1
2313,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 4) - West Virginia, Toyota, Mazda","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  [0019 EDT] - Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing! [0602 EDT] - ....and don’t forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. [0621 EDT] - Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation “busting” to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform! [0626 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2314,"In blustery call, Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump pressured the Mexican president to stop voicing opposition in public to his plan to have Mexico pay for a border wall, according to transcripts of phone calls published on Thursday that gave an insight into Trump’s attempts to influence foreign leaders in his first days in office. The Washington Post published texts of sometimes fraught calls with Mexico’s Enrique Pena Nieto and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull just days after the Republican took office on Jan. 20. The substance of the calls has previously been reported but the lengthy transcripts reveal Trump, whose first elected office is the presidency, trying to use a mixture of bluster, tough talk and charm as he fully enters the world of diplomacy. Trump argued with Turnbull over refugees in an acrimonious call on Jan. 28 which the new U.S. president told his counterpart was “unpleasant.” In a Jan. 27 call, Trump pressed Pena Nieto to avoid saying in public that Mexico would not fund the planned border wall. But he complimented the Mexican leader’s “beautiful words” and said he hoped Mexico would change its constitution to allow Pena Nieto to extend his stay in office. The proposed wall, aimed at preventing illegal immigration to the United States, is a bone of contention between Mexico and Washington. Pena Nieto has repeatedly rejected Trump’s promise that Mexico will end up paying billions of dollars for its construction.      Trump told the Mexican leader in the call that “if you are going to say that Mexico is not going to pay for the wall, then I do not want to meet with you guys anymore because I cannot live with that,” according to the transcript.  “You cannot say that to the press,” Trump said.     Pena Nieto had earlier scrapped a plan to hold talks with Trump in the United States due to tensions over the wall and trade. The two men have since met, holding talks at a summit of the Group of 20 nations in Germany last month.             The White House has said the U.S. government will pay for the wall initially to get the project off the ground but that Mexico will eventually reimburse it for the work.      Both the White House and Mexico’s foreign ministry did not have any immediate comment on Thursday about the release of the call transcripts. It was the latest in a series of leaks from inside Trump’s administration which have angered the president. The Republican won some sympathy over leaks from a political opponent on Thursday.  “I am alarmed at leaks of conversations between two heads of state,” Democratic U.S. Senator Brian Schatz wrote on Twitter. “It doesn’t matter what I think of this president, this is terrible.”  In the conversation with Pena Nieto, Trump said both leaders were “in a little bit of a political bind” due to Trump’s campaign pledge to build the wall and have Mexico foot the bill. “I have to have Mexico pay for the wall – I have to. I have been talking about it for a two-year period,” Trump said.                     He suggested that the two men avoid the issue of paying for the wall when asked.     “They are going to say, ‘Who is going to pay for the wall, Mr. President?’ to both of us, and we should both say, ‘We will work it out,’” Trump said. “It will work out in the formula somehow. As opposed to you saying, ‘We will not pay’ and me saying, ‘We will not pay,’” the U.S. president said.    Pena Nieto said he understood Trump’s position on how to refer to paying for the border wall and suggested seeking “a creative way to jump over this obstacle.” Toward the end of their conversation, Trump responded effusively to a comment by Pena Nieto about the Mexican leader’s wish for a constructive relationship with the United States.     “Your words are so beautiful. Those are beautiful words and I do not think I can speak that beautifully, okay?” Trump said. “I want you to be so popular that your people will call for a constitutional amendment in Mexico so that you can run again for another six years,” he said. By law, Mexican presidents can only serve one six-year term. ‘DRUG INFESTED-DEN’ In comments likely to upset voters in New Hampshire - an important early voting state in the U.S. presidential election primaries - Trump described the state as “a drug-infested den.”  “I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den,” he said, complaining that drugs from Mexico are damaging the United States. While Trump won the Republican primary there, he narrowly lost the state to Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the general election.     New Hampshire officials from both parties lashed out at Trump, with several saying his push to repeal the Obamacare healthcare law would worsen the nation’s opioid crisis. Speaking to Australia’s Turnbull, Trump became irritated that the United States was expected to honor an agreement made by his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, to accept as many as 1,250 refugees held in Australian processing centers on remote Pacific islands. Trump said that would make him look bad given his campaign promises to reduce the number of refugees entering the United States, according to the transcript. “This is going to kill me. I am the world’s greatest person that does not want to let people into the country,” Trump said.        Seeking to win Trump’s support, Turnbull on Friday said Washington could honor the deal while taking as few as 100 refugees from the two offshore centers, should the rest fail to satisfy its vetting. “It has always been subject to American vetting procedures,” Turnbull told reporters in Western Australia state. “Those procedures from the Department of Homeland Security are ongoing.” The dialogue was a “frank conversation between adults”, he added. Trump told Turnbull that their conversation was the most difficult he had held that day, after speaking to Russian President Vladimir Putin and others. “I have had it. I have been making these calls all day and this is the most unpleasant call all day,” Trump said. “Putin was a pleasant call. This is ridiculous.” ",1
2315,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (August 3) - Stock market, Russia","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn’t just happen! [0808 EDT] - I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow. [0812 EDT] - Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can’t even give us HCare! [0818 EDT] - See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: www.DonaldJ.Trump.com [1204 EDT] - Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA [1403 EDT] - Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: mobile.va.gov/appstore. [1507 EDT] - Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA [1852 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2316,Senate approves two FCC nominees as it reviews Obama rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday unanimously confirmed two nominees to serve on the Federal Communications Commission as the Trump administration looks to reverse many Obama-era telecommunications regulations. Brendan Carr, a Republican who is general counsel at the FCC  and Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, were both confirmed by voice vote, bringing the five-member FCC to full strength and giving Republicans a 3-2 majority. Rosenworcel served as a commissioner for the regulator until the end of 2016 when lawmakers failed to take up her renomination under former President Barack Obama. The FCC, which since January has been controlled by Republicans by a 2-1 margin, is working to reverse a number of Obama-era telecommunications regulations, including the landmark 2015 net-neutrality rules prohibiting broadband providers from giving or selling access to certain internet services over others.  The Senate did not immediately vote to reconfirm FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to another term, even though he appeared at a confirmation hearing in July with the other nominees. Pai would need to leave the commission by the end of the year if he were not reconfirmed. In a statement, Pai praised Rosenworcel and Carr’s confirmations and said they have “distinguished records of public service and will be valuable assets to the FCC in the years to come. Their experience at the FCC makes them particularly well-suited to hit the ground running.” Pai, chosen by Trump in January to head the agency, also has said he wants to dismantle other significant regulations as part of a sweeping review he said would remove barriers to business and modernize rules. Pai also plans significant changes to local TV ownership limits and plans other changes to media regulations. Democrats insisted Republicans had agreed in 2015 to reconfirm Rosenworcel as part of a deal to confirm FCC Commissioner Mike O’Rielly. Republicans denied there was a deal but the standoff had delayed consideration of telecommunications legislation in the Senate. Under Pai, the FCC chose not to review AT&T Inc’s planned $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc.  The FCC is currently reviewing Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc’s proposed $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media Co, one of the largest U.S. TV station operators.  ",1
2317,"Senate confirms two FERC commissioners, restoring its quorum","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed Neil Chatterjee and Robert Powelson as members of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, restoring a quorum to the agency.  “After six months, we have finally restored a working quorum to FERC,” Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, said in a statement. The commission lost its quorum in February when Commissioner Norman Bay stepped down. Chatterjee has been an adviser to Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, and Powelson a member of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Murkowski said she had scheduled a committee hearing for Sept. 7 for two additional nominees President Donald Trump has put forth for FERC - Kevin McIntyre and Richard Glick.  ",1
2318,Senate confirms new USAID administrator Mark Green,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed former congressman Mark Green as President Donald Trump’s choice to lead the U.S. Agency for International Development at a time the administration is proposing cuts in foreign aid and a reorganization of the agency. Green was a Republican U.S. representative from Wisconsin from 1999 to 2007, ambassador to Tanzania under former President George W. Bush, and president of the International Republican Institute, where he sought to promote democracy and governance overseas. His term at the main U.S. aid agency starts amid Trump administration plans for a 31 percent cut in the budget of USAID and the State Department, a major refugee crisis spilling into Europe and the Middle East from wars in Syria and Iraq, and famine and drought in parts of Africa that have displaced tens of thousands of people. The agency announced on Thursday the second round of funding for more drought-stricken countries in Africa. Green’s appointment has been widely applauded by development experts and aid groups. “Green’s confirmation is a sign of hope that if we are entering a period of triage when it comes to many USAID programs, we will at least have a responsible actor overseeing this difficult and fraught process, and hopefully one who will stand firm on behalf of his agency’s critical mission,” said Scott Morris, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development and a former U.S. Treasury official. Abby Maxman, president of the Oxfam America development group, said Green had a long track record in international development that was needed at a time of “unprecedented global crisis from refugees to hunger and climate changes.” ",1
2319,INSTANT VIEW: Reactions to grand jury subpoenas regarding Donald Trump Jr.,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grand jury subpoenas have been issued in connection with a June 2016 meeting that included President Donald Trump’s son, his son-in-law and a Russian lawyer, two sources told Reuters on Thursday, in a sign that special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation is gathering pace. The sources added that Mueller had convened a grand jury in Washington to help investigate allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. “Bonds view this as a flight to quality while stocks had a minor hiccup. The Euro is near the highs of the day. This makes the placement of Treasuries going into tomorrow’s employment number at the recent highs, not a good risk reward.” JIM PAULSEN, CHIEF INVESTMENT STRATEGIST, THE LEUTHOLD GROUP, MINNEAPOLIS: “We’re going to get a fair number of these headlines. It’s going to take a while, whatever happens. Anything that represents volatility is an automatic sell (for stocks).  “I’m not even sure if beyond the volatility there’s much of Wall Street that would get terribly upset if (Trump) got impeached. That would give them (current Vice President Mike) Pence, and likely full power for Republicans and maybe some policies being enacted including health care, tax reform and a fiscal spending program. Even reinforce less regulations. “From a Wall Street standpoint I can’t say over the long term that (a Trump impeachment) would be a bad result for stocks. The uncertainty of going through it all would be a negative, but I’m not sure the market would remain lower for long, assuming all else is equal.”  AXEL MERK, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER OF MERK INVESTMENTS IN PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA: “Given that Trump’s approval rating is very low, and given that it might be all but impossible to find a jury that hasn’t heard of the allegations, odds are this jury might be leaning against Trump. This is yet a negative for the administration, and with that, if recent months are any guide, it is a negative for the dollar. And so yes, sure enough, the euro rallied on this. This is good news for the euro, this should be good news for gold…and it is ultimately a negative also for risk assets only for the reason that the Trump agenda has ever more difficulty of being realized because it does weaken the presidency. The hopes for real growth picking up are just diminishing the more headwinds the administration is getting.” CHRIS ZACCARELLI, CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER, CORNERSTONE FINANCIAL PARTNERS, HUNTERSVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA:    “To the extent that people are afraid something will happen to the presidency of the United States, whether that brings us closer to impeachment or serves as a further distraction for the administration, neither of those are good for the markets or a risk-on position.” “It’s more distraction for the White House and less stability … It definitely was market moving. The timing lines up perfectly.  The immediate drop was probably computer driven but people aren’t taking advantage of the dip.” JUAN PEREZ, CURRENCY STRATEGIST, TEMPUS INC, WASHINGTON DC:  “The world is paying attention and ultimately currencies are weighed to measure the stability of a country, whether you can have faith in what’s going on or not … I think with this investigation and the constant bombardment of news out of the White House the rest of the world is starting to see this image of somewhat of an unstable U.S., which is somewhat unprecedented. And now politics, even more than economic data, is really a driver of dollar weakness.” “What’s really going to weigh heavily on the dollar for the remainder of the year is that as long as this investigation continues and there is a probe and the White House continues to work on everything except the economic agenda it’s going to weigh heavily on the dollar. The reaction was certainly immediate (to the news). Looking at it long-term, is this going to affect the dollar in a negative way? Absolutely it is.” STOCKS: U.S. stocks extended losses, with the S&P falling around 0.2 percent after the news, then tracking back slightly.  BONDS:  U.S. bond yields fell to session lows.  FOREX:  The US dollar index fell around 0.17 percent in the minutes after the news, then tracked back slightly.   ",1
2320,Congress heads into break with Republican promises unfulfilled,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A five-week summer break might sound sweet to many people, but maybe not to the 292 Republicans in Congress who leave Washington with none of their major legislative goals achieved after six months in power alongside President Donald Trump. With Congress due to be closed until Sept. 5, voters may ask: What happened to repealing and replacing Obamacare? Overhauling the tax code? Investing more money in job-creating infrastructure projects? The awkward answer for Republican lawmakers and Trump is “not much.” Despite having control of the White House, the Senate and the House of Representatives since the November 2016 elections, Republicans have not delivered on their biggest campaign promises. Distracted by a probe of possible ties between his campaign and Russian meddling in the election, among many other issues he tweets about, Trump has yet to propose any major legislation since his Jan. 20 inauguration. Some Republicans fear voters will punish their party in the November 2018 elections for inaction now, and that congressional losses would make it even harder for Trump to get things done in 2019-2020, the second half of his four-year term. Republicans’ failure to repeal Obamacare “is going to be difficult to explain to the (Republican) base,” former Senate Majority Tom Daschle, a Democrat, said in a recent interview.   There are some achievements for Republicans to point to, including the Senate confirmation in April of Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court, conservative judge Neil Gorsuch. This week, congressional Democrats and Republicans also pressured Trump into enacting a Russia-Iran-North Korea sanctions bill. Lawmakers also managed to pass bills to improve veterans’ healthcare and renew a Food and Drug Administration funding stream for reviewing drug safety. The Senate confirmed a new FBI director and Congress also repealed 14 Obama-era regulations. But as Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina told reporters, he and his fellow Republicans “lack traction” on major legislation. “We have not done well on the big events.” When Congress returns in early September, Republicans want to focus on taxes. But a comprehensive tax reform initiative remains under wraps amid deep divisions in the party. There has been no movement on legislation to finance the rebuilding of roads, bridges, airports and other infrastructure. Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, who faces a possible tough re-election next year, said Trump remains popular among voters in her state, which he carried by 36 points in November. “They’re grateful for the rollback of what we all considered onerous regulations against industry; onerous overreach by EPA (Environmental Protection Agency),” Heitkamp said of the regulations then-President Barack Obama imposed before leaving office, which Trump and Congress nullified. Republicans want to pass a budget blueprint for the fiscal year beginning on Oct. 1, an action that was supposed to have been taken care of long before the summer recess. Without the measure, Republican legislation rewriting the U.S. tax code might not advance. There are serious disagreements among Republicans about long-term spending levels, however. Also ominous are the party’s rifts over funding the government near-term and avoiding Oct. 1 federal agency shutdowns. And there is the problem of raising Washington’s borrowing limit. Failure could trigger a historic U.S. default. Those and other issues will be taken up next month. But in the run-up to the summer break the Senate did manage to close ranks and unanimously pass a resolution proclaiming Sept. 25 as National Lobster Day. ",1
2321,Senate votes to confirm slate of three CFTC commissioners,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to confirm two Republicans and one Democrat to serve on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the top U.S derivatives regulator. In a voice vote, the Senate approved the nominations of Republican Chris Giancarlo to serve as CFTC chairman, as well as Republican Brian Quintenz and Democrat Rostin “Russ” Behnam to serve as commissioners. However, the Senate did not vote to confirm another Republican nominee, Dawn Stump.  A Senate Democratic aide, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Stump was not on the slate of nominees because the party did not want to approve a total of three Republican commissioners and only one Democrat. That would leave the CFTC with just one Democratic commissioner because the other one, Sharon Bowen, announced recently that she planned to step down soon. The aide added that once Republican President Donald Trump selects a second Democrat to replace Bowen, then that person’s nomination will likely be approved along with Stump’s. Giancarlo has already been serving as acting CFTC chairman since Trump took office in January. In a statement, Giancarlo said he was “humbled” by the bipartisan support for him in the Senate. ",1
2322,"Russia's Lavrov, U.S.'s Tillerson to meet August 6-8: Russian foreign ministry","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will discuss the current state of relations between Moscow and Washington at a meeting in Manila next week, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday. The two statesmen agreed to talk on the sidelines of an ASEAN regional security summit scheduled for Aug. 6-8 in Manila, the ministry said.  In a phone call on Thursday, they discussed the situation in North Korea and a range of global issues, it added.  ",1
2323,Russia: Pence Balkans comments expose Washington's Cold War ideology,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Accusations made by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence that Russia is working to divide the Balkans from the West are destabilizing southern Europe and expose Washington’s Cold War mentality, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday. Pence made the comments on Wednesday in Montenegro on the final leg of a tour designed to reassure Eastern Europe of Washington’s commitment to its security despite doubts sowed by U.S. President Donald Trump’s lukewarm support for NATO. “It is regrettable to note that Washington is sliding ever deeper into the primitive ideology of the Cold War era, which is completely detached from reality,” the ministry said. It had called on the United States to stop defaming Russia and its foreign policy, which it said was based on respect for allies and a readiness to work with international partners, the ministry said in a statement.  Trump signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the new U.S. administration. ",1
2324,"Exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in relation to Russian lawyer, Trump Jr. meeting  - sources","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grand jury subpoenas have been issued in connection with the June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., a Russian lawyer and others, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday. The sources also said special counsel Robert Mueller had convened a grand jury in Washington to investigate allegations of Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections. ",1
2325,Senate approves five Treasury nominees,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed five of President Donald Trump’s U.S. Treasury nominees, including the top officials for international affairs and tax policy, easing a shortage of top political appointees in the department. The Senate confirmed by unanimous voice vote: David Malpass as Undersecretary for International Affairs; David Kautter as Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy; Brent McIntosh as General Counsel; Christopher Campbell as Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions and Andrew Maloney as Deputy Undersecretary for Legislative Affairs.  ",1
2326,U.S. Justice Department to cities: Focus on crime committed by illegal immigrants,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. cities that refuse to step up efforts to focus on crimes committed by illegal immigrants will not be allowed to participate in a new crime reduction training program unveiled earlier this year by the Justice Department, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Thursday. In making the announcement, Sessions singled out four local police departments that had expressed interest in the new Public Safety Partnership Program, saying they first had to answer a list of questions by Aug. 18 confirming they do not have any “sanctuary” policies to shield illegal immigrants from possible deportation by ensuring they will allow federal immigration officials access to local jails. “Cities and states with so-called ‘sanctuary’ policies make all of us less safe,” Sessions said. The four police departments that must respond are Albuquerque, New Mexico; Baltimore, Maryland; and San Bernardino and Stockton, California. “Baltimore is a welcoming city. We do not enforce federal immigration laws,” said Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis, adding that when cities were initially selected for the program, there was no formal selection process and that Baltimore does not control the local jail. Jarrod Burguan, the police chief of San Bernardino, said his department first expressed interest in a similar program during the Obama administration, and remains interested in participating. He added San Bernardino is not a “sanctuary” city, it does not control the local jail, and he will answer the department’s questions. Representatives from the other two police departments did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Sessions’ announcement reflects part of a broader policy push by President Donald Trump to crack down on illegal immigration.  He has urged Congress to support funding the building of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, and the administration has moved to dramatically widen the net of illegal immigrants targeted for deportation. The National Public Safety Partnership is a program launched in June that involves a three-year initiative geared toward areas with high rates of violent crime. Twelve cities were selected when it was first launched. Some municipalities have pushed back against the Trump administration’s immigration policies. A U.S. judge last month refused to remove a block on an executive order by Trump that would have withheld federal funds from sanctuary cities, which do not use municipal funds or resources to help advance the enforcement of federal immigration laws. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez on Thursday called on U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to stop making arrests in courthouses amid concerns it has a chilling effect on local policing and is sweeping up those with low-level misdemeanor cases. Rachael Yong Yow, an ICE spokeswoman, said the agency’s arrests are carried out “on a case-by-case basis.” ",1
2327,Mueller impanels Washington grand jury in Russia probe: Wall Street Journal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington to investigate allegations of Russia’s interference in the 2016 elections, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing two unnamed people familiar with the matter. The grand jury began its work in recent weeks and is a sign that Mueller’s inquiry into Russia’s efforts to influence the election and whether it colluded with President Donald Trump’s campaign is ramping up, the Journal said. ",1
2328,Angry and inspired: Democrats train new wave of candidates,"ROCKVILLE, Md. (Reuters) - The 100 Democratic women who packed into a suburban Maryland conference room recently for a one-day training on how to run for political office were more than activists eager to battle President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans. The teachers, students and business leaders were also a window into the future for a Democratic Party desperate for new blood, and into the booming effort to turn the left’s grassroots anti-Trump activism into a new wave of Democratic officeholders. As thousands of potential first-time candidates explore  political bids in what Democratic veterans say is an unprecedented surge of activity, a broad but informal network of groups is beefing up efforts to train them for the task. The goal: turning neophytes into successful politicians who can win, giving the party a deep and diverse bench of up-and-coming progressive talent at all levels of government. “This era of Trump has made everybody just want to run for office, and it’s not easy,” said Josh Morrow, executive director of 314 Action, which since its founding last year has heard from about 6,000 scientists, engineers and mathematicians exploring  political runs and trained nearly 500 of them. “No matter how accomplished people are, they need help when they first run,” Morrow said. The surge of interest has given dispirited Democrats, long criticized as a top-heavy party lacking fresh faces, hope for a renaissance at the local and state levels after repeated setbacks under President Barack Obama. Building from the ground up, from the school board to the statehouse, is a party priority after losing nearly 1,000 state legislative seats in the last eight years. Republicans also control the White House, both chambers of Congress and 33 governor’s offices, the most in nearly a century. “Local offices matter, and as Democrats we have sort of forgotten that,” said Amanda Litman, a staffer on Democrat Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign who founded the group Run for Something after the 2016 election to recruit and prepare millennials for office. For first-timers, the initial enthusiasm for public service can quickly give way to worried questions about the logistics of building a fundraising list, utilizing social media and crafting a message. “I knew I had a steep learning curve,” said Thereasa Black, a lawyer and Navy veteran running for the U.S. Congress from Maryland. She attended the Rockville session run by Emerge America, which prepares women for office. “This is a way to find people who are like-minded and going through what you are, and can help you,” she said. A Republican spokesman said Democrats would need more than training and fresh faces to gain ground in next year’s midterm elections given the losses of first-time Democratic candidates in special congressional races in Georgia and Montana earlier this year. “The challenges that Democrats face go much deeper and come down to fundraising and messaging,” said Rick Gorka, a spokesman for the Republican National Committee, which sponsored a training program for about 4,500 volunteer field staff and operatives last year. Geoffrey Dittberner, 30, said he had volunteered on campaigns before deciding to run for the Minnesota legislature, but he was still unprepared for being a candidate before he was accepted into Run for Something’s training program. “There were so many things I didn’t know - fundraising, setting up a campaign organization - but they made it pretty easy,” he said. The group’s Slack application gave him access to a variety of resources, from tutorials to mentors and peer networks, discussion groups and on-call experts, he said. Aside from new groups like 314 Action and Run for Something, about a dozen established organizations that have long offered training to progressive candidates also have been flooded with interest since Trump’s election. Emily’s List, which for years has trained women candidates who favor abortion rights, has hired five more staffers this year for a reconstituted training unit. It already has heard from 16,000 women interested in becoming candidates this year, compared to 920 in 2016. Emerge America has seen applications jump by 87 percent and added five new state chapters. The Maryland state chapter, which ran the one-day course in Rockville, had trained 250 women by mid-year. Last year, it trained 55. At Emerge’s Rockville session, candidates were encouraged to listen more than they talk and delve into their own experiences to explain what motivated them to run. “When we tap into our own personal story, we relate better to people in our community,” Diane Fink, executive director for Emerge Maryland, told the class. She asked them to put together a three-minute story that explains how they got started. While Democrats nationally have battled over their core message, most of the training programs say they avoid telling candidates specifically what issues to emphasize. “First and foremost you should be talking about what matters to voters, not to you,” said veteran Democratic strategist Kelly Dietrich, who founded the National Democratic Training Committee last year to offer free online training for any Democrat running for any office. So far, more than 6,000 have signed up. ",1
2329,"Factbox: Highlights of Trump's calls with leaders of Mexico, Australia","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shortly after his inauguration, U.S. President Donald Trump urged Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to stop saying Mexico would not pay for a border wall, according to a transcript of a call between the two leaders published by the Washington Post on Thursday.  The Post also published a transcript of a contentious call between Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, in which the two leaders tangled over an agreement for the United States to accept as many 1,250 refugees held in Australia. (For the transcripts, see: wapo.st/2v2KGrp) Here  are some highlights of Trump’s reported comments during the calls: Jan. 27 Trump call with Pena Nieto - Trump threatens to end talks with Mexico, if Pena Nieto continues to say Mexico will not pay for wall “We cannot say that anymore because if you are going to say that Mexico is not going to pay for the wall, then I do not want to meet with you guys anymore because I cannot live with that. I am willing to say that we will work it out, but that means it will come out in the wash and that is okay. But you cannot say anymore that the United States is going to pay for the wall,” Trump said. - Trump tells Pena Nieto that the United States has a very good trade relationship with Canada “Well, Canada is no problem – do not worry about Canada, do not even think about them. That is a separate thing and they are fine and we have had a very fair relationship with Canada. It has been much more balanced and much more fair. So we do not have to worry about Canada, we do not even think about them,” Trump said. - Trump tells Pena Nieto that Mexico has some “tough hombres” “You have some pretty tough hombres in Mexico that you may need help with, and we are willing to help you with that big-league. But they have to be knocked out and you have not done a good job of knocking them out,” Trump said. “So we have to work together to knock that out. And I know this is a tough group of people, and maybe your military is afraid of them, but our military is not afraid of them, and we will help you with that 100 percent because it is out of control – totally out of control,” he said. - Trump talks to Pena Nieto about the importance of the wall “Believe it or not, this is the least important thing that we are talking about, but politically this might be the most important talk about,” Trump said. - Trump on New Hampshire “And we have the drug lords in Mexico that are knocking the hell out of our country. They are sending drugs to Chicago, Los Angeles, and to New York. Up in New Hampshire – I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den – is coming from the southern border,” Trump said. Jan. 28 Trump call with Turnbull - Trump blasts refugee agreement “And I am saying, boy that will make us look awfully bad. Here I am calling for a ban where I am not letting anybody in and we take 2,000 people. Really it looks like 2,000 people that Australia does not want and I do not blame you by the way, but the United States has become like a dumping ground,” Trump said. “This is going to kill me. I am the world’s greatest person that does not want to let people into the country. And now I am agreeing to take 2,000 people and I agree I can vet them, but that puts me in a bad position. It makes me look so bad and I have only been here a week,” Trump said. “I will say I hate it. Look, I spoke to Putin, Merkel, Abe of Japan, to France today, and this was my most unpleasant call because I will be honest with you. I hate taking these people. I guarantee you they are bad. That is why they are in prison right now. They are not going to be wonderful people who go on to work for the local milk people,” Trump said. “I have had it. I have been making these calls all day and this is the most unpleasant call all day. Putin was a pleasant call. This is ridiculous,” Trump said.    ",1
2330,Trump administration wants clean debt ceiling hike: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House budget director Mick Mulvaney has disclosed that the entire Trump administration is now on board with a “clean” debt ceiling increase, without spending cuts, a CNBC reporter said on Thursday in a tweet. The reporter, John Harwood, also tweeted that Mulvaney said the administration will not raise taxes on wealthy individuals.     ",1
2331,Senate reauthorizes FDA to collect fees from drugmakers,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday passed a bill allowing the Food and Drug Administration to continue collecting fees from drug companies to review new product applications. The FDA Reauthorization Act renews an existing law that expires on Sept. 30 and which provides the majority of FDA funds used to review pharmaceuticals and determine whether they are safe and effective. The Senate passed the bill by a vote of 94-1. It was passed last month in the House of Representatives. Separately, the Senate passed a so-called right-to-try bill designed to allow terminally ill patients access to unapproved medications and to provide immunity for physicians willing to administer the treatments. The House has not yet passed that bill. ",1
2332,"Trump, frustrated by Afghan war, suggests firing U.S. commander: officials"," WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s doubts about the war in Afghanistan has led to a delay in completing a new U.S. strategy in South Asia, skepticism that included a suggestion that the U.S. military commander in the region be fired, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.  During a July 19 meeting in the White House Situation Room, Trump demanded that his top national security aides provide more information on what one official called “the end-state” in a country where the United States has spent 16 years fighting against the Taliban with no end in sight.  The meeting grew stormy when Trump said Defense Secretary James Mattis and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford, a Marine general, should consider firing Army General John Nicholson, commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, for not winning the war.  “We aren’t winning,” he told them, according to the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  RELATED COVERAGE Commentary: Steve Bannon is right on Afghanistan Commentary: The road to Afghanistan peace does not lie in Kabul In addition, once the meeting concluded, Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, got into what one official called “a shouting match” with White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster over the direction of U.S. policy.  Some officials left the meeting “stunned” by the president’s vehement complaints that the military was allowing the United States to lose the war.  Mattis, McMaster and other top aides are putting together answers to Trump’s questions in a way to try to get him to approve the strategy, the officials said.  The White House had no comment on the accounts of the meeting.  Another meeting of top aides is scheduled on Thursday.  Although Trump earlier this year gave Mattis the authority to deploy U.S. military forces as he sees fit, in fact the defense secretary’s plans to add around 4,000 more U.S. troops to the 8,400 currently deployed in Afghanistan are being caught up in the delay surrounding the strategy, the officials said.  “It’s been contingent all along informally on the strategy being approved,” a senior administration official said of the troop deployment.  Trump has long been a skeptic of lingering U.S. involvement in foreign wars and has expressed little interest in deploying military forces without a specific plan on what they will do and for how long.  Officials said Trump argued that the United States should demand a share of Afghanistan’s estimated $1 trillion in mineral wealth in exchange for its assistance to the Afghan government.  But other officials noted that without securing the entire country, which could take many years, there is no way to get the country’s mineral riches to market, except to Iran. Trump complained that the Chinese are profiting from their mining operations, the officials said.  ",1
2333,Trump and senators seek to slash legal immigration,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - After a crackdown on illegal immigration that has sharply reduced the number of unauthorized border crossings from Mexico, U.S. President Donald Trump is now turning his attention to reducing the number of legal immigrants in the country. The White House is throwing its support behind a bill developed by Republican senators Tom Cotton of Arkansas and David Perdue of Georgia that would cut legal immigration by 50 percent over 10 years by reducing the kinds of relatives immigrants can bring into the country.  But the legislation faces an uphill climb to get through Congress where some senior Republicans back comprehensive immigration reform, not a tough crackdown. Under the new bill, known as the RAISE Act, the United States would prioritize high-skilled immigrants by setting up a merits-based system similar to those used by Canada and Australia.  Trump and the Republican lawmakers blasted the current immigration system as out of date and argued that it hurts American workers by driving down wages. “This competitive application process will favor applicants who can speak English, financially support themselves and their families and demonstrate skills that will contribute to our economy,” Trump said. The Senators said they worked closely with the White House on this latest version of their bill. “This is probably our third or fourth visit to the Oval Office to work with President Trump,” Cotton told reporters. Slashing legal immigration has long been pushed by low-immigration advocacy groups in Washington like NumbersUSA and the ideas have been backed by now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who is now facing public criticism from Trump. NumbersUSA President Roy Beck hailed the bill and said that it “will do more than any other action to fulfill President Trump’s promises as a candidate.” Trump vowed to crack down on illegal immigration during his campaign and signed two executive orders soon after taking office to increase border security and interior enforcement. Cotton and Perdue said their bill does not affect temporary visas for workers in certain tech sectors and seasonal jobs that are popular with many businesses. They stressed that the legislation was narrowly focused, an approach they hoped would be able to get bipartisan support. “We’re not trying to boil the ocean here and change everything about our immigration law,” Cotton said. But other Republican lawmakers said the bill might be going too far. Senator Lindsey Graham, from South Carolina, said his state is dependent on immigrant labor to sustain the two biggest sectors of the economy, agriculture and tourism.       Economists have called into the question the benefits of cutting legal immigration. FWD.us, a group that represents the tech industry said that the bill would “severely harm the economy.”       The bill aims to end the diversity visa lottery, which allows 50,000 people from underrepresented countries to obtain green cards.  It also sets a 50,000 annual cap on refugees, instead of a level mandated by the president.  Refugee organizations said permanently limiting number of refugees allowed in the country goes against an American value of offering safe haven to people fleeing violence and oppression.  Trump suggested at an event in New York’s Long Island on Friday, where he spoke out against violence committed by Central American gang members, that immigrants today are different than in previous generations.    “What happened to the old days when people came into this country and they worked and they worked and they worked and they had families and paid taxes and they did all sorts of things and their families got stronger and they were closely knit?” Trump asked the audience of law enforcement officers. “We don’t see that.”      ",1
2334,"Trump signs Russia sanctions bill, Moscow calls it 'trade war'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump grudgingly signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the Trump administration. Congress overwhelmingly approved the legislation last week, passing a measure that conflicts with the Republican president’s desire to improve relations with Moscow. Trump signed the bill behind closed doors, without the fanfare that has customarily accompanied his signing of executive orders. He criticized the measure as infringing on his powers to shape foreign policy, and said he could make “far better deals” with governments than Congress can. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev called the sanctions tantamount to a “full-scale trade war,” adding in a Facebook post that they showed the Trump administration had demonstrated “utter powerlessness.” “The hope that our relations with the new American administration would improve is finished,” he wrote. Trump’s litany of concerns about the sanctions, which also affect Iran and North Korea, raised the question of how vigorously Trump will implement them regarding Russia. “While I favor tough measures to punish and deter aggressive and destabilizing behavior by Iran, North Korea, and Russia, this legislation is significantly flawed,” Trump said in a message to lawmakers known as a signing statement. He also issued a statement for the press about the bill. The new law allows Congress, which passed the measure to punish Russia over interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea, to halt any effort by Trump to ease sanctions on Russia.  His hands were tied after the Republican-controlled Congress approved the legislation by such a large margin last week that any presidential veto of the bill would have been overridden. The legislation provoked countermeasures by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who said on Sunday that the U.S. diplomatic mission in Russia must reduce its staff by 755 people. Russia is also seizing two properties near Moscow used by American diplomats. Trump has repeatedly said he wants to improve relations with Russia. That desire has been stymied by U.S. intelligence agencies’ findings that Russia interfered to help the Republican against Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. U.S. congressional panels and a special counsel are investigating. Moscow denies any meddling and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the signing, saying it would send “a powerful message to our adversaries that they will be held accountable.” In his statements on the sanctions law, Trump complained about what he said was congressional infringement on the president’s constitutional power to set foreign policy, saying the law reflected congressional “preferences” rather than a legal mandate. “It is flagging those areas where the administration sees itself as having wiggle room to underenforce the law by citing claimed constitutional concerns,” said Harold Koh, a Yale Law School professor who was a legal adviser to the State Department during the Obama administration. The House’s top Democrat, Nancy Pelosi, said the signing statement “raises serious questions about whether his administration intends to follow the law.” Trump said he was elected partly because of his successes in business, adding, “As President, I can make far better deals with foreign countries than Congress.” Trump’s signing statement was the latest in a series of mixed signals from the administration on Russia. “I feel like there’s several policies being implemented at once, and they’re not very compatible with one another. This is one more,” said Olga Oliker, a Russia expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a think tank based in Washington. Vice President Mike Pence, touring Baltic countries adjacent to Russia, has followed a hawkish line. Pence said Trump’s signing of the legislation would show that Congress and the president were “speaking with a unified voice” on Russia. However, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, like Trump, has been critical of the legislation. “The action by the Congress to put these sanctions in place and the way they did, neither the president nor I were very happy about that,” Tillerson said on Tuesday. The sanctions will affect a range of Russian industries and might further hurt Russia’s economy, already weakened by 2014 sanctions imposed after the annexation of Crimea. Besides angering Moscow, the legislation has upset the European Union, which has said the new sanctions might affect its energy security and prompt it to retaliate if needed. Several provisions of the law target the Russian energy sector, with new limits on U.S. investment in Russian companies. American companies also would be barred from participating in energy exploration projects where Russian firms have a stake of 33 percent or higher.  The legislation includes sanctions on foreign companies investing in or helping Russian energy exploration, although the president could waive those sanctions.  It would give the Trump administration the option of imposing sanctions on companies helping develop Russian export pipelines, such as the Nord Stream 2 pipeline carrying natural gas to Europe, in which German companies are involved. ",1
2335,Russian pipeline monopoly says will weather well U.S. sanctions,"NIZHNEBUREISKY, Russia (Reuters) - New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia will do no harm to Russia’s pipeline monopoly Transneft, Transneft CEO Nikolai Tokarev said on Thursday, echoing a similar optimistic statement by the head of Russia’s largest oil firm Rosneft. U.S. President Donald Trump grudgingly signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the Trump administration. “This will not affect us in any way. We have already considered and studied all this,” Tokarev told reporters, commenting on the U.S. sanctions law. “I believe these sanctions will not acquire a painful and sensitive form to hurt us.”     About 94 percent of the equipment used by Transneft is produced in Russia, while some electronic equipment that the company need it buys in the Asia Pacific region, Tokarev said. “Furthermore, we do not attract external financing, we take no loans, we have enough of our own funds.” Igor Sechin, chief executive officer of Russia’s largest oil producer Rosneft, also played down on Thursday the impact of the U.S. sanctions, saying they would rather have negative consequences for the United States and backfire on U.S. energy majors. ",1
2336,"Rosneft CEO: U.S. sanctions will backfire, hurt U.S. energy majors","NIZHNEBUREISKY, Russia (Reuters) - New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia will have negative consequences for the United States and backfire on U.S. energy majors, Igor Sechin, chief executive officer of Russia’s largest oil producer Rosneft, said on Thursday. U.S. President Donald Trump grudgingly signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the Trump administration. “The sanctions are beginning to backfire on those who are introducing them, which is positive,” Sechin told reporters. “The powers of the U.S. president are limited, and sometimes it seems to me that sanctions are imposed on him, not us.” Sechin said in this situation he saw positive consequences for Rosneft. “As for the negative consequences, as I said, they (the U.S. sanctions) are starting to work against our American partners. As for the positive ones, you will learn about them in the next four weeks,” he said, without elaborating. ",1
2337,"In rare bipartisan display, Democrats back Trump on China trade probe","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three top Democratic senators, in a rare show of bipartisanship, on Wednesday urged U.S. President Donald Trump to stand up to China as he prepares to launch an inquiry into Beijing’s intellectual property and trade practices in coming days. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer pressed the Republican president to skip the investigation and go straight to trade action against China.  “We should certainly go after them,” said Schumer in a statement. Senators Ron Wyden of Oregon and Sherrod Brown of Ohio also urged Trump to rein in China. Tensions between Washington and Beijing have escalated in recent months as Trump has pressed China to cut steel production to ease global oversupply and rein in North Korea’s missile program. Sources familiar with the current discussions said Trump was expected to issue a presidential memorandum in coming days, citing Chinese theft of intellectual property as a problem. The European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern over China’s behavior on intellectual property theft.  U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) Robert Lighthizer would then initiate an investigation under the Trade Act of 1974’s Section 301, which allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries, the sources said.     It is unclear whether such a probe would result in trade sanctions against China, which Beijing would almost certainly challenge before the World Trade Organization (WTO). The Chinese Embassy in Washington said in a statement to Reuters that China “opposes unilateral actions and trade protectionism in any form.” A spokesman for China’s Ministry of Commerce told reporters in Beijing on Thursday that China puts a strong emphasis on intellectual property rights and that all WTO members should respect the rules of the organization.  “We hope the positive momentum of cooperation can continue” following recent bilateral trade talks, said commerce ministry spokesman Gao Feng.   U.S. Section 301 investigations have not led to trade sanctions since the WTO was launched in 1995. In the 1980s, Section 301 tariffs were levied against Japanese motorcycles, steel and other products. “This could merely be leverage for bilateral negotiations,” James Bacchus, a former WTO chief judge and USTR official, said of a China intellectual property probe. Some trade lawyers said that WTO does not have jurisdiction over investment rules such as China’s requirements that foreign companies transfer technology to their joint venture partners, allowing sanctions to proceed outside the WTO’s dispute settlement system. But Bacchus argued the United States has an obligation to turn first to the Geneva-based institution to resolve trade disputes, adding: “There is an obligation in WTO to enforce intellectual property rights that is not fully explored.” Lighthizer and Trump’s Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, have  complained the WTO is slow to resolve disputes and biased against the United States. The threat comes at a time when Trump has become increasingly frustrated with the level of support from Beijing to pressure Pyongyang to give up its nuclear and missile program. Trump has said in the past that China would get better treatment on trade with the United States if it acted more forcefully against Pyongyang. Beijing has said its influence on North Korea is limited. China counters that trade between the two nations benefits both sides, and that Beijing is willing to improve trade ties. A senior Chinese official said on Monday there was no link between North Korea’s nuclear program and China-U.S. trade. Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, wrote to Lighthizer urging action to stop China from pressuring U.S. tech companies into giving up intellectual property rights.  Wyden’s state of Oregon is home to several companies that could make a case regarding intellectual property rights and China, including Nike Inc and FLIR Systems Inc. ",1
2338,New White House chief of staff assures attorney general his job is safe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New White House Chief of Staff John Kelly told Attorney General Jeff Sessions last weekend that his job was safe after Sessions endured several weeks of sharp public criticism from President Donald Trump, a senior U.S. official said on Wednesday. Kelly, who was named chief of staff by Trump on Friday, phoned Sessions on Saturday to reassure him the White House wanted him to remain as head of the Justice Department, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The conversation was first reported by the Associated Press. Kelly said Trump was still annoyed with Sessions’ decision in March to recuse himself from the investigation of alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign, but there had been “kind of a thaw” in Trump’s attitude toward him, according to the official. The White House did not immediately respond to a request from Reuters for comment. The Kremlin says it did not interfere in the election, and Trump has denied any collusion. Last week, Trump assailed Sessions in a tweet as “very weak” and said he was “very disappointed” with his attorney general in a Wall Street Journal interview. When asked at a news conference last week about Sessions’ future, Trump replied: “Time will tell. Time will tell.” Republican lawmakers rallied to the defense of Sessions, a former U.S. senator from Alabama, and Trump has not mentioned him in tweets in recent days.  ",1
2339,Factbox: Canada's immigration system and targets for 2017,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - The U.S. administration is putting its support behind a bill that would reduce the number of legal immigrants into the United States and prioritize high-skilled workers by setting up a merits-based system similar to those used by Canada and Australia. To bring in skilled workers, Canada uses a points system to assess immigrants’ ability to enter the Canadian workforce. The majority of Canada’s economic immigrants this year are expected to come from this so-called express entry system.  Canada plans to allow 300,000 immigrants into the country this year. Applicants are ranked on their age, education, language ability, and work experience and earn points for each category up to 600. For example, people aged between 20-29 years get the maximum 100 points while those over 45 get zero for that category. Potential immigrants get additional points if they have a sibling who is a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. Immigrants’ spouses are assessed on the same criteria if they are also applying to come to Canada. For a full list of points awarded under the ranking system, see here With a population of about 35 million, the immigration target for 2017 amounts to 0.9 percent of the population. According to the 2011 census, 20.6 percent of the population were foreign-born and immigrated to Canada. More recent numbers for 2016 will be released later this year.        The following are Canada’s immigration targets by category for 2017. Economic				172,500		0.5 Family				       84,000		       0.2 Refugees, protected persons	40,000		       0.1 Humanitarian, other		        3,500		       0.01 Canada (2011)			        20.6 United States (2015)	        13.5* *Source: Migration Policy Institute  ",1
2340,House conservative: Tax overhaul must happen by Thanksgiving,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers must deliver tax legislation to President Donald Trump’s desk before December or lose their chance to enact bold reforms capable of driving the U.S. economy, a leading Republican conservative said on Wednesday. Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, told conservative activists that the prospects for significant tax reform would diminish as lawmakers approach the start of the 2018 congressional election campaign in January.  He said lawmakers needed to introduce tax legislation in September, pass the measure through the House of Representatives and Senate and send it to Trump’s desk by the Nov. 23 U.S. Thanksgiving holiday. “If it doesn’t get there by Thanksgiving, guys, it isn’t going to happen,” Meadows said.  The White House has said it expects the House to vote on a tax bill in October and the Senate in November. Trump’s fellow Republicans control both chambers, Analysts say the schedule could be too optimistic, because Congress is due to spend much of September and possibly October on spending bills to keep the government open and a debt ceiling increase to avoid default on sovereign U.S. debt. Lawmakers could be more likely to approve tax legislation in early 2018, the analysts say. But Meadows rejected that possibility. “The minute we go past January, everybody starts saying: ‘We can’t do anything too bold,’” he said.  Republicans plan to move tax legislation forward through a procedure known as reconciliation, which would allow the Senate to pass a bill with a simple majority. Republicans control the chamber by a 52-48 margin and would otherwise need 60 votes. The failure of Senate Republicans to find a simple majority for healthcare legislation last week has led to calls for bipartisan tax reform.   White House budget director Mick Mulvaney shot down that idea earlier on Wednesday.  “A tax bill looks a lot weaker, a lot less likely to get us to 3 percent economic growth, if we’ve got eight, 10, 12, 14 Democrats on it,” he told Fox News. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell rejected a Democratic overture for broad bipartisanship on Tuesday. On Wednesday, he still hoped some Democrats would back Republican tax legislation. “There is a great deal of bipartisan consensus about what ails our tax code, and my hope is that our friends on the other side of the aisle will join with us in a serious way,” McConnell said on the Senate floor. ",1
2341,"U.S. bans travel to North Korea from September 1, says Americans should leave","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A ban on travel by U.S. passport holders to North Korea will take effect on Sept. 1 and Americans in the country should leave  before that date, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday. Journalists and humanitarian workers may apply for exceptions to the ban, the department said in a public notice. The U.S. government last month said it would bar Americans from traveling to North Korea due to the risk of “long-term detention” there. The ban comes at a time of heightened tensions between the United States and North Korea, which has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. North Korea will become the only country to which Americans are banned from traveling. American student Otto Warmbier, sentenced last year to 15 years’ hard labor in North Korea, returned to the United States in a coma on June 13 after being released on humanitarian grounds, and died June 19. The circumstances surrounding his death are not clear, including why he fell into a coma. North Korea has said through its state media that Warmbier’s death was “a mystery” and dismissed accusations that he had died as a result of torture and beating in captivity. The State Department issued a notice in the Federal Register on Wednesday declaring U.S. passports invalid for travel to, in or through North Korea. The restriction takes effect in 30 days, and applies for one year unless extended or revoked by the secretary of state. “Persons currently in North Korea on a U.S. passport should depart North Korea before the travel restriction enters into effect on Friday, September 1, 2017,” the department said in a statement.   Professional reporters or journalists, representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross or the American Red Cross traveling on official missions, those traveling to North Korea for “compelling humanitarian considerations” and those whose requests are “in the national interest” may ask for a special validation of their passports in order to travel to the country, the State Department said.  North Korea is currently holding two Korean-American academics and a missionary, a Canadian pastor and three South Korean nationals who were doing missionary work. Japan says North Korea has also detained at least several dozen of its nationals. ",1
2342,Trump admin willing to work with Congress on war authorization: lawmakers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Officials from President Donald Trump’s administration are willing to work with Congress as it attempts to pass a new authorization for military operations against Islamic State, U.S. senators said on Wednesday. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis testified at a classified Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, as it writes an authorization for the fight against the militant group in Syria and Iraq. “They expressed a willingness to work on an authorization and I take them at their word,” Democratic Senator Chris Murphy told reporters. Earlier Wednesday, State said in a letter to the committee’s Republican chairman, Senator Bob Corker, that the administration is not seeking any additional authorization or any revisions to a 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF). “The United States has sufficient legal authority to prosecute the campaign against al-Qa’ida and associated forces, including against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria,” wrote Charles Faulkner of the Department’s Bureau of Legislative Affairs. The 2001 AUMF, passed days after the Sept. 11 attacks to authorize the fight against al Qaeda and affiliates, has been used by presidents since as the legal basis for a wide range of military action. Some members of Congress argue that it is long past time to repeal the 16-year-old authorization, especially for the campaign against Islamic State, which did not exist in 2001 and actually fights against al Qaeda in Syria and elsewhere. The Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the right to approve such military action. Lawmakers have been struggling with the White House for a bigger say in foreign policy. Corker said Tillerson and Mattis were open to a new AUMF “written in the appropriate way.” He said, “The administration’s not seeking an AUMF (but) ... I’m confident they’ll work with us.” It is not clear that any new AUMF could pass the Senate and House of Representatives. Attempts in recent years have come to nothing. There are disagreements even within the committee over how to proceed. Republican Senator Ron Johnson said he believes the 2001 authorization applies to the anti-IS campaign. Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, a leading advocate for a new AUMF, said Mattis and other military leaders agreed congressional action would send a message of resolve to U.S. adversaries and allies, and support the troops. “They think for the mission itself, it would be good to have Congress engaged,” Kaine said. ",1
2343,Tillerson to press China and ASEAN states on North Korea in Manila,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press China and other Asian countries to take tougher action against North Korea when he attends regional meetings in Manila starting this week, a senior U.S. official said on Wednesday. Susan Thornton, the acting assistant secretary of state for East Asia, said Tillerson would have the chance to engage with China’s foreign minister at the meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Manila, but had no plans to meet North Korea’s foreign minister there. Thornton said Tillerson, who is due in Manila on Saturday, would be seeking greater cooperation in isolating North Korea and in enforcing U.N. sanctions over its missile and nuclear weapons programs. She said Washington wanted to see countries “drastically” reduce their dealings with Pyongyang. “What we are trying to do is galvanize this pressure and isolate North Korea so it can see what the opportunity cost is over developing these weapons programs,” she told reporters in a telephone briefing to preview Tillerson’s trip. Thornton said China had taken “significant steps, ... frankly unprecedented steps” to increase pressure on its neighbor North Korea, but it could do “a lot more” to step up enforcement of existing sanctions and to impose more. “We would like to see more action faster and more obvious and quick results, but I think we’re not giving up yet.” Thornton’s remarks contrasted with those of U.S. President Donald Trump, who on Saturday accused Beijing of doing “nothing” to help on North Korea and pointed to the huge U.S. trade deficit with China. A senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday that Trump was close to a decision on how to respond to what he considers China’s unfair trade practices and was considering action that could lead to tariffs or other trade restrictions on Chinese goods. Thornton declined to comment on any possible action but stressed that despite Trump’s tweets, North Korea and the trade issue were not linked in a “transactional,” but “in a sort of philosophical way.” “Can we work together jointly on the key security challenge facing Northeast Asia, which is the North Korea challenge?” she said. “If we can work together to do that, surely we can have a productive, mutually beneficial economic relationship in which we both enjoy reciprocal and fair access to each other’s markets.” Thornton said Tillerson would continue to press China on the South China Sea issue while in Asia, where the United State has been pressing for rapid adoption of a code of conduct over competing territorial claims. She said the United States would “certainly” raise human  rights with Philippine President Duterte’s government. U.S. criticism of Duterte’s bloody war on drugs under Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama damaged relations between the long-standing allies. Duterte has remained defiant, accusing critics of “trivializing” his drug campaign with human rights concerns. Tillerson will also visit Thailand next Tuesday and then Malaysia. His visit to Bangkok will be the first by a U.S. secretary of state since before the military seized power in a 2014 coup. ",1
2344,U.S. governors urge Trump to make insurance payments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic and Republican U.S. governors on Wednesday urged the Trump administration, as well as Congress, to continue funding payments to health insurance companies that make Obamacare plans affordable, calling it critical to stabilizing the insurance marketplace.   Republican President Donald Trump, frustrated that Obamacare survived attempts to repeal it, has threatened to cut off about $8 billion in subsidies that help control costs for low-income Americans under the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic initiative. “The Administration has the opportunity to stabilize the health insurance market across our nation and ensure that our residents can continue to access affordable health care coverage,” said a statement by the Health and Human Services Committee of the National Governors Association. “A first critical step ... is to fully fund CSRs (cost-sharing reduction payments) for the remainder of calendar year 2017 through 2018,” the statement said, adding this was needed as Congress and the administration address long-term reform efforts. The committee is led by Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, and Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, a Republican. Earlier this year, the governors sent a letter calling on Congress to fully fund the cost-sharing payments. Some Congressional Republicans have joined Democrats in urging Trump to continue the payments. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander, chairman of the health committee, said Tuesday the president should pay the subsidies through September while lawmakers work on bipartisan legislation to fund the outlays for another year. But the Senate’s No. 2 Republican John Cornyn hesitated when asked Wednesday if he would support such legislation. “I’ve said before that I’m not in favor of throwing money at insurance companies without reform, so that’s going to be the nature of the conversation,” Cornyn told reporters outside his office. Asked what reforms he’d like to see, Cornyn mentioned the “skinny” Obamacare repeal bill the Senate voted down last week. Among other things, it would have repealed the requirement that every American have health insurance or pay a penalty. Insurers say that the cost-sharing payments are passed onto customers in the form of lower deductibles and co-pays that make care more affordable for low income Americans. Insurers are finalizing 2018 premium rates for the individual Obamacare market, with many saying their decision hinges on government guarantees for cost-sharing subsidies. Molina Healthcare Inc said on Wednesday it would stop selling Obamacare plans in Utah and Wisconsin, joining a slew of health insurers that have exited Obamacare markets amid uncertainty over the healthcare law. Anthem Inc, one of the largest sellers of these plans in 2017, has pared back offerings or mostly exited five states including California and may exit more.  White House budget director Mick Mulvaney told CNN the administration was still considering whether to end cost-sharing subsidies. ",1
2345,Comey signs book deal after abrupt end to FBI career,"(Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by U.S. President Donald Trump, has signed a deal for a book on leadership and decision-making that will come out in spring 2018, the publisher said on Wednesday. The book deal with Macmillan’s Flatiron Books comes three months after Comey’s firing raised questions about whether Trump tried to interfere with the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s probe into Russia’s alleged meddling with the U.S. presidential election.  Russia denies any interference, and Trump has denied collusion with Russia and interfering with the investigation. The book, which has not yet been given a title, will discuss “what good, ethical leadership looks like and how it drives sound decisions,” Bob Miller, president of Macmillan’s Flatiron Books, said in a statement on Wednesday. Flatiron won the rights to the book after an auction and did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  In addition to reflections on Comey’s interactions with Trump this year, the book will feature anecdotes from his role in leading an investigation into the use of a private email server by Democrat Hillary Clinton during her 2016 presidential campaign.  Comey’s announcement that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation days before the November election led to accusations by some Democrats that he was unfairly influencing the outcome. The FBI eventually closed the probe without taking any action. ",1
2346,EU's Juncker says ready to retaliate if needed over new U.S. sanctions on Russia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union’s chief executive on Wednesday said the United States had taken into account some EU concerns over new sanctions on Russia but Brussels was ready to retaliate within days if the measures hurt EU economic interests. Speaking after U.S. President Donald Trump signed the measures, Jean-Claude Juncker said the EU would take counter measures if the U.S. sanctions harmed European companies involved in oil and gas projects with Russia. “We are ready: we must defend our economic interests vis a vis the United States, and we will do that,” Juncker said, according to a transcript provided by his press team.  The U.S. measures, grudgingly approved by Trump despite his desire to improve relations with Moscow, have angered EU officials, who see them as breaking transatlantic unity in the West’s response to Moscow’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region in 2014 and support for separatists in the east. Juncker told a German radio station that it was crucial to coordinate with the United States to ensure sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis are effective. German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said the sanctions could hit European firms involved in the construction, operation and maintenance of natural gas pipelines from Russia, an extra-territorial impact that Europe could not accept. “I am counting on ... President Trump to use the leeway given to him by the law so that those sanctions don’t happen,” she wrote in the German weekly magazine Wirtschaftswoche. “That would be a clear signal that close cooperation between the USA and Europe will continue.” If diplomacy fails, an EU document, seen by Reuters, says the bloc will prepare to use an EU regulation allowing it to defend companies against the application of extra-territorial measures by the United States.  Brussels also has plans to file a complaint at the World Trade Organization. ",1
2347,Russia may impose counter-measures on U.S. after new sanctions: foreign ministry,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia may impose counter-measures on the United States after U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new round of economic sanctions on Moscow, the Russian foreign ministry said on Wednesday. The new U.S. penalties were short-sighted and risked harming global stability, it said in a statement on its website. “It’s high time to realize that threats and attempts to exert pressure on Russia will not make it change its course or sacrifice its national interests,” the statement read. ",1
2348,Russia PM: new U.S. sanctions amount to 'full-scale trade war',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - New sanctions on Russia which U.S. President Donald Trump has signed into law are tantamount to a “full-scale trade war”, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday. Medvedev also said in a Facebook post that the sanctions showed the Trump administration was utterly powerless. “The hope that our relations with the new American administration would improve is finished,” he wrote. ",1
2349,U.S. launches opioid fraud and detection unit,"(Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions unveiled on Wednesday a plan to go after doctors and pharmacies suspected of healthcare fraud by over-prescribing and unbridled distribution of addictive pain medications known as opioids. In a speech at a Columbus, Ohio, police academy, Sessions said a new Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit pilot program would also study death rates of patients with opioid prescriptions. “With these new resources, we will be better positioned to identify, prosecute and convict some of the individuals contributing to these tens of thousands of deaths a year,” Sessions said in prepared remarks. He said the new program would pay for 12 assistant U.S. attorneys serving three-year terms to investigate and prosecute fraud in the prescribing of opioids. Deaths from opioids have surged in the United States.  In 2015, prescription painkillers and heroin killed more than 33,000 people, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly half of those overdoses involved prescription pain medications. Sessions has made a priority of fighting drug-related crimes since taking over the U.S. Justice Department in February. It shut down AlphaBay, a dark web marketplace accused of facilitating a global trade in drugs as well as firearms and computer hacking tools. ",1
2350,Trump weighs Energy Secretary Perry to run Homeland Security: report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump may tap U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry to replace former Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who took over as White House chief of staff this week, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday. Bloomberg, citing three people familiar with deliberations, said others were also being considered for the post. White House officials had no immediate comment. Asked about the Bloomberg report, an Energy Department spokeswoman said Perry was content in his current job. “While Secretary Perry is honored to be mentioned, he is happy where he is and very focused on carrying out the mission the President gave him when he was chosen to lead the Department of Energy,” Shaylyn Hynes said in an email. On Friday, an official at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said Republican U.S. Representative Michael McCaul, who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee, was among those being considered to replace Kelly.  The department is currently being run by Homeland Security Deputy Secretary Elaine Duke. On Friday, Trump replaced his beleaguered White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, after only six months on the job, installing Kelly, a retired four-star Marine Corps general, in his place in a major shake-up of his top team.   Hired to bring more discipline to the White House, Kelly took up his new post on Monday. Kelly’s tenure at DHS was marked by a drop in attempted southern border crossings and a crackdown on illegal immigrants with criminal records, with a focus on gangs.  ",1
2351,Russia U.N. envoy says U.S. sanctions will not change Moscow,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia are inevitably harming bilateral relations but will not change Russian policy, Russia’s United Nations Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said on Wednesday.  “Some U.S. officials were saying that this is a bill that might encourage Russia to cooperate with the United States; to me that’s a strange sort of encouragement,” he told reporters. “Those who invented this bill, if they were thinking they might change our policy, they were wrong.” “They should have known better, that we do not bend, we do not break,” he said. “It is harming our relations inevitably but we will be working in the conditions that exist in the hope it will turn one day.” ",1
2352,Pelosi says Trump may try to 'wriggle out' of Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi expressed concern on Wednesday about Republican President Donald Trump’s statement on the Russia sanctions law, saying it raises concerns about whether he intends to follow it. “President Trump’s signing statement raises serious questions about whether his administration intends to follow the law, or whether he will continue to enable and reward Vladimir Putin’s aggression,” she said. “The Republican Congress must not permit the Trump White House to wriggle out of its duty to impose these sanctions for Russia’s brazen assault on our democracy.”    ",1
2353,Trump calls Russia sanctions legislation 'significantly flawed',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday called the Russia sanctions legislation he signed into law “significantly flawed” and urged Congress to not use the measure to hinder U.S. efforts to resolve the Ukraine conflict with its European allies. “While I favor tough measures to punish and deter aggressive and destabilizing behavior by Iran, North Korea, and Russia, this legislation is significantly flawed,” the Republican president said in a statement. “In its haste to pass this legislation, the Congress included a number of clearly unconstitutional provisions.”   ",1
2354,Trump close to decision on addressing Chinese trade practices,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is close to a decision on how to respond to what he considers China’s unfair trade practices, a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday. Trump is considering encouraging U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to initiate an investigation of Chinese trade practices under the 1974 Trade Act’s section 301, the official said. An announcement could come as early as this week, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from “unfair trade practices” of foreign countries, such as trade agreement violations, or “discriminatory” actions that burden U.S. commerce. The United States has a long list of grievances about China on trade, including accusations of steel dumping and theft of U.S. intellectual property. China has said that trade between China and the United States benefits both sides and that Beijing is willing to work with Washington to improve their trade relationship. Trump has long been a critic of Chinese trade practices but his interest in penalizing Beijing has risen because of his concern at what he perceives to be Chinese inaction on reining in increasingly belligerent North Korea. The United States has pressed China to exert more economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea to help rein in its nuclear and missile programs. Beijing has repeatedly said its influence on North Korea is limited and that it is doing all it can. A senior Chinese official said on Monday there was no link between North Korea’s nuclear program and China-U.S. trade. Susan Thornton, acting assistant secretary of state for East Asia, told a congressional hearing on Tuesday that new U.S. sanctions aimed at curbing North Korean’s weapons programs, including measures aimed at Chinese financial institutions, could be expected “fairly soon.” Section 301 was used extensively in the 1980s to combat Japanese imports of motorcycles, steel and other products - an era during which Lighthizer served as deputy U.S. trade representative. The statute has been little used since the World Trade Organization was launched in 1995. The WTO provides a forum for resolving trade disputes, but Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross have complained that it is extremely slow, often taking years to reach a conclusion, and that the Geneva-based organization has an inherent anti-U.S. bias. Both China’s Foreign Ministry and Commerce Ministry did not respond immediately to requests for comment. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met Michigan’s governor Rick Snyder in Beijing on Tuesday, where he said the common interests of China and  the United States were bigger than any disputes. “China welcomes U.S. states, including Michigan, to ... enhance bilateral trade and investment, ... and consolidate and expand cooperative consensus to create better development opportunities and jobs for both countries’ peoples,” Li told Snyder, according to a Chinese government statement. “The Trump administration believes in free and fair trade and will use every available tool to counter the protectionism of those who pledge allegiance to free trade while violating its core principles,” Ross said in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece on Tuesday.  He tried to refute arguments that the Trump administration was taking a protectionist stance, saying that both China and Europe were more protectionist because they subsidized export industries and had “formidable tariff and non-tariff trade barriers against imports.” “China is not a market economy. The Chinese government creates national champions and takes other actions that significantly distort markets,” Ross wrote. “Responding to such actions with trade remedies is not protectionist.” ",1
2355,Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 2) - Small business owners,"The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Small business owners are the DREAMERS & INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future! Read more and watch here:bit.ly/2uYZdol [0938 EDT] - It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, & OUR FREEDOM! [1009 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2356,Tillerson says he and Trump disagree over Iran nuclear deal," (Corrects this August 1st story to show Tillerson did not say European countries would be reluctant to re-impose sanctions in 11th paragraph) By Yeganeh Torbati WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged on Tuesday that he and President Donald Trump disagree over the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, and said the two men discuss how to use the international agreement to advance administration policies. Trump at times vowed during the 2016 presidential election campaign to withdraw from the agreement, which was signed by the United States, Russia, China and three European powers to curb Iran’s nuclear program in return for lifting most Western sanctions.  Trump has preserved the deal for now, although he has made clear he did so reluctantly after being advised to do so by Tillerson. “He and I have differences of views on things like JCPOA, and how we should use it,” Tillerson said at a State Department briefing, using the acronym for the deal, formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Tillerson said that Washington could “tear it up and walk away” or stay in the deal and hold Iran accountable to its terms, which he said would require Iran to act as a “good neighbor.” Critics say the deal falls short in addressing Iran’s support for foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria, arms shipments around the Middle East and ballistic missile tests. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Tillerson’s remarks. Trump said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal last month that he predicts Iran will be judged “noncompliant” with the Iran deal at the next deadline in October, and that he would have preferred to do so months ago. Tillerson expressed a more nuanced view of the deal’s potential benefits on Tuesday. “There are a lot of alternative means with which we use the agreement to advance our policies and the relationship with Iran, and that’s what the conversation generally is around with the president as well,” Tillerson said. European officials would likely be reluctant to re-impose sanctions, especially the broader measures that helped drive Iran to negotiate over its nuclear program in the first place. New U.S. sanctions on Iran in July were a breach of the nuclear deal and Tehran had lodged a complaint with the body that oversees the pact’s implementation, a senior Iranian politician said. Tillerson acknowledged that the United States is limited in how much it can pressure Iran on its own and said it was important to coordinate with the other parties to the agreement. “The greatest pressure we can put to bear on Iran to change the behavior is a collective pressure,” he said. ",1
2357,Trump administration sends conflicting signals on Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump grudgingly accepted new congressional sanctions on Russia, the top U.S. diplomat said on Tuesday, remarks in contrast with those of Vice President Mike Pence, who said the bill showed Trump and Congress speaking “with a unified voice.” The U.S. Congress voted last week by overwhelming margins  for sanctions to punish the Russian government over interference in the 2016 presidential election, annexation of Crimea and other perceived violations of international norms.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that he and Trump did not believe the new sanctions would “be helpful to our efforts” on diplomacy with Russia. Trump has been clear that he wants to improve relations with Russia, a desire that has been hamstrung by findings of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered to help the Republican against Democrat Hillary Clinton. U.S. congressional panels and a special counsel are investigating. Moscow denies any meddling and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign. Tillerson, who did business in Russia when he was chief executive of Exxon Mobil, has said repeatedly that the world’s two major nuclear powers cannot have such a bad relationship. “The action by the Congress to put these sanctions in place and the way they did, neither the President nor I were very happy about that,” Tillerson said. “We were clear that we didn’t think it was going to be helpful to our efforts, but that’s the decision they made, they made it in a very overwhelming way. I think the president accepts that.” Tillerson stopped short of saying definitively that Trump would sign the sanctions, saying only that “all indications are he will sign that bill.” Vice President Mike Pence, at a press conference in Georgia with Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, said unequivocally that “President Trump will sign the Russia sanctions bill soon.” Pence acknowledged that the administration objected to earlier versions of the sanctions bill because it did not grant enough flexibility to the administration, but said it “improved significantly” in later versions. “And let me say that in signing the sanction, our President and our Congress are speaking with a unified voice,” Pence said. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Tuesday the sanctions bill was under review and would be signed. “There’s nothing holding him back,” Sanders said at a news briefing. Trump has until Aug. 9 to sign the bill, or veto it, or it will automatically become law. In retaliation for the sanctions, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Sunday that the U.S. diplomatic mission in Russia must reduce its staff by 755 people. Russia is also seizing two properties near Moscow used by American diplomats. Tillerson said Putin probably believes his response was a symmetrical action to Washington seizing two Russian properties in the United States and expelling 35 diplomats last December. “Of course it makes our lives more difficult,” he said. Tillerson said he and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would meet in Manila on the margins of next weekend’s meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. ",1
2358,Kremlin says White House line on sanctions is contradictory,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday it is hearing contradictory statements from the White House on new sanctions on Russia that have been approved by the U.S. Congress.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s has said he and President Donald Trump did not believe the new sanctions would “be helpful to our efforts” on diplomacy with Russia. But the White House has also said Trump intends to sign the sanctions into law. Asked about Tillerson’s comments, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters: “We have not heard such statements. We note there is a certain contradiction in the statements being voiced in the White House.”  “Without doubt, it’s important that the President of the United States is thinking about the current state, and about the prospects for, bilateral relations”, he said. ",1
2359,"Sean Spicer still plans to leave White House, official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sean Spicer still plans to leave the White House in late August, a senior White House official said on Tuesday, ending speculation that he might stay on after the firing of former communications director Anthony Scaramucci. President Donald Trump’s decision to hire Scaramucci less than two weeks ago prompted Spicer to resign in protest. Scaramucci lasted only 10 days in the job. He was fired on Monday after a profanity-filled tirade against then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon. Spicer has since been fielding lucrative offers for his post-White House life and has found them too appealing to forsake, the official said. Trump appointed his homeland security secretary, retired General John Kelly, to succeed Priebus after ousting him as chief of staff last week. A senior homeland security official said Kelly is considering bringing veteran government spokesman David Lapan with him to the White House as communications director. ",1
2360,Court allows Democratic states to defend Obamacare payments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday allowed Democratic state attorneys general to defend subsidy payments to insurance companies under the Obamacare healthcare law, a critical part of funding for the statute that President Donald Trump has threatened to cut off. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted a motion filed by the 16 attorneys general, led by California’s Xavier Becerra and New York’s Eric Schneiderman. President Donald Trump, frustrated that he and fellow Republicans in Congress have been unable to keep campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare, has threatened to stop making the so-called cost-sharing subsidy, or CSR, payments. “The President is working with his staff and his cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments,” a White House statement said. The subsidies help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. The case, which dates back to administration of President Barack Obama, was filed by the Republican-led House of Representatives against the federal government in an effort to block the subsidy payments to insurers for the individual plans created by the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. The court’s order allows Democrats who back the law to have a say in the legal fight, giving them the power to block a settlement or appeal a ruling blocking the payments. They can also file briefs and their lawyers can participate in oral arguments. “The court’s decision is good news for the hundreds of thousands of New York families that rely on these subsidies for their health care. It’s disturbingly clear that President Trump and his administration are willing to treat them as political pawns,” Schneiderman said in a statement. “If Donald Trump won’t defend these vital subsidies for American families, then we will,” Becerra said. The order issued by the three-judge panel, all Obama appointees, said the states had shown “a substantial risk that an injunction requiring termination of the payments at issue here ... would lead directly and imminently to an increase in insurance prices, which in turn will increase the number of uninsured individuals for whom the states will have to provide health care.” “In addition, state-funded hospitals will suffer financially when they are unable to recoup costs from uninsured, indigent patients for whom federal law requires them to provide medical care,” the court order said. Nicholas Bagley, a professor at the University of Michigan Law School, said the decision was a “big deal” because it makes it difficult for the Trump administration to settle the case. “Allowing the states to intervene will increase the pressure on the administration to keep making the cost-sharing payments,” he said, noting that the administration could still stop making the payments. Trump has repeatedly threatened to withhold the payments to insurers, which amount to about $7 billion this year, and referred to them as a “bailout.” The attorneys general cited in their May court filing Trump’s own words vowing to let Obamacare “explode” as part of the reasoning for their intervention.    The case is currently on hold at the request of both sides. The expectation had been that the case would be dismissed because the Republican-controlled Congress was poised to repeal the Obamacare law. But that effort failed last week, meaning the court case has taken on renewed importance. U.S. health insurer Anthem Inc is pulling back from 16 of 19 pricing regions in California where it offered Obamacare options this year in part due to uncertainty over the payments, state officials said on Tuesday. ",1
2361,Senate Democrats question if they can trust EXIM Bank nominee to support its mission,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eight U.S. Senate Democrats questioned on Tuesday whether they could trust President Donald Trump’s nominee for the top job at the U.S. Export-Import Bank to support renewing the trade lender’s charter in 2019 and to believe in its mission. Scott Garrett, a former Republican congressman from New Jersey who was one of the EXIM Bank’s leading opponents during a 2015 fight in Congress to shut it down, “refused to confirm that he would unequivocally support reauthorizing the bank,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and seven other senators said in a statement after meeting with Garrett. The nominee for EXIM chairman has met with strong opposition from industry groups that use its financing, including the National Association of Manufacturers, which said Garrett had a track record of trying to undermine the institution. The bank has been unable to approve loans above $10 million for two years because of efforts by conservative Republicans in Congress to shut it down and then block nominations to its board, keeping it from financing large aircraft, satellites, power turbines and other major projects. Critics have charged that EXIM provides unnecessary “corporate welfare” to large companies such as Boeing (BA.N), General Electric (GE.N) and Caterpillar (CAT.N), putting taxpayers at risk. The bank also provides export financing and guarantees for thousands of small manufacturers. “Today’s meeting was bizarre. Scott Garrett – one of the most vocal opponents of the Export-Import Bank while he was in Congress – agreed to speak with us about his nomination, but during the meeting, he wouldn’t discuss his personal thoughts about the Bank and its mission,” the senators said in a statement. “The bank has overwhelming support from Republicans and Democrats in Congress and we need a leader of the bank who also fully stands by its goals,” added the senators, who included Democrats Heidi Heitkamp, Maria Cantwell, Patty Murray, Sherrod Brown, Amy Klobuchar, Chris Coons and Joe Donnelly. Their statement did not say specifically how they would vote on Garrett’s nomination. No nomination hearing has been scheduled by the Senate Banking Committee. A White House spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment on the senators’ statement. ",1
2362,Exclusive: Former Justice Department official joins Mueller team,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A former U.S. Justice Department official has become the latest lawyer to join special counsel Robert Mueller’s team investigating Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, a spokesman for the team confirmed. Greg Andres started on Tuesday, becoming the 16th lawyer on the team, said Josh Stueve, a spokesman for the special counsel. Most recently a white-collar criminal defense lawyer with New York law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell, Andres, 50, served at the Justice Department from 2010 to 2012. He was deputy assistant attorney general in the criminal division, where he oversaw the fraud unit and managed the program that targeted illegal foreign bribery. Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May, is looking into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and  Russia during the election, among other matters. Congressional committees are also investigating the matter. That Mueller continues to expand his team means the probe is not going to end anytime soon, said Robert Ray, who succeeded Kenneth Starr as independent counsel for the Whitewater investigation during the Clinton administration. “It’s an indication that the investigation is going to extend well into 2018,” said Ray. “Whether it extends beyond 2018 is an open question.” The special counsel last month asked the White House to preserve all of its communications about a June 2016 meeting that included the president’s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., his son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner, and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. Russian officials have denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump denies any collusion by his campaign.  Among the cases Andres oversaw at the Justice Department was the prosecution of Texas financier Robert Allen Stanford, who was convicted in 2012 for operating an $8 billion Ponzi scheme.    Before that, Andres was a federal prosecutor in Brooklyn for over a decade, eventually serving as chief of the criminal division in the U.S. attorney’s office there. He prosecuted several members of the Bonanno organized crime family, one of whom was accused of plotting to have Andres killed. A graduate of Notre Dame and University of Chicago Law School, Andres was a Peace Corps volunteer in Benin from 1989 to 1992. He is married to Ronnie Abrams, a U.S. district judge in Manhattan nominated to the bench in 2011 by Democratic President Barack Obama. Others on the special counsel team include Andrew Weissmann, chief of the Justice Department’s fraud section; Andrew Goldstein, former head of the public corruption unit at the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan; and James Quarles, who was an assistant special prosecutor in the Watergate investigation that helped bring down President Richard Nixon. (Story refiles to correct typographical error in paragraph 11 to Andres instead of Andrews.) ",1
2363,Republican makes first move to work with Democrats on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander on Tuesday made the first move by a senior Republican to work with Democrats on repairing Obamacare after his party failed to repeal and replace the healthcare law, announcing work on bipartisan legislation to stabilize the individual health insurance market. Alexander, who chairs the Senate health committee, urged U.S. President Donald Trump to drop his threat to cut government subsidy payments to insurers that make Obamacare plans affordable and to allow the payments through September. The senator also said fellow lawmakers should fund those payments for one year. Alexander’s announcement followed the spectacular failure last week by Senate Republicans to pass their own repeal or replacement of the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic initiative also referred to as Obamacare. The Tennessee Republican said the Senate health committee “will hold hearings beginning the week of September 4 on the actions Congress should take to stabilize and strengthen the individual health insurance market so that Americans will be able to buy insurance at affordable prices in the year 2018.” The goal, Alexander said, would be legislation sponsored by both parties that would stabilize the insurance market and help lower premiums in 2018 for the roughly 18 million Americans who buy health insurance in the individual market, instead of getting insurance through an employer. Trump, frustrated that he and Republicans have not been able to keep promises to repeal and replace Obamacare, has threatened to let the law implode, including by cutting off about $8 billion in subsidies that are used to make Obamacare health plans more affordable for low income Americans. Insurers, who are finalizing their insurance premium rates for 2018, have asked Congress to guarantee that those funds will stay in place for the rest of this year and 2018. Without the subsidies, they say they will need to raise premium rates by about 20 percent. Without an answer, insurers have filed preliminary rates based on different parameters: Some set rates that assumed the subsidies would be paid, others set rates that assumed they would not, and some submitted two different set of rates reflecting both outcomes. Senator Patty Murray, the top Democrat on the health panel, welcomed Alexander’s statement and said she looked forward to working in a bipartisan manner to stabilize the healthcare market and reduce premiums. In the House, a bipartisan group of 43 lawmakers on Monday called for Congress to quickly stabilize the individual insurance market by appropriating money for the cost-sharing payments and creating a stability fund for states. ",1
2364,Anthem to cut back Obamacare plan offerings in California,"(Reuters) - U.S. health insurer Anthem Inc is pulling back from 16 of 19 pricing regions in California where it offered Obamacare options this year, state officials said on Tuesday. The move, which takes effect for 2018, means Anthem will offer Obamacare coverage in three pricing regions comprising 28 counties in California. That is just 41 percent of its current enrollment, or about 108,000 consumers, leaving some 153,000 consumers without Anthem Obamacare options, state officials said. Anthem blamed the move in part on uncertainty over whether the Trump administration would maintain subsidies that keep costs down among the factors that have “led to an increasing overall lack of predictability.” As a result, the insurer said it does not allow them to provide affordable plan choices for all California consumers.  “The market for these plans has become unstable. And with federal rules and guidance changing, it’s no longer possible for us to offer some of those plans,” Brian Ternan, president of Anthem Blue Cross of California, said in a statement on the company’s website. U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday threatened to cut off subsidy payments that make the plans affordable for lower income Americans and help insurers to keep premiums down, after efforts to repeal the law signed by his predecessor, President Barack Obama, failed in Congress.  Trump has repeatedly urged Republican lawmakers to keep working to undo Obama’s Affordable Care Act which has extended insurance to some 20 million more Americans. Anthem said it would offer individual plans both in and out of the state’s exchanges in the three regions made up of those 28 counties.  Anthem, which announced last month that it was mostly exiting individual plans in Wisconsin and Indiana, said the decision does not affect those with employer-provided insurance, Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, Medi-Cal or “grandfathered” plans purchased before March 2010. Also on Tuesday, federal regulators extended the deadline for insurers in Michigan to submit 2018 Obamacare individual plan premium rates as they await more clarity from the Trump administration, Michigan’s Department of Insurance and Financial Services said. Michigan said it was given permission by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to postpone the release of its proposed 2018 rate changes for 30 days. The state now plans to release them on September 1. ",1
2365,Wray confirmed by Senate to lead FBI after Comey firing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed former Justice Department lawyer Christopher Wray as FBI chief, nearly three months after the agency’s previous director, James Comey, was fired by President Donald Trump. Wray, who was confirmed by vote of 92-5, will take charge of the country’s top domestic law enforcement agency during a federal probe into allegations of collusion between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia. Since the dismissal of Comey on May 9, the Justice Department has appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the investigation with the help of the FBI. Russia denies any interference, and Trump has denied collusion with Russia. Wray vowed in his confirmation hearing last month to remain independent and not be swayed by politics or pressure from the president. He also praised Muller as the “consummate straight shooter.” He also worked with Comey on the government’s case in the Enron Corp fraud scandal in the early 2000s.  During the confirmation hearing, Republican Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Wray’s background showed he was committed to independence, an attribute he said was “vitally important” in the next FBI director.  Wray served as assistant attorney general in charge of the criminal division at the Justice Department under former Republican President George W. Bush.  Former Attorney General Eric Holder and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, both Democrats who served under President Barack Obama, endorsed Wray.   ",1
2366,Tillerson tightens the reins at State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson last month tightened his control over the State Department by taking back powers previously held by the top career foreign service officer, an action critics said would delay major decisions and marginalize career diplomats. The move retracted broad decision-making authority granted to the agency’s third-highest ranking official, the undersecretary for political affairs, by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Most of those powers will be reserved instead for Tillerson and his deputy. Tillerson is broadly reviewing how authority is delegated, a State Department official said, which will “result in a streamlining of delegations, which will promote greater transparency, clarity and effectiveness in decision-making within the Department.”  On July 17, Tillerson reversed Clinton’s 2009 decision to empower the undersecretary for political affairs, currently career diplomat Thomas Shannon, with “all authorities and functions vested in the Secretary of State.” Former officials said Clinton’s delegation of authority was helpful in allowing decisions to be made quickly when she or her deputy were traveling abroad. “Everyone travels all of the time if you’re doing your job right as a diplomat,” said a former State Department official who served during the Obama administration and requested anonymity. “There has to be some delegation of authority, or the work simply doesn’t get done.” Tillerson’s decision came as most of the high-level positions at the State Department are either empty or filled by career officials in an “acting” capacity. The secretary has said he wants to be cautious about hiring while he is conducting a review of the State Department’s organization. On Tuesday, Tillerson acknowledged to reporters that “I have a lot of open slots,” but said he had been able to accomplish a great deal “because there are remarkable, talented professional foreign service officers in this building.” But the slow pace of appointments has logjammed decision-making and resulted in a rank-and-file bureaucracy disconnected from top officials, diplomats and some members of Congress said.  “We don’t know what the policies are, and the diplomats don’t know what the policies are,” Senator Ben Cardin, the senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said on Tuesday. The second authority Tillerson took back from the undersecretary for political affairs in July was approval of State Department reports to Congress, which will now sit with the Office of Policy Planning, an internal State Department body usually headed by a political appointee. Unlike other senior officials, the office director and staff do not need Senate confirmation. The State Department is required by law to produce hundreds of reports for Congress each year, including on acts of terrorism, human rights conditions in different countries, countries’ narcotics control strategies, the state of religious freedom around the world, and human trafficking. Typically, such reports are prepared by offices and embassies with expertise in the relevant issue, and are reviewed by the State Department’s Bureau of Legislative Affairs and top aides to the secretary of state before being sent to Congress. Three former officials said giving the policy planning staff final sign-off on the reports could inject political considerations into their preparation. The undersecretary for political affairs is typically a career foreign service officer, and oversees seven regional bureaus. The move represents a “power grab” by the policy planning body, said Eliot Cohen, who served as State Department counselor during former President George W. Bush’s administration. “You need a strong undersecretary for political affairs,” Cohen said. “You can’t run the State Department with a tiny office ... you need to go out and establish good working relationships with the professionals of the department.” ",1
2367,Democrats want to grill Wells Fargo executives about auto insurance,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic lawmakers pushed on Tuesday for another chance to question Wells Fargo & Co’s (WFC.N) leadership about sales practices after the scandal-hit bank said it forced auto insurance on borrowers who did not need it. Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee asked its Republican leaders in a letter to summon Wells Fargo Chairman Stephen Sanger and Chief Executive Tim Sloan. That letter accompanied one sent by Representative Maxine Waters, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, who wants to know how Wells Fargo wrongly charged roughly 570,000 customers for auto insurance they did not ask for or need, leading to unwarranted delinquencies and car repossessions. Unwanted auto insurance is the latest wrinkle in a months-long scandal over sales practices at Wells Fargo, where employees also created as many as 2.1 million deposit and credit card accounts in customers’ names without their permission. “Members should have the opportunity to question Mr. Sloan about the bank’s progress in addressing the damage it did to its customers,” said the Senate letter, signed by Democrats including ranking member Sherrod Brown. A spokeswoman for Wells Fargo said the bank looked forward to answering questions from Washington. “Wells Fargo understands and is committed to addressing policymaker concerns,” said Jennifer Dunn. “We are committed to fixing these mistakes and earning back trust.” Employees have said they created unauthorized accounts to hit sales goals handed down by management. The creation of fake accounts and misplaced insurance charges went on for years before the bank’s management took action. After Wells Fargo reached a $190 million settlement with regulators over the fake accounts in September, its then-Chairman and CEO John Stumpf appeared before both committees to face questions from lawmakers at heated hearings. He left the bank shortly after, to be replaced by Sloan and Sanger. Whether Stumpf’s successors will be hauled before Congress publicly is uncertain. Only Republicans can summon witnesses, since that party controls Congress. The senate letter urged Idaho Senator Mike Crapo, who chairs the banking panel, to call a Wells Fargo hearing in September. Democrats want to know how the auto insurance and unauthorized accounts practices went on undetected, and Wells Fargo plans to compensate customers who were wrongly charged for insurance, according to the letter. ",1
2368,"Not in a hallway, not in a text: committee warns U.S. House on campaigning","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A single, short electronic message can land a U.S. lawmaker in heaps of trouble, even when it does not include lewd photos or inappropriate language. The U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Ethics on Tuesday reminded the chamber’s members they are not allowed to draft, edit, comment on or send campaign communications from a House building, regardless of a message’s length or form.  It added they should not engage in campaign-related activity even in a hallway, office or cafeteria, and ethics rules also apply to messages sent from personal devices.  “In this age of always-on mobile communications, members may find it impractical or unreasonable to have to exit a House building before sending a three-word campaign email,” the committee wrote. “However, that is what the relevant law, rules, and regulations require.” The 14-page report wrapped up an investigation into Representative Ben Ray Lujan, who joined fellow Democrats more than a year ago in a sit-in supporting a measure that would have blocked suspected terrorists from buying guns.  Lujan chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which currently recruiting candidates for the 2018 elections, and his office cast the case as “politically motivated.” “Congressman Luján is committed to abiding by House rules and will continue to do so in the future,” said his communications director, Joe Shoemaker. Social media lit up during the sit-in and television endeavored to cover it around the clock, even when House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, turned off cameras and microphones. At one point Lujan forwarded a campaign volunteer a copy of an email asking people to sign a petition with the message: “Get something out.”  Because he may have sent those three ambiguous words while in the chamber, he risked running afoul of strict limitations meant to ensure representatives, who must run for re-election every other year, do not use their offices for political advantage.  Also, his campaign consultants emailed out a donation solicitation purportedly written by the New Mexico representative as he sat on the floor that included a photograph of a video of him during the sit-in. Using closed-circuit footage for partisan purposes is prohibited. The committee closed the case without further action. It could not determine if Lujan was in a House building while sending his email, but did say he was ultimately responsible for his consultants’ violations. His campaign has taken steps “to prevent any recurrence of this issue in the future,” the report said. ",1
2369,Trump fires communications director Scaramucci in new White House upheaval,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump ousted recently hired White House communications chief Anthony Scaramucci on Monday over an obscene tirade, sources familiar with the decision said, in the latest staff upheaval for the six-month-old administration.  The move, coming just 10 days after the Republican president named Scaramucci to the post, took place on the first day of work for Trump’s new chief of staff, retired Marine Corps General John Kelly, who sources said was seeking to impose order on a White House riven with factions and backbiting. “There’s a new sheriff in town,” said Barry Bennett, a former Trump campaign adviser. A Republican close to Trump said the president fretted on the weekend over what to do about Scaramucci, calling his advisers to ask their opinion, all of whom told him the tough-talking aide had to go. Trump was annoyed about Scaramucci’s lewd comments to The New Yorker magazine published last Thursday and at how the abrasive New York financier appeared to inflate the strength of their friendship, since he had started the 2016 presidential election cycle as a fundraiser for two Trump rivals, Scott Walker and Jeb Bush. Trump decided it was time to cut him loose, the source said. Kelly, who also wanted him removed, summoned Scaramucci to Kelly’s office on Monday morning and fired him on the spot, the official said. It was one of Kelly’s first acts as chief of staff. “A great day at the White House!” Trump tweeted on Monday evening. The departure of Scaramucci followed one of the rockiest weeks of Trump’s presidency in which a major Republican effort to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system failed in Congress and both his spokesman and previous chief of staff left their jobs as White House infighting burst into the open.    Scaramucci’s comments to The New Yorker included a profanity-laced attack against then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon. “The president certainly felt that Anthony’s comments were inappropriate for a person in that position,” spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. In a change from previous procedure at the Trump White House, all staff will now report to Kelly, including Trump’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, Sanders said. A Republican official close to the White House said Kelly had been given wide authority to impose order on the unruly Trump White House. “Things will run with regular order,” the official said, adding that even the president’s daughter and her husband, who both have senior roles at the White House, are “not above the law.” At a dinner on Saturday night at Trump’s hotel near the White House, Trump told Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to expect some staff changes, the official said. Kelly attended the dinner as well. Tensions in Trump’s inner circle erupted last week when Scaramucci assailed Priebus and Bannon, two of the West Wing’s most senior figures. He accused Priebus of leaking information to the media. Priebus later resigned.         Trump appeared on Monday with Kelly in the Oval Office and in a Cabinet meeting where he predicted the new chief of staff would do a “spectacular job.” He praised Kelly for his tenure overseeing border security issues at the Department of Homeland Security. “With a very controversial situation, there’s been very little controversy, which is really amazing by itself,” Trump said.    Republicans fear that staff chaos at the White House could derail any attempt to revive efforts to repeal and replace the Obamacare healthcare law and a plan to overhaul the U.S. tax system. The U.S. dollar hit a more than 2-1/2-year low against the euro on Monday on month-end portfolio adjustments and uncertainty over the U.S. political outlook after Scaramucci’s departure.         Aside from domestic challenges, Trump is weighing how to respond to North Korea’s latest missile test - a sore point between Washington and Beijing. Trump has been critical of China, North Korea’s closest ally, saying it should do more to rein in Pyongyang. He is also dealing with several investigations into allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and has been frustrated that the probes are also looking into potential collusion by his campaign. Moscow rejects the charge it tried to swing the election in Trump’s favor, and Trump denies his campaign had anything to do with such interference.     ",1
2370,Factbox: Scaramucci is latest to leave Trump administration,"(Reuters) - A few hours after President Donald Trump said there was no chaos in the White House, the administration announced on Monday that Anthony Scaramucci was leaving his job as communications director after a little more than a week on the job. The brash Scaramucci’s brief tenure was marked by a determination to crack down on White House leaks to the media and profanity-filled comments to The New Yorker attacking then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump adviser Steve Bannon. Sources familiar with the situation said Trump fired Scaramucci over the obscene tirade. “The president certainly felt that Anthony’s comments were inappropriate for a person in that position,” spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. Following is a partial list of officials who have been fired or have left the administration since Trump took office on Jan. 20, as well as people who were nominated by Trump for a position but did not take the job. * Philip Bilden - a private equity executive and former military intelligence officer picked by Trump for secretary of the Navy, withdrew from consideration in February because of government conflict-of-interest rules. * James Comey - Federal Bureau of Information director who had been leading an investigation into the Trump 2016 presidential campaign’s possible collusion with Russia to influence the election outcome, was fired by Trump in May. * James Donovan - a Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker who was nominated by Trump as deputy Treasury secretary, withdrew his name in May. * Michael Dubke - founder of Crossroads Media, resigned as White House communications director in May. * Michael Flynn - resigned in February as Trump’s national security adviser after disclosures that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. * Mark Green - Trump’s nominee for Army secretary, who had served in the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, withdrew his name from consideration in May. * Gerrit Lansing - White House chief digital officer, stepped down in February after failing to pass an FBI background check, according to Politico. * Jason Miller - communications director for Trump’s transition team who was named by the president-elect in December as White House communications director, said days later that he would not take the job. * Reince Priebus - the former chairman of the Republican National Committee was replaced by Kelly as Trump’s chief of staff on Friday. A confidant of the president said Trump had lost confidence in Priebus after major legislative items failed to pass the U.S. Congress. * Todd Ricketts - a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team and Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, withdrew from consideration in April. * Walter Shaub - the head of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, who clashed with Trump and his administration, stepped down in July before his five-year term was to end. * Michael Short - senior White House assistant press secretary, resigned last Tuesday. * Sean Spicer - resigned as White House press secretary on July 21, ending a turbulent tenure after Trump named Scaramucci as White House communications director. * Robin Townley - an aide to the national security adviser, Flynn, was rejected in February after he was denied security clearance to serve on the National Security Council, according to Politico. * Vincent Viola - an Army veteran and a former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, nominated by Trump to be secretary of the Army, withdrew his name from consideration in February. * Katie Walsh - deputy White House chief of staff, was transferred to the outside pro-Trump group America First policies in March, according to Politico. * Caroline Wiles - Trump’s director of scheduling, resigned in February after failing a background check, according to Politico. * Sally Yates - acting U.S. attorney general, was fired by Trump in January after she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to enforce Trump’s immigration ban.     ",1
2371,Trump extols corporate profits while seeking corporate tax cut,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump sent a Twitter message bragging about corporate America’s high profits under his presidency on Tuesday, prompting critics to say he was undercutting Republican arguments in favor of a tax cut for corporations. As Republicans in Washington try to refocus on taxes after the collapse of their failed drive to repeal Obamacare, Trump sent a morning tweet that said: “Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.” Corporate lobbyists and Republicans consistently argue that a cut in the corporate income tax is needed to help corporations be more competitive. But highlighting corporate profits could diminish that argument. “This is a weird way to launch their proposal to cut corporate taxes,” Democratic Senator Brian Schatz said in a tweet of his own responding to Trump. The largest U.S. public companies have seen profits accelerate in 2017, with quarterly earnings rising at a double-digit pace compared with a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data. Full-year earnings are expected to be up 11.5 percent, which would be the strongest growth since 2011. More than six months into his presidency, Trump still sends out tweets that catch aides and allies off guard and sometimes clash with Republicans’ messaging on their policy agenda. The Trump tweet “takes the edge of urgency off the plea to reduce the burden on corporations,” said William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution think tank. Trump later took credit for surging U.S. stock prices that pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average to a new record high on Tuesday. But the broader market saw a bigger rally under former President Barack Obama. The benchmark S&P 500 Index has gained 9.4 percent since Trump took office on Jan. 20, lagging a 16.2 percent S&P gain during Obama’s first months in office. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that Congress would take up tax reform after the U.S. Labor Day holiday on Sept. 4, beginning in the House of Representatives. A White House timeline envisions a House vote on tax legislation in October and Senate vote in November.  But there is little consensus on the issue. The White House insists on cutting the corporate rate to 15 percent, while House Republicans favor 20 percent. A top Senate Republican this week said lawmakers would be lucky to get it down to 25 percent.   On Tuesday, Senate Democrats offered to work with Republicans on a bipartisan tax package, but only if it does not cut taxes for the wealthy, add to the federal deficit or allow Republicans to enact legislation on their own. But McConnell rejected the offer from 45 lawmakers led by Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer. “Most of the principles that would get the country growing again, they’re not interested in addressing,” the Kentucky Republican told reporters.  McConnell said he hoped Republican legislation might win support from three Senate Democrats who face reelection next year in Republican states and did not join the offer from other Democrats. ",1
2372,Senate Democrat Ron Wyden demands Justice Dept release new crime reduction policies,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A leading Senate Democrat on Tuesday accused U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions of concealing policy recommendations that could change how the Justice Department enforces laws on illegal immigration, drug trafficking and violent crime. In a letter to Sessions, Oregon Democrat Ron Wyden said the Justice Department should release recommendations made by the Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety, noting that the policy changes could end up hurting Americans. “These [Justice Department] decisions could have dramatic and wide-ranging consequences for Americans’ daily lives,” Wyden wrote, noting that the task force’s work could impact everything from marijuana and asset forfeiture policies to hate crimes, immigration and human trafficking. “Yet Americans remain in the dark about the content of the task force’s recommendations.” The Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety was established through an executive order by President Donald Trump in February. Names of those serving on the task force have not been published, and the group was supposed to deliver its recommendations by July 27. In a public statement last week, Sessions said he had received recommendations “on a rolling basis” and he had already “been acting on the task force’s recommendations to set the policy of the department.” A Justice Department spokesman referred to Sessions’ prior statement when asked for comment, saying the department will “make announcements on policy changes as appropriate.” The department has already announced a few policy changes that stem from the task force’s work. Earlier this month, for instance, the department said it plans to reinstate a controversial civil asset forfeiture program that lets local police departments seize cash from people without first charging them with a crime, even if their states do not condone such a policy.  The policy had been rolled back during the Obama administration amid concerns it was allowing the government to take away peoples’ property without due process. In May, the department also undid another Obama-era policy to allow for tougher charges and longer prison sentences.  Wyden, whose state voted to legalize the use of recreational marijuana, said he was particularly concerned about the “secrecy shrouding” recommendations related to the drug. Sessions has previously made critical comments about marijuana use. “It is not the role of the Attorney General to unilaterally undermine the will of Oregon voters,” he wrote.    ",1
2373,Trump 'weighed in' on son's Russia attorney statement: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Tuesday that U.S. President Donald Trump had a role in producing a statement in which his son denied that a meeting he had with a Russian lawyer was related to the 2016 presidential campaign, comments later shown to be misleading. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a briefing that Trump “certainly didn’t dictate (the statement), but ... he weighed in, offered a suggestion like any father would do.” “The statement that was issued was true and there were no inaccuracies in the statement,” Sanders said, even though emails later released by Donald Trump Jr. showed that the subject of the meeting was to be possible damaging information about Republican Trump’s rival for the presidency, Democrat Hillary Clinton. The Washington Post reported on Monday that Trump’s advisers discussed the statement about the meeting and agreed that Trump Jr. should issue a truthful account of the episode so that it “couldn’t be repudiated later if the full details emerged.” But the president, who was flying home from Germany on July 8, changed the plan and “personally dictated a statement in which Trump Jr. said he and the Russian lawyer had ‘primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children,’” the Post said, citing unidentified people with knowledge of the deliberations. Trump Jr. released emails in July that showed he eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father. The New York Times was first to report the meeting at Trump Tower in New York. (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped “a” in quote in paragraph 2) ",1
2374,McConnell says U.S. debt ceiling debate could stretch into September,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said the debate over raising the country’s debt ceiling could stretch into September and he sought bipartisan support for the legislation to prevent a government default. “We are looking for a way forward” to pass a debt limit increase “sometime in the next month or so,” McConnell said after meeting with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer. He also told reporters that comprehensive tax legislation will move forward in September, but that he does not expect many Senate Democrats to support the Republican legislation. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, whose panel oversees government borrowing, said in a brief hallway interview that he does not expect bipartisan cooperation on the debt legislation. “We’re not going to get any Democrat help, I’ll tell you that,” Hatch said. The government bumped up against its statutory limit on borrowing at just under $20 trillion in March. Since then, Mnuchin has had to take “extraordinary” measures to stave off a default until Congress agrees to raise the Treasury’s borrowing capability. “To ensure that we have robust economic growth and promote fiscal discipline, the Trump administration believes it’s important to raise the debt ceiling as soon as possible,” said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. While the Trump administration had been hoping Congress would pass a debt limit bill before embarking on a long summer recess, the House of Representatives already has begun its break and McConnell did not explicitly include the debt limit in a list of legislation to get done before the Senate’s recess begins in coming days. House conservative Republicans have been pushing for a variety of add-ons to a debt limit bill, such as deep spending cuts or the sale of government assets. That approach could draw opposition from Democrats and some Republicans as the government gets closer to a possible default. “We don’t know where the White House is because they have different factions saying different things,” Schumer told reporters when asked if the White House had articulated clear goals. Conservative Republicans in the past have balked at debt limit increases as a wedge for advancing deficit-reduction legislation. When Congress returns from its summer break in early September, it also will have to pass bills to fund day-to-day government activities in the fiscal year that starts on Oct. 1 and there are some fears that the debt limit could get caught up in those negotiations. ",1
2375,Illinois governor rejects school funding legislation,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Tuesday blocked hundreds of millions of new state dollars from going to cash-strapped Chicago Public Schools (CPS) by rewriting parts of a state school-funding overhaul bill, potentially imperiling the entire legislation and the flow of state money to all school districts. The Republican governor said he used his amendatory veto on the bill, which creates a new model for education funding, to remove “an unfair diversion” of money to help fund CPS teacher pensions. “Senate Bill 1, in its current form, took a significant increase in school funding I advocated for and diverted hundreds of millions of dollars from classrooms around the state to Chicago, unfairly hurting children across the state and unfairly advantaging one school district, a school district that has mismanaged its pension systems for decades,” Rauner told reporters in the state capitol. His action marks a return to the political gridlock that left Illinois without a complete budget for an unprecedented two-straight fiscal years. The Democratic-controlled legislature gave CPS, which is struggling with escalating pension contributions, a funding boost for pensions and state aid in the bill passed in late May. The governor’s office was not immediately able to say exactly how much money for CPS was cut by the veto action. The $36 billion fiscal 2018 state budget the legislature enacted in July over Rauner’s veto prohibits the flow of $6.7 billion in state money to schools in the absence of a funding overhaul like lawmakers approved.  Rauner called for quick action by the General Assembly to accept his changes to the bill or to pass separate legislation reflecting what he wants so school operations will not be threatened. A failure by the House and Senate to muster a required three-fifths majority vote to override or accept the nine changes to the bill Rauner made would kill the measure. The governor has accused Democrats of jeopardizing the ability of schools to open later this month by not sending him the bill until Monday, two months after it was passed. The Illinois State Board of Education said it had not received any requests as of Tuesday from districts, which expect to receive their initial fiscal 2018 state funding by Aug. 10, to delay the start of their school year.  Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who controls the nation’s third-largest public school system, said Rauner was “ignoring the needs of Illinois’ school children” and school superintendents who supported the bill.  ",1
2376,Senate plans September hearings on health insurance market,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate health committee on Tuesday urged U.S. President Donald Trump to drop his threat to cut government subsidy payments to insurers that make Obamacare plans affordable and allow the payments through September. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said his committee would begin bipartisan hearings on stabilizing the individual health insurance market the week of Sept. 4 and urged fellow lawmakers to fund the cost-sharing subsidies for one year. ,1
2377,Trump administration seeks prompt raise of debt ceiling: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Tuesday it believes it is important for Congress to raise the U.S. federal debt ceiling promptly. “To ensure that we have robust economic growth and promote fiscal discipline, the Trump administration believes it’s important to raise the debt ceiling as soon as possible,” said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. ",1
2378,"New York, New Jersey governors replace Port Authority leadership","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said on Tuesday they will replace two top executives at the powerful bi-state agency that controls many of the region’s most critical transportation assets. Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Executive Director Pat Foye, whom Cuomo appointed to the authority in 2011, and Chairman John Degnan, whom Christie appointed in 2014, are leaving. The shakeup comes amid a struggle to find a chief executive officer. This is a new position created under reforms intended to clean up the agency after the “Bridgegate” scandal raised questions of political meddling. Resuming the CEO search will be “one of the first priorities” for the incoming officers, Cuomo and Christie said in a joint statement. Replacing Foye is Rick Cotton, Cuomo’s special counsel since January 2015 who has overseen some of the governor’s highest profile infrastructure projects. Those projects include a replacement for the Tappan Zee Bridge, a $4 billion public-private partnership to renovate LaGuardia Airport’s central terminal and the transformation of an historic post office into a grand waiting hall for Pennsylvania Station, the busiest transport hub in the nation. Tapped to lead the board is Kevin O’Toole, a lawyer, Christie ally and former long-time state senator who joined the board in March. O’Toole and Cotton are expected to be sworn in at a special meeting of the Port Authority board on Thursday. The authority has been slow to fully adopt governance changes after the Bridgegate controversy. In 2013, a former Port Authority executive, David Wildstein, shut down lanes at the George Washington Bridge to cause massive traffic jams as punishment for a local mayor who declined to support Christie’s gubernatorial re-election bid. In his resignation letter to Christie on Tuesday, Chairman Degnan said he was “disappointed” that the CEO position has not yet been implemented. He highlighted changes including posting board meeting agendas and materials online well in advance, allowing the public to comment before board votes, and new guidelines on recusals and oversight. Degnan had championed a replacement for the authority’s crumbling 42nd Street bus terminal in Manhattan, helping to secure about $3.5 billion for the project in the authority’s latest capital plan. Degnan told Reuters in an email that he did not have specific plans other to “increase my attention to nonprofit boards I sit on and watch my grandchildren grow up.” ",1
2379,Mexico sets out NAFTA goals ahead of re-negotiation talks: document,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico has set out its goals for an upcoming re-negotiation of the NAFTA trade accord, according to a document seen by Reuters on Tuesday, prioritizing free access for goods and services, greater labor market integration and a strengthening of energy security.  The economy ministry document, circulating in the Mexican senate and dated July, will serve as the basis for Mexico’s position at the upcoming talks to update the North American Free Trade Agreement. The talks between Canada, Mexico and the United States are due to start in Washington on Aug. 16. “Our objective is to have an expedited negotiation that maintains the benefits that we have achieved during the lifespan of NAFTA, but which at the same time serves as a platform for the modernization of the treaty,” the document says. Mexico will seek to retain unimpeded access for goods and services in the NAFTA region, promote greater integration of North American labor markets and establish rules of origin to guarantee NAFTA’s regional benefits, the document says. Mexico, which is in the midst of implementing a historic opening of its oil, gas and power sectors, also wants to incorporate measures to reflect the transformation of the region’s energy sector and strengthen regional energy security.  Furthermore, the document says, Mexico wants to bolster the dispute resolution mechanisms of NAFTA - a desire that is sure to raise eyebrows in the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, which has sought to ditch the so-called Chapter 19 tool.   Under Chapter 19, binational panels hear complaints about illegal subsidies and dumping, and then issue binding decisions. The United States has frequently lost such cases since NAFTA came into effect in 1994.  The mechanism has hindered the United States from pursuing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Mexican and Canadian firms, and Canada, in particular, has expressed reservations about eliminating it from a new trade agreement. Last week, Mexico’s Congress backed a non-binding motion urging the government to reject the Trump administration’s proposal to scrap Chapter 19. According to the document, Mexico hopes to unify agricultural, animal and health safety regulations, to protect the intellectual property of domestic content producers and to forge measures for transparency and fighting graft. There will also be a focus on capitalizing and strengthening the North American Development Bank, and efforts to consolidate the digital economy. Mexico also hopes to move ahead with the liberalization for services and investment, and support for small and medium-sized companies. ",1
2380,Drug enforcement chief criticizes Trump in email to agents,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration’s acting director criticized President Donald Trump for telling law enforcement officers not to be “too nice” to suspects, urging DEA agents to show “respect and compassion” and saying he felt compelled to speak out when “something is wrong.” Acting Director Chuck Rosenberg sent an agency-wide email on Saturday, one day after Trump’s speech to officers in Brentwood, New York, on Long Island. The email was seen by Reuters on Tuesday. Trump suggested to officers that, as part of a tougher approach to suspects, they do away with practices like protecting the head of a suspect being put into a patrol car. That suggestion drew criticism from many local law enforcement agencies, as well as Rosenberg. “I write because we have an obligation to speak out when something is wrong,” the acting DEA chief said in the email. “The President, in remarks delivered yesterday in New York, condoned police misconduct regarding the treatment of individuals placed under arrest by law enforcement.” Rosenberg, who was not nominated by Trump but is a holdover from the Obama administration, was the first head of a federal agency to challenge Trump’s remarks in a wide arena.  Incidents of police brutality and law enforcement killings of black suspects have sparked mass protests nationwide and led many departments to purchase body cameras to record interactions between officers and the public.  Trump, a Republican, campaigned on a pro-law enforcement platform, winning the support of several police unions by promising to be tough on crime and more supportive of police than his predecessor, Democratic President Barack Obama.  Chuck Canterbury, national president of the Fraternal Order of Police, the nation’s largest police union, said Trump’s “off the cuff comments” are taken “too literally” by news media.  “The President knows, just as every cop out there knows, that our society does not, and should not, tolerate the mistreatment or prejudgment of any individual at any point in the criminal justice process,” Canterbury said in a statement on Saturday.  The DEA combats drug trafficking into the United States from offices nationwide and several international posts.  Rosenberg said he was not seeking to advance a political agenda, but to remind his agents of their core values, including accountability, diversity and integrity.  “This is how we conduct ourselves. This is how we treat those whom we encounter in our work: victims, witnesses, subjects and defendants. This is who we are,” he wrote. ",1
2381,Top Senate Democrat urges Trump to block China deals over North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate called on President Donald Trump on Tuesday to block some Chinese investments in the United States to pressure China “to help rein in North Korea’s threatening and destabilizing behavior.” In a letter to Trump, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer urged him to use his authority through the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, to pressure Beijing by suspending approval of “all mergers and acquisitions in the U.S. by Chinese entities.” Schumer’s request comes amid concern about North Korea, which fired a missile Friday that experts said was capable of hitting Los Angeles. Trump has repeatedly urged China to rein in its ally North Korea, and Schumer agreed. “It is my assessment that China will not deter North Korea unless the United States exacts greater economic pressure on China,” Schumer wrote to Trump, a Republican. “The U.S. must send a clear message to China’s government.” Senator John Cornyn, a Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, was unconvinced that CFIUS was the right tool. “That’s not specifically the purpose of CFIUS. CFIUS is a national security vehicle to try to make sure that high-tech investments by foreign countries don’t steal our cutting-edge technology,” Cornyn said outside his Senate office.  “I’m happy to work with Senator Schumer to figure out what his concerns are,” added Cornyn, who has urged changes at CFIUS because of China. His worry, however, was not North Korea but that China would close the technology gap between the U.S. and Chinese militaries. Led by the U.S. Department of Treasury, CFIUS reviews foreign acquisitions of U.S. companies on national security grounds and can take action on its own or refer cases to the president. In an interview with Reuters Friday, the top U.S. counter-intelligence official suggested the Trump administration was already working on a plan to toughen CFIUS. “We’re making significant progress on that, working with both sides of Pennsylvania Avenue,” said William Evanina, National Counterintelligence Executive, referring to the White House and Congress. “I think it’s going to look a lot different than it does now.” Evanina, whose office oversees U.S. government efforts to counter spying and industrial espionage, declined to be more specific but noted that China’s direct investment in the United States quadrupled from 2015 to 2016, to $48 billion annually. China’s UN ambassador, on the other hand, has said that it was up to Washington and Pyongyang to work toward talks on North Korea’s weapons programs. “(The United States and North Korea) hold the primary responsibility to keep things moving, to start moving in the right direction, not China,” China’s U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi told reporters on Monday. “No matter how capable China is, China’s efforts will not yield practical results.” While China worries about North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs, and the U.S. reaction to them, its overriding concern, U.S. officials say, is to avoid a North Korean collapse, which could send millions of refugees fleeing toward China and lead to a reunified Korea allied with Washington. Schumer’s plan to prohibit CFIUS from approving Chinese deals would be technically legal but would stretch CFIUS’  mandate, CFIUS experts said. “What sounds like effectively a bar on Chinese investment that is being suggested is probably legal but quite different than the case-by-case process that CFIUS has used in the past,” said Stephen Heifetz of the law firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP who represents clients before CFIUS. “The U.S. government should consider the potential for a Chinese response.” The task force this year faces what could well be a record number of deals, many of them controversial as Chinese firms scout U.S. targets as varied as hotels and film studios to hedge against a weaker yuan CNY=. ",1
2382,"Tillerson to travel to Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia: State Department","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will travel to the Philippines, Thailand and Malaysia Aug. 5 to Aug. 9, the State Department said on Tuesday. Tillerson will participate in meetings of diplomats of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Manila, and discuss “denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, maritime security, and counterterrorism,” the State Department said. In Thailand, Tillerson will pay his respects to the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died in 2016, and discuss the U.S.-Thai relationship with officials there. In Malaysia, he will discuss bilateral relations with officials. “Secretary Tillerson’s travel reaffirms the Administration’s commitment to further broaden and enhance U.S. economic and security interests in the Asia-Pacific region,” the State Department said. ",1
2383,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (Aug 1) - Stock market, Fake Media","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions! [0849 EDT] - “Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.” Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch! [0903 EDT] - Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out! [0955 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2384,Massachusetts governor proposes bill to stiffen immigration enforcement,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker proposed a bill on Tuesday to allow police and courts to hold people facing deportation orders in custody for extra time to allow them to be turned over to federal immigration officials. The move by the Republican came a week after the state’s top court ruled that law enforcement does not have the legal authority to comply with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detainer requests. The ICE requests ask that people facing civil deportation orders be held in custody for up to 48 hours after the cases that brought them into the court system are determined. Baker said the court’s decision overturned longstanding policy in the state. “For years, many local police departments and the trial court have cooperated with ICE to ensure that they can detain violent and dangerous criminals, convicted of crimes like murder and rape, to keep our communities safe,” Baker said in a statement. “This bill allows the state police to honor specific detainers.” Baker’s proposal would limit compliance to cases where the person ICE officials want detained is suspected of violent crimes such as terrorism, street-gang activity or human trafficking, or has been convicted of a felony not directly related to his or her immigration status. ICE detainer requests apply to immigrants in the country illegally who are arrested or otherwise enter the criminal justice system. Baker’s proposal would require a judge’s approval to hold people facing a detainer request for longer than 12 hours after their cases are resolved. President Donald Trump has made cracking down on illegal immigration a top priority of his administration. The state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union criticized the move. “Baker’s proposed legislation ... is constitutionally suspect because it attempts to authorize state and local law enforcement to detain people without due process,” the group’s executive director, Carol Rose, said in a statement. The leaders of the Democratic-controlled state legislature in Massachusetts did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Baker’s proposal. ",1
2385,VP Pence says Russia's stance must change before ties improve,"TBILISI (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Tuesday that relations with Russia would not improve until Moscow changed its stance on Ukraine and withdrew support for “regimes like Iran and Syria and North Korea”. The U.S. Congress voted last week for new sanctions on Russia and, at a news conference in Georgia’s capital Tbilisi, Pence said the “lifting of sanctions will require Russia to reverse the actions that caused sanctions to be imposed in the first place”. “Russia’s destabilizing activities in Ukraine, their support for rogue regimes like Iran and Syria and North Korea ... their posture has to change,” he said at a joint news conference with Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili. Pence said U.S. President Donald Trump would sign the new sanctions on Russia into law this week and said that Trump and Congress were “speaking with a unified voice”. Keeping to previous U.S. administrations’ line, Pence also condemned Russia’s presence in Georgia. Moscow, whose annexation of Crimea in 2014 prompted U.S. and EU sanctions, still has troops stationed in Georgia after a 2008 war over the breakaway region of South Ossetia, backing Georgia’s Abkhazia, a region also controlled by pro-Russian separatists. Pence also said the U.S. was still behind Georgia’s application to become a member of NATO. “We’ll continue to work closely with this prime minister and the government of Georgia broadly to advance the policies that will facilitate becoming a NATO member,” he said.     NATO promised Georgia membership in 2008, and three ex-Soviet Baltic nations - Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania - are already members. Pence has reassured them during this tour that Washington firmly backs NATO’s doctrine of collective defense. In the Estonian capital of Tallinn on Monday, he assured them of U.S. support if they faced aggression from Russia. Asked about Pence’s visit, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said nations had the right to choose their partners. “The only problem for us, is when this involves the expanding of various alliances and their infrastructure toward our borders. This is a cause of concern for us,” Peskov told reporters on a conference call. During his visit, Pence attended Georgian-American military exercises, which began in Georgia on Sunday. About 2,800 soldiers from the United States, Britain, Germany, Turkey, Ukraine, Slovenia, Armenia and Georgia are taking part in the maneuvers, which will last for two weeks. On Wednesday, Pence visits Montenegro, which joined NATO in June. The tiny Balkan nation won praise from Washington for joining despite pressure against the move from Russia. ",1
2386,Trump dictated misleading statement on son's meeting with Russian: Washington Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump dictated a statement, later shown to be misleading, in which his son Donald Trump Jr. said a meeting he had with a Russian lawyer in June 2016 was not related to his father’s presidential campaign, the Washington Post reported on Monday. Trump Jr. released emails earlier in July that showed he eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow’s official support for his father. The New York Times was first to report the meeting. The Washington Post said Trump advisers discussed the new disclosure and agreed that Trump Jr. should issue a truthful account of the episode so that it “couldn’t be repudiated later if the full details emerged.” The president, who was flying home from Germany on July 8, changed the plan and “personally dictated a statement in which Trump Jr. said he and the Russian lawyer had ‘primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children,’” the Post said, citing unnamed people with knowledge of the deliberations. It said the statement, issued to the New York Times as it prepared to publish the story, emphasized that the subject of the meeting was “not a campaign issue at the time.” An attorney for Trump, Jay Sekulow, issued a statement in response to the Post report: “Apart from being of no consequence, the characterizations are misinformed, inaccurate, and not pertinent.”  The White House did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on the Post story, nor did Trump Jr.’s attorney, Alan Futerfas. U.S. investigators are probing whether there was collusion between the Kremlin and Trump’s Republican presidential campaign. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow sought to hurt Clinton and help Trump in the 2016 election. Russia denies any interference, and Trump has denied collusion with Russia.The president applauded his son’s “transparency” after he released the email exchanges on July 11. “It remains unclear exactly how much the president knew at the time of the flight about Trump Jr.’s meeting,” the Washington Post said. David Sklansky, a professor of criminal law at Stanford Law School, said that if Trump, as reported by the Post, helped craft a misleading public statement about the meeting, he may have bolstered a potential obstruction of justice case against himself.  To build a criminal obstruction of justice case, federal law requires prosecutors to show that a person acted with “corrupt” intent. A misleading public statement could be used as evidence of corrupt intent, Sklansky said. “Lying usually isn’t a crime,” he said. But “it could be relevant in determining whether something else the president did, like firing (former FBI Director James) Comey, was done corruptly.” ",1
2387,U.S. senators to introduce bill to secure 'internet of things',"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A bipartisan group of U.S. senators on Tuesday plans to introduce legislation seeking to address vulnerabilities in computing devices embedded in everyday objects - known in the tech industry as the “internet of things” - which experts have long warned poses a threat to global cyber security.     The new bill would require vendors that provide internet-connected equipment to the U.S. government to ensure their products are patchable and conform to industry security standards. It would also prohibit vendors from supplying devices that have unchangeable passwords or possess known security vulnerabilities.  Republicans Cory Gardner and Steve Daines and Democrats Mark Warner and Ron Wyden are sponsoring the legislation, which was drafted with input from technology experts at the Atlantic Council and Harvard University. A Senate aide who helped write the bill said that companion legislation in the House was expected soon. “We’re trying to take the lightest touch possible,” Warner told Reuters in an interview. He added that the legislation was intended to remedy an “obvious market failure” that has left device manufacturers with little incentive to build with security in mind. The legislation would allow federal agencies to ask the U.S. Office of Management and Budget for permission to buy some non-compliant devices if other controls, such as network segmentation, are in place. It would also expand legal protections for cyber researchers working in “good faith” to hack equipment to find vulnerabilities so manufacturers can patch previously unknown flaws.     Security researchers have long said that the ballooning array of online devices including cars, household appliances, speakers and medical equipment are not adequately protected from hackers who might attempt to steal personal information or launch sophisticated cyber attacks. Between 20 billion and 30 billion devices are expected to be connected to the internet by 2020, researchers estimate, with a large percentage of them insecure. Though security for the internet of things has been a known  problem for years, some manufacturers say they are not well equipped to produce cyber secure devices. Hundreds of thousands of insecure webcams, digital records and other everyday devices were hijacked last October to support a major attack on internet infrastructure that temporarily knocked some web services offline, including Twitter, PayPal and Spotify.  The new legislation includes “reasonable security recommendations” that would be important to improve protection of federal government networks, said Ray O’Farrell, chief technology officer at cloud computing firm VMware. ",1
2388,U.S. embassy in Moscow says locked out of diplomatic property,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The U.S. embassy in Moscow accused Russian authorities on Monday of barring diplomatic staff from a property on the outskirts of Moscow, after having earlier agreed to grant access until midday on Tuesday for them to retrieve belongings. A Russian foreign ministry official, quoted by state news agency RIA, said the U.S. embassy had sent in its trucks without first obtaining permits which, the official said, are required by law because the property is in a conservation area.  The property, in a picturesque spot on a bend in the Moskva river northwest of the capital, is leased by the U.S. embassy for its staff to use for recreation.  Moscow has said it is taking it back as part of retaliatory measures after Washington approved a fresh round of sanctions against Russia. A Reuters TV cameraman outside the country residence, known in Russian as a dacha, saw five vehicles with diplomatic license plates, including a truck, arrive at the site. He said they were denied entry. An embassy spokeswoman said: “In line with the Russian government notification, the U.S. Mission to Russia was supposed to have access to our dacha until noon on Aug. 1.  “We have not had access all day today or yesterday,” she said. “We refer you to the Russian government to explain why not.” The Russian foreign ministry official, who was not identified, said the Americans were to blame for failing to obtain the necessary permits. To accuse Russia of blocking access amounts to a “pre-meditated provocation,” RIA news agency cited the official as saying.  ",1
2389,Trump bump: Court fights draw big money into attorney general races,"(Reuters) - Four years ago, Frances Broaddus-Crutchfield, 74, gave $500 to the campaign of Virginia’s Democratic Attorney General Mark Herring.  This election cycle, the lifelong Democrat who lives on a farm in Powhatan County, Virginia, upped the ante, donating $6,500 so far to Herring’s re-election bid. “These are desperate times,” she said.  Like many Democratic state attorneys general, Herring has made legal challenges to the agenda of President Donald Trump a priority. He joined with attorneys general in other states to challenge Trump’s executive order banning travel to the United States from six predominately Muslim countries and to defend former President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which aims to slash carbon emissions.  Those fights, and the prospect of others, are drawing record amounts of campaign contributions into attorney general races in a number of states, according to campaign finance records and more than a dozen interviews with attorneys general, challengers, political operatives and donors.  Attorneys general, who as the top elected legal officers in each state are charged with defending state agencies from lawsuits as well as initiating litigation on their own, have always helped shape national politics.  But their influence grew during the Obama administration, when Republican attorneys general regularly sued the administration over immigration and the environment. Now, with Republicans controlling the White House and Congress, Democrats are using the same playbook to challenge some of Trump’s initiatives in the courts.  Donors from both parties have taken notice and are pouring money into upcoming attorneys general campaigns. In his most recent campaign filings, Herring reported raising about $2.8 million through the end of June - over three times more than he had at this point during his campaign four years ago.  “What I am seeing is a lot of energy,” Herring said.  Herring’s Republican challenger this November, John Adams, has also done well. A corporate defense lawyer who worked in George W. Bush’s White House, Adams has raised about $1.5 million, roughly 26 percent more at this point than the Republican candidate in Virginia had in 2013.  “When I first ran in 2012 I would tell people this is one of the most consequential offices, and people would give me a funny look,” said Bob Ferguson, Washington state’s attorney general who successfully sued to block Trump’s first travel ban. “I don’t get that look anymore.”  The national fundraising arm for Republican attorneys general, RAGA, announced raising a record $7.4 million in the first six months of 2017, 45 percent more than at this point during the last election cycle in 2015. Republican AGs have filed legal briefs defending Trump’s travel ban and other policies.  “The substantive work we are doing helping the Trump administration, but also weighing in on a lot of regulatory issues, is motivating people,” said West Virginia attorney general Patrick Morrisey, RAGA’s chairman.  Meanwhile, the Democratic AG’s counterpart, DAGA, raised about $3.1 million between January and June, DAGA executive director Sean Rankin said, 73 percent more than in the first half of 2015.  DAGA hired full time finance staff for the first time this year, Rankin said, and launched its first candidate recruiting program. “Four years ago people weren’t moving at this pace,” he said.  To be sure, some donors are motivated by more than simply whether a candidate supports or opposes Trump. C. Boyden Gray, who served as a White House counsel and then Ambassador to the European Union under two Republican presidents, doubled his donation in the Virginia AG’s race this year, largely because he thinks Adams has the talent to aspire to even higher office.  But Gray also said he recognizes the growing stature of attorneys general.  “They’ve upped their game over the last decade,” Gray said.  RAGA decided this year to end a longstanding custom to avoid spending money against Democratic incumbents, and DAGA followed suit. Neither committee has yet filed individual donor lists for the first half of 2017; the deadline is Monday.  Republicans currently hold 29 state AG seats across the country. Next year, 32 AG elections are scheduled including the District of Columbia.  In Wisconsin, Republican attorney general Brad Schimel has raised about $454,000 through the end of June, even though he is not up for reelection until November 2018. In his 2014 campaign Schimel had not raised that much until about three months before his election.  A representative for Schimel did not return requests for comment.  Schimel faces Josh Kaul, an attorney who has raised about $175,000 since he launched his run in April. Kaul’s law firm, Perkins Coie, served as top election law adviser to Hillary Clinton’s campaign last year.  Kaul’s campaign has already drawn RAGA’s attention, which funded a web site targeting him. RAGA has also funded online ads against Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, who is expected to run for reelection next year, and set up a website attacking Aaron Ford, a Democratic state senator in Nevada eyeing an AG run in 2018.  In Colorado, four Democrats are currently vying for the AG nomination. The fundraising leader, Phil Weiser, served as a technology advisor in the Obama White House and has raised about $355,000 through the end of June, almost four times more than the Democratic candidate had raised at this point in 2013.  The incumbent, Republican Cynthia Coffman, has disclosed about $40,000 in contributions to her AG committee. However, Coffman is also mulling a run for governor, and it is unclear whether donors are awaiting her decision before they write checks.  Coffman did not respond to a request for comment.  Weiser, who has made fighting Trump the centerpiece of his messaging, says Democratic donors are making a “sophisticated investment” to confront the administration.  “I’m pushing on an open door,” Weiser said.  ",1
2390,Connecticut lawmakers approve labor pact with pension concessions,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Connecticut lawmakers narrowly approved a new labor contract with public employees on Monday that is expected to save the state at least $1.2 billion - largely through pension concessions - and could clear the way for lawmakers to agree on a past due budget. The total savings are combined over five years, from fiscal 2017 through 2021, according to a report from the legislature’s office of fiscal analysis on Monday. The house approved the deal last week. On Monday evening Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman, a Democrat who acts as president of the Connecticut Senate, broke a tie so the measure could pass 19 to 18. The state missed its July 1 deadline to pass a biennial budget for the current and next fiscal year, leading Governor Dannel Malloy, a Democrat, to take over state spending and slash costs.  The labor pact is “a key piece toward adopting a budget for our state,” Malloy said in a statement after the vote. “I am urging legislative leaders on both sides of the aisle to work with our administration on finding a solution on this as possible so that the most vulnerable populations do not suffer long-term consequences.” Pension and healthcare provisions were also extended until 2027 in the deal, which Malloy said would ultimately save $24 billion over 20 years. Labor costs have been one sticking point in budget talks as lawmakers differed with each other and Malloy over how to close a $5.1 billion shortfall over two years. Through the State Employee Bargaining Agent Coalition (SEBAC), which covers about 42,000 members in 15 different unions, public employees ratified the deal on July 17. They negotiated with Malloy, who said the agreement would shave $1.6 billion off of the current deficit. This fiscal year alone contains the biggest savings of any other year at $371.8 million, the legislative analysis said. The largest concessions come from changes to public pensions and retiree healthcare. Employees will contribute more towards their pensions, and annual cost of living adjustments will be tied to the consumer price index. Wages will also be frozen for the three years ending fiscal 2019 but will be raised 3.5 percent in each of the following two years.  Republican critics said that concessions did not go far enough, that taxes would have to rise to pay for it and that the deal squandered an opportunity for a broader restructuring of public pensions and benefits. ",1
2391,Trump aims at insurers in battle over healthcare subsidies,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at insurers on Monday in an escalating threat to cut the healthcare subsidy payments that make Obamacare plans affordable, after repeatedly urging Republican senators to keep working to undo his Democratic predecessor’s healthcare law. “If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn’t it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?” Trump, a Republican, wrote on Twitter. Trump, frustrated that he and Republicans have not been able to keep campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare, has threatened to let it implode. So far, the administration has continued to make the monthly subsidy payments, but withholding them would be one way to make good on Trump’s threat. Republican Senator Rand Paul told reporters on Monday he spoke to Trump by phone and the president was considering taking executive action to address problems with the healthcare system. Paul said he told Trump he thought he had the authority to create associations that would allow organizations - such as the AARP that represents retirees, or the U.S. Chamber of Commerce - to offer group health insurance plans. The White House declined to comment on matter. On Capitol Hill, Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said senators were too divided to keep working on healthcare overhaul legislation, and that he and other senior Republicans would take that message to the White House. “There’s just too much animosity and we’re too divided on healthcare,” Hatch said in an interview. He said lawmakers could return to a healthcare overhaul later but for now should pivot to tax reform. Some senators were not ready to drop healthcare, however. Senator Bill Cassidy, Republican of Louisiana, met with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and several Republican state governors at the White House on Monday to discuss a proposal Cassidy and others have made to send federal healthcare funds to the states in grants, Cassidy told reporters. But Cassidy said he had not discussed bringing his proposal to the Senate floor with Senate leaders. And the third-ranking Republican senator, John Thune, told reporters Monday evening that until there is a proposal that can win a majority of senators’ support, “I think we’ve had our vote and we’re moving onto tax reform.” Hatch, in the interview with Reuters, also said he thought Congress would have to approve new funds for the government’s cost-sharing reduction subsidies to insurers that Trump had been threatening to end. These subsidies lower the price of health coverage for the poor under the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare.  Insurers have asked the government to commit to making the $8 billion in payments for 2018, saying they may raise rates or leave the individual insurance marketplace if there is too much uncertainty.  ",1
2392,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 31) - Obamacare, Insurance companies, Stock market","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn’t it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays? [0816 EDT] - Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos! [0828 EDT] - A great day at the White House! [1719 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2393,Scaramucci drama has no bearing on pending SkyBridge sale: HNA,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Anthony Scaramucci’s swift exit as U.S. President Donald Trump’s communications director on Monday has no bearing on the pending sale of the firm he founded, SkyBridge Capital, parties involved in the deal said.  “The transaction remains on track and is expected to close by the end of the summer,” said Robert Rendine, a spokesman for HNA Capital U.S., a subsidiary of Chinese conglomerate HNA Group. HNA, along with holding company Ron Transatlantic EG, in January announced an agreement to purchase a majority stake in SkyBridge, the New York-based hedge fund investment firm. The sale came as Scaramucci planned to join the Trump administration, although it took months for a role to materialize and was not the one he initially anticipated. A representative for Ron was not immediately available, but a person familiar with the company, speaking on condition of anonymity, also said the transaction was on track.  Woomi Yun, a spokeswoman for SkyBridge, also said the deal was proceeding as planned and was expected to close by the end of the summer. She declined to comment on Scaramucci’s exit from the White House and whether he would return to the firm.  Scaramucci did not respond to an email and phone call seeking comment. Trump fired Scaramucci on Monday just over a week after naming him to the job. The move followed an obscene tirade by the Wall Street financier and the appointment of retired Marine Corps General John Kelly as White House chief of staff, sources familiar with the decision said, in the latest staff upheaval to hit the Republican president’s six-month-old administration. The sale of SkyBridge is under review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS. A spokesman for the Treasury Department, which chairs CFIUS, did not respond to an email request for comment. HNA has been on a multibillion-dollar international acquisition spree, scooping up stakes in companies including Deutsche Bank , Old Mutual Asset Management  and Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc . HNA’s chief executive officer, Adam Tan, recently pushed back against media reports that the aviation-to-financial services conglomerate faces mounting pressure from its bankers and regulators, even as the pace of its acquisitions slows. ",1
2394,Trump felt Scaramucci comments to New Yorker inappropriate: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump felt Anthony Scaramucci, whom he fired as his communications chief on Monday, made inappropriate comments to The New Yorker magazine, the White House said. “The president certainly felt that Anthony’s comments were inappropriate for a person in that position and he didn’t want to burden General Kelly,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said at a briefing, referring to John Kelly, who was sworn in as the new White House chief of staff earlier on Monday. Trump fired Scaramucci on Monday just over a week after naming him to the job in the latest staff upheaval to hit the Republican’s six-month-old administration. Scaramucci, appointed to the communications post by Trump 10 days ago, had attacked then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon in profanity-laden and vulgar terms in a telephone call to a journalist from The New Yorker magazine last week. The comments caused a stir among lawmakers and some religious leaders, but Scaramucci did not apologize. In response to the backlash he said on Twitter that he would refrain from using such “colorful” language again in his new position. Sanders declined to identify what specifically Trump found  inappropriate about Scaramucci’s comments. ",1
2395,Trump administration reaches deal with Texas counties on immigration,"GRAPEVINE, Texas (Reuters) - U.S. immigration authorities signed deals on Monday with 18 of Texas’ 254 counties to expand a program that allows jailers at local sheriffs’ offices to cooperate with federal authorities in immigration enforcement. The deal signed at a sheriffs’ meeting in suburban Dallas comes as both the administration of U.S. Republican President Donald Trump, and Texas, the most populous Republican-controlled state, seek to crack down on “sanctuary cities,” places that shield immigrants who are in the country illegally. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement reached what is known as a 287(g) agreement with the counties. The deal trains local agents in the sheriff’s offices to check if the people they have in custody may be in violation of U.S. immigration law. The program has been on the books since 1996 and allows the Department of Homeland Security to enter into formal written agreements with state and local police departments for officers to perform some of the functions of federal immigration enforcement officials.  “There’s no doubt that arresting removable aliens in a jail  is safer for the officers, safer for the community and even safer for the alien himself,” Acting ICE Director Tom Homan told a news conference. A.J. Louderback, sheriff of Jackson County, told the news conference that his county southwest of Houston joined the program to control criminality. The sheriff of Harris County, the most populous county in the state and home to Houston, dropped out of the program earlier this year, saying it cost his office too much in terms of manpower and money. Many of the 18 counties, which have a total population of about 1.5 million, are near Harris County. Texas has a population of about 28 million. The new agreement in Texas is for jails, but a task force model of the program has been used to allow police on patrol to check on people’s immigration status. Civil rights groups contend the method promotes illegal racial profiling. Former President Barack Obama’s administration wound down the task force model and only six new agreements were added between 2012 and 2016, according ICE, part of Homeland Security.  With the addition of the 18 programs in Texas, ICE now has 60 active 287(g) agreements, nearly double the number of programs that were active in 2016. The mandate to expand the program was outlined in an executive order on immigration enforcement signed just days after Trump took office in January. ",1
2396,"Trump studying executive action on healthcare, senator Rand Paul says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Rand Paul said he spoke to President Donald Trump by phone about healthcare reform on Monday and told the president he thought Trump had the authority to create associations that would allow organizations to offer group health insurance plans. Paul, a Republican, told reporters that Trump was considering taking some form of executive action to address problems with the healthcare system after the Senate failed last week to pass a measure to reform the system. Allowing groups like AARP, which represents retirees, to form health associations could enable individuals and small businesses to form larger groups to negotiate with health insurance companies for lower rates. ",1
2397,Chicago projects shrinking budget gaps in 2017 and 2018,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago will continue to shrink its structural budget deficit in 2017 and 2018, but faces new pension funding pressures starting in 2020, according to a financial analysis released by the city on Monday. The nation’s third-largest city projects it will end fiscal 2017 on Dec. 31 with a $137.6 million gap in its $3.73 billion operating budget, down from $232.6 million in fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2018, the deficit is expected to fall by 17 percent to $114.2 million. The city’s budget gaps have been declining since hitting a high of $654.7 million in fiscal 2011. “This decrease is a direct result of sustainable and balanced revenue growth coupled with lasting savings and reforms made in the past six budgets,” the city’s analysis said. Chicago has taken big steps in recent years to shore up its four employee retirement systems by hiking property taxes for its police and fire fighter funds, levying a new tax on water and sewer usage for its municipal workers’ fund, and increasing a telephone surcharge for its laborers’ fund. The city is gradually increasing contributions to the systems until it meets requirements for actuarially funding public safety worker pensions in 2020 and for the other two systems in 2022. As a result, Chicago’s pension payments will jump from $1.18 billion in fiscal 2018 to a projected $1.7 billion in fiscal 2020, topping $2 billion in fiscal 2022 when all four systems will be on an actuarially funded path, according to the analysis. At the same time, the city is weaning itself off of one-time revenue fixes, such as so-called scoop and toss restructurings of outstanding bonds to push off debt payments.  Chicago’s base budget forecast indicates gaps of $212.7  million in fiscal 2019 and $330.3 million in 2020, although the projections do not completely account for escalating pension payments. “The city previously secured ongoing and sustainable funding sources to match these growing contributions, and the funding sources for these increased contributions will be determined through our annual budget process,” the analysis said.  The city’s total unfunded pension liability, which climbed to $35.76 billion in fiscal 2016 from $33.8 billion in fiscal 2015, has been a concern of credit rating agencies that currently rate Chicago at the low investment grade to junk levels. ",1
2398,Republicans want tech input on U.S. net neutrality legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee on Monday asked for input from Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O), Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and other major companies on a proposed rewrite of rules governing consumer internet access, according to an email reviewed by Reuters. Last week, the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee’s chairman asked the chief executives of those three companies, as well as AT&T Inc (T.N), Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) to testify at a Sept. 7 hearing on the future of net neutrality rules. None of the companies have agreed yet to testify. On Monday, a lawyer for the committee, Robin Colwell, asked the companies to weigh in on what net neutrality legislation could look like.  “So all we are looking for at this stage is a list of asks. From your perspective, what needs to stay, what needs to be added, and what needs to go?” she wrote in an email. Representative Greg Walden, the Republican who chairs the committee, said last week that “the time has come to get everyone to the table and get this figured out.” Walden, Colwell added “continues to be interested in moving forward on a bipartisan legislative solution to the longstanding issue of net neutrality. Since we all basically agree on the fundamental principles and the need to provide certainty for all participants in the internet economy, he believes we are close to reaching an agreement.” The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is considering tossing out 2015 Obama administration net neutrality rules that reclassified internet service as a public utility. The rules bar providers from blocking, slowing or offering paid prioritization of websites. Many internet providers want Congress to step in and write permanent rules. A group representing major technology companies earlier this month urged the FCC to abandon plans to rescind the rules barring internet service providers from hindering consumer access to Web content or offering paid “fast lanes.” Major internet services have urged the FCC to reverse the rules, even as they vowed not to hinder internet access. In May, the FCC voted 2-1 to advance Republican FCC Chairman Ajit Pai’s plan to withdraw the Obama administration’s order reclassifying internet service providers as utilities. More than 14 million public comments have been filed. The Internet Association, a group representing companies including Facebook, Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), said last week it was “open to alternative legal bases for the rules, either via legislative action codifying the existing net neutrality rules or via sound legal theories.” ",1
2399,Exclusive: Senate too divided to keep up healthcare push - Senator Hatch,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said on Monday that senators for now are too divided to keep working on healthcare overhaul legislation and that he and other senior Republicans will take that message to the White House. President Donald Trump has been urging lawmakers not to drop the matter, despite a series of failed votes last week. “There’s just too much animosity and we’re too divided on healthcare,” Hatch said in an interview with Reuters. He said he would prefer Congress not appropriate cost-sharing subsidies that help make Obamacare plans affordable but added, “I think we’re going to have to do that.” Trump over the weekend urged Republican senators to stick with trying to pass an overhaul of the Affordable Care Act, former President Obama’s signature domestic initiative known as Obamacare. Trump made replacing Obamacare a key part of his presidential campaign and Republicans have promised for years to repeal or replace the law. The House of Representatives has passed an overhaul but the Senate has been unable to do so despite having worked on it for months. Three Senate Republicans joined Democrats in voting against repealing even part of the law at the end of last week. “Don’t give up Republican senators, the world is watching: Repeal & Replace ...,” Trump tweeted on Sunday while White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said the Senate should stay in session to get something done on healthcare, even if it means postponing votes on other issues. Hatch said although he understood Mulvaney’s position, he did not think he was right. The senator said he saw no real desire on the part of Democrats to work together on the healthcare issue “and I have to say some Republicans are at fault there, too.” Hatch said he had not given up on healthcare. “I think we ought to acknowledge that we can come back to healthcare afterwards but we need to move ahead on tax reform,” Hatch said. Asked who would relay the message to the Trump administration, Hatch laughed and said, “I’m going to be one who does that,” adding that he expected Republican leaders of the House and Senate, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, would do so, too.  Hatch said lawmakers would need to appropriate the cost-sharing subsidy payments that the administration has been making. Trump has threatened to cut off these subsidies, which help insurers keep deductibles down for low-income people who get health insurance through the Obamacare exchanges. “I’m for helping the poor, always have been. And I don’t think they should be bereft of healthcare,” Hatch said. ",1
2400,U.S. Senator Hatch says 25 percent corporate rate a challenge in tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans and the Trump administration face a challenge reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 25 percent, let alone to the 15 percent rate sought by President Donald Trump, the Senate’s top tax law writer said on Monday. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, in an interview with Reuters, said that getting the corporate rate to 25 percent from 35 percent would bring a sea change to the U.S. economy. But he added that bipartisan cooperation may be necessary for tax reform to succeed. The Utah Republican’s comments mark the first time that a member of the “Big Six” principals involved in high-level tax reform talks has described a 25 percent corporate tax rate as a challenge. In recent weeks, officials have described a target range of 20 to 25 percent. He described Trump’s 15 percent proposal as “very unlikely”. “In fact, it would be kind of miraculous if we could get it down to 25 percent or less. I’d like to get it down to around 20 percent. I’d love to get it at 15 percent if we could,” Hatch said. “But I think the odds are, we’re going to be lucky to get it down at all.” Twenty percent is the corporate tax rate proposed by Republicans in the House of Representatives.  He said success could hinge on getting Democratic support for tax legislation, saying he has had discussions on a bipartisan path forward with his committee’s top Democrat, Senator Ron Wyden. He called on Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer to “open the door” to cross-party cooperation. Hatch and other Big Six negotiators from the Senate, White House, Treasury and House issued a joint statement last week, emphasizing their commitment to sweeping tax law changes. On Monday, a White House aide said Trump would travel to promote tax reform in states including Michigan and Wisconsin. The White House hopes the House will vote on tax legislation in October and the Senate in November. “If we could get the corporate tax rate down to, let’s say, a maximum of 25 percent, it would be a sea change for this country. It would be great,” Hatch said. “In this current Congress, it’s almost impossible to change because the Democrats have just about slowed everything down to such a point that we can’t hardly move on anything. But I’m going to try to break through and get this done.” ",1
2401,Wisconsin to consider $3 billion Foxconn incentive package,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Wisconsin governor ordered the state legislature back into special session on Tuesday to consider an incentive package that would award Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn $3 billion over 15 years in mostly cash incentives and waive several state environmental reviews.  Foxconn said last week in a White House ceremony it plans to build a $10 billion LCD flat screen factory in southeast Wisconsin. The company, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd (2317.TW), hopes to open the 20 million-square-foot plant in 2020 at a 1,000-acre site and will initially employ 3,000 people. Republican Governor Scott Walker and Foxconn said the company ultimately may employ 13,000 people at the site.  The draft bill released Monday discloses new details of the expensive incentive package that Wisconsin offered as it competed with six other states to land the project that it says will also generate 22,000 ancillary jobs and 10,000 construction jobs. The Republican-controlled legislature will take up the measure on Tuesday but it is not clear when they will vote. If the incentives are approved, the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation would then negotiate a formal contract with Foxconn on the project, said Mark Maley, a spokesman for WEDC. Tim Bartik, an economist at the Upjohn Institute for Employment Research in Michigan who studies government tax incentives, said the Foxconn package is at least six times the average U.S. award but similar to some deals for auto plants and planemaker Boeing Co (BA.N). Foxconn is a major supplier to Apple Inc (AAPL.O) for its iPhones but the company has not said if the Wisconsin factory would produce any parts for Apple. Under the legislation, Foxconn can receive up to $200 million per year in refundable tax credits, capped at $2.85 billion if meets capital and employment compensation targets. It can also avoid paying $150 million in sales taxes on building materials, equipment and supplies. Although the state measures to attract Foxconn are labeled tax incentives, they largely would be paid in cash since the effective Wisconsin state tax rate is 0.4 percent on manufacturers. In addition to incentives, President Donald Trump suggested the investment decision was due to his election and promised changes in corporate regulatory and tax policy. The incentives include up to $1.5 billion in state income tax credits for job creation and up to $1.35 billion in state income tax credits for capital investment. Foxconn is eligible for additional local incentives. The company is eligible for refundable tax credits equal to 17 percent of wages paid instead of the typical 7 percent and 15 percent of capital costs instead of 10 percent. Wisconsin also agreed in the draft legislation to issue up to $252.4 million in state debt to reconstruct parts of Interstate 94 near the sites that the company is considering sites in Kenosha and Racine counties near the border with Illinois.  The draft legislation released by Walker waives a required state environmental impact statement and allows the company to discharge dredged or fill material into some wetlands without state permits. The legislation also would allow Foxconn to connect artificial bodies of water with natural waterways without state permits. Foxconn Chairman Terry Gou told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that one reason Wisconsin was appealing is because of its proximity to abundant fresh water from Lake Michigan needed to build panels. The legislation also waives requiring approval for the project by the Public Service Commission, which oversees power and water utilities in Wisconsin.  ",1
2402,White House communications director Scaramucci leaves in order to 'clean slate',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Monday that Anthony Scaramucci, named by President Donald Trump as communications director only 10 days ago, was leaving the post. The change comes days after Scaramucci delivered a profanity-laced tirade against other top Trump aides - and hours after Trump swore in John Kelly, a new chief of staff, to bring discipline to his West Wing. “Mr. Scaramucci felt it was best to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
2403,New U.S. rule on class actions survives first challenge,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new U.S. rule aimed at restoring consumers’ ability to band together to sue financial companies has survived its first challenge, as a top banking regulator on Monday said he would not petition for it to be suspended. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule abolishing “mandatory arbitration clauses” was released on July 10, and was immediately threatened by Republicans in Congress and President Donald Trump’s administration. Acting U.S. Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika publicly argued with CFPB Director Richard Cordray, appointed by former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, over whether the rule could endanger the banking system.  Many had expected Noreika to ask colleagues on the Financial Stability Oversight Council consisting of the country’s chief financial regulators to stay the rule. But in Monday’s statement he said he was unable to complete a thorough review of the rule in time to make a petition. “Nothing so far diminishes my concerns that the rule may adversely affect the institutions within the federal banking system and their customers,” Noreika said, adding it “may have unintended consequences” such as increased costs. The CFPB declined to comment. Still, Noreika backing down was a victory for the independent agency, which spent years researching and writing the rule.  The rule bans companies from requiring customers to sign an agreement when opening new accounts that they will not join a group lawsuit, or class action, in the event of a dispute. Instead they must take disputes to secret arbitration. Critics of the rule say class actions mostly benefit lawyers, while arbitration is quick, cost-effective, and renders large awards for complainants.  Supporters, though, say citizens are entitled to a day in court and companies often hire the arbitrators, rigging the process against the customers. They also say public proceedings are effective at ending bad corporate behavior. “The rule is a well thought-out response to the serious consumer harm of forced arbitration,” said Brian Marshall, policy counsel for advocacy group Americans for Financial Reform.  Noreika’s threat is not the only one levied against the regulation. But it was the first time a stay from the oversight council was seriously considered to dismantle a rule. Noreika added he hopes congressional efforts to kill the  rule succeed. Even though the House of Representatives passed a resolution repealing it earlier this month, Republicans hold a slimmer majority in the Senate and will struggle to gather enough votes for a similar resolution, analysts said.",1
2404,President Trump to travel to promote tax overhaul legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, who has been criticized for not doing enough to help pass health care legislation, will do more traveling to try to drum up support for tax legislation, a senior White House aide said on Monday.  Specifically, Trump could travel to some Midwest states like Michigan and Wisconsin that he won during the 2016 presidential campaign but are still represented by Democrats in Congress. “In terms of travel, I think you will see him out there more ... in the states where we need votes,” said Marc Short, the White House’s legislative liaison.  The Republican effort to repeal Obamacare failed in the Senate last week, leaving party leaders looking ahead to try to tackle an overhaul of the tax code. But it has also left many questioning how taxes will be different, especially if Trump, who suffers from low national approval ratings, does not become more actively involved in pushing for the bill. Short said that unlike the health care, which he called more complicated, the White House has been working to build support for tax reform among national groups aligned with their ideology. His remarks came at a tax panel discussion sponsored by Americans for Prosperity, a group funded by Republican donors Charles and David Koch that organizes supporters across the country to contact their members of Congress in favor of conservative legislation.  Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, speaking on the same panel, echoed his remarks.  “The message is [tax reform] may not be perfect for everything you want, but it’s going to be really really good for the economy and better than what we have,” Mnuchin said. ",1
2405,Senator McCain says he will offer Afghanistan strategy in September,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator John McCain said on Monday he would offer a plan for a U.S. strategy in the war in Afghanistan as an amendment to a defense authorization bill in September. “Eight years of a ‘don’t lose’ strategy has cost us lives and treasure in Afghanistan,” McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement. “When the Senate takes up the National Defense Authorization Act in September, I will offer an amendment based on the advice of some our best military leaders that will provide a strategy for success in achieving America’s national interests in Afghanistan.” ",1
2406,Trump removes Scaramucci as communications director: NYT,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has decided to remove Anthony Scaramucci from his job as communications director, the New York Times reported on Monday, citing three unidentified people close to the decision. News of Scaramucci’s removal came hours after Trump swore in a new chief of staff, retired General John Kelly. Politico reported the dismissal came at Kelly’s request, citing two unidentified White House officials. ",1
2407,Trump '100 percent' committed to take on tax reform in 2017: Cohn,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is committed to overhauling the U.S. tax code before the end of 2017, a top White House economic advisor said on Monday. “The president is 100 percent committed to getting tax reform done this year,” said Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, at the start of a listening session with real estate industry groups on taxes. “We just had a cabinet meeting ... the No. 1 topic at the cabinet meeting was talking about taxes and tax reform and what it would take to get tax reform done this year,” Cohn said. ",1
2408,N.J. Governor Chris Christie accosts heckler in Milwaukee,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie confronted a baseball fan who heckled him during a Sunday night game in Milwaukee, according to a video posted by local media, making the unpopular governor the target of another round of online jokes. The second-term Republican can be seen clutching a bowl of nachos and leaning over a man identified as Brad Joseph, telling him “you’re a big shot,” before walking away down a flight of stairs, according to a video of the incident posted online by Milwaukee’s WISN television. Joseph told the station he yelled Christie’s name when the governor was going up the stairs and called him a “hypocrite” during the game between the Milwaukee Brewers and Chicago Cubs. “(He) was yelling at me. First he told me, ‘Why don’t you have another beer?’ which I thought was a decent come back, and I thought that was kind of funny,” the station quoted Joseph as saying. “Then he started calling me a tough guy.” A representative from Christie’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday.  Many social media users took to Twitter to express their anger over Christie’s actions. Comedian Nick Jack Pappas tweeted on Sunday, “Chris Christie just proved it’s impossible to look tough with your pants pulled up to your chest.” “Dude shoulda smacked those nachos out of @ChrisChristie hands and told him to go back to the ‘closed’ public beach where it’s safe,” tweeted Zach Thurman on Monday.  Christie made headlines earlier this month after getting slammed for relaxing at a New Jersey state beach amid a government shutdown that made the beach off limits to everyone else.  Altered photos of Christie in a beach chair spread across the internet, depicting him a White House meeting, movie and television scenes and other unlikely settings. Christie is one of the most-disliked U.S. governors, with a Quinnipiac University poll in June finding that eight of 10 New Jersey voters disapproved of the job be was doing, which it said was the worst of any governor and the lowest job approval rating it had found for any governor in 20 years. ",1
2409,Republicans call on new Trump chief of staff to fix White House chaos,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans on Sunday urged President Donald Trump’s new chief of staff John Kelly to rein in the chaos within the White House on Monday but said the retired Marine Corps general will be challenged to assert control. In his first six months in office, Trump has upended White House convention with a loose decision-making style and an open-door policy to his Oval Office for advisers, both internal and external. Infighting among his senior staff has become bitter and public. “He’s going to have to reduce the drama, reduce both the sniping within and reduce the leaks, and bring some discipline to the relationships,” Karl Rove, a Republican strategist and former White House adviser to George W. Bush, said on “Fox News Sunday.” Trump announced Kelly would replace his embattled chief of staff Reince Priebus at the end of a particularly chaotic week that saw his first legislative effort - healthcare reform - fail in Congress. “He (Trump) is in a lot of trouble. This week was the most tumultuous week we’ve seen in a tumultuous presidency,” Rove said. On top of the healthcare debacle, Trump came under fire for banning transgender people from the military, and was pilloried for politicizing a speech he made to the Boy Scouts. Adding fuel to the fire, his new communications director Anthony Scaramucci unleashed a string of profane criticism about Priebus and Trump strategist Steven Bannon to a New Yorker magazine reporter. Republicans welcomed Trump’s decision to bring in Kelly, who starts on Monday. “I think he will bring some order and discipline to the West Wing,” said Republican Senator Susan Collins and Trump critic on  NBC’s “Meet the Press.” The last week heightened concerns in Trump’s party that the distractions and West Wing dysfunction would derail other legislative priorities, including tax reform and debt ceiling negotiations. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said he thought Priebus had been effective “but was probably a little bit more laid back” in the way he ran the office. “I think the president wants to go in a different direction, wants a little bit more discipline, a little more structure in there,” said Mulvaney, who reports to the chief of staff. It is not yet clear whether all of Trump’s senior staff will answer to Kelly. Some members, including Scaramucci and senior counselor Kellyanne Conway, report directly to Trump, a structure which gives them more power. “I will do whatever the president and our new chief of staff General Kelly ask me to do,” Conway told Fox News’ “Fox News Sunday.” Kelly should be empowered to be the gatekeeper to the Oval Office, said Mike Huckabee, the former Republican governor of Arkansas, whose daughter Sarah Sanders is Trump’s spokeswoman. “That’s what needs to happen, but that’s going to be up to the president,” Huckabee said on Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures.” “The president has a very different style, he’s very open, the door is open, he invites people to just come on it to a meeting,” Huckabee said. To be effective, Kelly needs to find a way to work within Trump’s untraditional style, said Corey Lewandowski, who was a former campaign manager to Trump, and remains close to the president. “The thing that General Kelly should do is not try to change Donald Trump,” Lewandowski said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “Anybody who thinks they’re going to change Donald Trump doesn’t know Donald Trump,” Lewandowski said. ",1
2410,"VP Pence, in the Baltics, voices support for mutual defense in NATO","TALLINN (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Monday assured the Baltic states of U.S. support if they faced aggression from Russia, telling them that Washington firmly backs NATO’s doctrine of collective defense. Pence’s comments to the presidents of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, ahead of Russian war games on their doorstep, were clearly intended to reassure following Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and U.S. President Donald Trump’s early lukewarm support for NATO. During a visit to NATO’s Brussels headquarters in May, Trump jarred allies by not restating U.S. support for a critical portion of the alliance’s charter and instead berated some members for not spending enough on defense. Trump has since said he supports the NATO charter’s Article 5, the requirement that each member of the alliance defend each other if they come under attack. “A strong and united NATO is more necessary today than at any point since the collapse of communism a quarter-century ago and no threat looms larger in the Baltic states than the specter of aggression from your unpredictable neighbor to the east,” Pence said at news conference with the three Baltic presidents. “Under President Donald Trump, the United States stands firmly behind our Article 5 pledge of mutual defense. An attack on one of us is an attack on us all.” Russia is scheduled next month to hold large-scale military maneuvers with its ally Belarus. The U.S. army’s top general in Europe said this month that the Zapad war games could be a “Trojan horse” resulting in military equipment being left in Belarus. He warned that Russia continues to “seek to redraw international borders by force, undermine democracies of sovereign nations and divide the free nations of Europe, one against another”.      Lithuania’s President Dalia Grybauskaite told Lithuanian radio that NATO’s air-policing missions would be doubled during the Russian-led Zapad exercise.   Pence is also due to visit Montenegro, the alliance’s newest member, and make a stop in Georgia, an aspiring member, which fought a brief war with Russia in 2008.  ",1
2411,Exclusive: Majority of Americans want Congress to move on from healthcare reform - Reuters/Ipsos poll,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A majority of Americans are ready to move on from healthcare reform at this point after the U.S. Senate’s effort to dismantle Obamacare failed on Friday, according to an exclusive Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Saturday. Nearly two-thirds of the country wants to either keep or modify the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, and a majority of Americans want Congress to turn its attention to other priorities, the survey found. Republicans have vowed to dismantle the Affordable Care Act since Democratic President Barack Obama signed it into law in 2010, and it appeared they finally had their chance when Republican President Donald Trump took office in January. But the law, which helped 20 million people obtain health insurance, has steadily grown more popular. The July 28-29 poll of more than 1,130 Americans, conducted after the Republican-led effort collapsed in the Senate, found that 64 percent said they wanted to keep Obamacare, either “entirely as is” or after fixing “problem areas.” That is up from 54 percent in January.  The survey found that support for the law still runs along party lines, with nine out of 10 Democrats and just three out of 10 Republicans saying they wanted to keep or modify Obamacare. Among Republicans, three-fourths said they would like their party’s leaders to try to repeal and replace Obamacare at some point, though most listed other issues that they would give a higher priority right now.  Disappointment among Republicans and happiness among Democrats about the repeal’s failure were palpable. Two-thirds of Republicans felt “bad” that the Senate failed to pass a healthcare bill, while three-fourths of Democrats felt “good,” according to the Reuters/Ipsos poll. When asked what they think Congress should do next, most Americans picked other priorities such as tax reform, foreign relations and infrastructure. Only 29 percent said they wanted Republicans in Congress to “continue working on a new healthcare bill.” Gene Anderson, 81, a Trump voter living in a retirement community in Zionsville, Indiana, said the president should “refocus on some stability in his administration and some demonstration of being able to work together with Democrats in Congress.” “I don’t understand why they had to push for healthcare reform before tax reform,” he said. “They ought to sit down and come up with a viable legislative, doable tax reform.” Americans appear to be more supportive of some of the main features of Obamacare. For example, 77 percent said they were in favor of expanding Medicaid to low-income families, and 43 percent said they favored requiring U.S. residents to own health insurance. That was up from 66 percent and 36 percent, respectively, when Reuters/Ipsos first asked those questions in April 2012. The latest Republican effort failed when Senator John McCain split from his party’s leadership and joined Republican colleagues Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowksi and Senate Democrats to vote against a so-called skinny repeal eliminating certain aspects of Obamacare. McCain later said the measure “offered no replacement to actually reform our healthcare system.” Respondents said they thought a lot of people shared responsibility for the failure on healthcare. When asked who “is most responsible,” 20 percent picked Senate Republicans, 13 percent said Trump, and 11 percent said McCain. The rest picked Senate Democrats and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, as well as Senators Collins and Murkowski. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English throughout the United States. It gathered responses from 1,136 people, including 381 Republicans and 475 Democrats. The poll has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points. ",1
2412,Trump tells Republicans to get back on healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and members of his administration on Sunday goaded Republican senators to stick with trying to pass a healthcare bill, after the lawmakers failed spectacularly last week to muster the votes to end Obamacare. For the second day running, the Republican president tweeted his impatience with Congress’ inability to deliver on his party’s seven-year promise to replace the Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare bill commonly known as Obamacare. Members of his administration took to the airwaves to try to compel lawmakers to take action. But it was unclear whether the White House admonishments would have any impact on Capitol Hill, where Republicans who control both houses signaled last week that it was time to move on to other issues. Republicans’ zeal to repeal and replace Obamacare was met with both intra-party divisions between moderates and conservatives and also the increasing approval of a law that raised the number of insured Americans by 20 million.   Polling indicates a majority of Americans are ready to move on from healthcare at this point. According to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Saturday, 64 percent of 1,136 people surveyed on Friday and Saturday said they wanted to keep Obamacare, either “entirely as is” or after fixing “problem areas.” That is up from 54 percent in January.   With the U.S. legislative branch spinning its wheels, the executive branch pledged to look at rewriting Obamacare regulations. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price told ABC’s “This Week” that he would change those regulations that drive up costs or “hurt” patients. Price sidestepped questions about whether there were administration plans to waive Obamacare’s mandate that individuals have health insurance, saying “all things are on the table to try to help patients.” But Price also told NBC he would implement Obamacare because it is the “law of the land.” That Obamacare was still law clearly angered Trump, who has no major legislative accomplishments to show for his first half-year in office. “Don’t give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace ...” the president said in a tweet on Sunday morning. On Friday, Senate Republicans failed to collect enough votes to repeal even a few parts of Obamacare. That capped a week of failed Senate votes on whether to simply repeal, or repeal and replace, the 2010 law, while Trump repeatedly berated lawmakers in a late attempt to influence the legislation.  “The president will not accept those who said, quote, ‘it’s time to move on,’” Kellyanne Conway, a senior counselor to Trump, said on Fox News Sunday. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, had made exactly that comment before dawn on Friday morning after the failed healthcare vote.      The White House budget director, Mick Mulvaney, said on Sunday lawmakers should stay in session to get something done on healthcare - even if this means postponing votes on other issues such as raising the debt ceiling. “So yes. They need to stay. They need to work. They need to pass something,” Mulvaney said on CNN. The House of Representatives has already gone home for its August break and the Senate is expected to do the same by mid-August. Mulvaney also said Trump was seriously considering carrying out threats he tweeted about on Saturday, when the president said that “if a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!”  That tweet appeared to be referring to the approximately $8 billion in cost-sharing reduction subsidies the federal government pays to insurers to lower the price of health coverage for low-income Americans.  The Saturday tweet also appeared to be a threat to end the  employer contribution for members of Congress and their staffs, who were moved from the normal federal employee healthcare benefits program onto the Obamacare insurance exchanges as part of the 2010 healthcare law. “What he’s saying is, look, if Obamacare is hurting the American people – and it is – then why shouldn’t it hurt insurance companies and more importantly, perhaps for this discussion, members of Congress?” Mulvaney said on Sunday on CNN. Some Republicans have said they are trying to find a way forward on healthcare. Senate Republican Susan Collins, one of three Republicans who voted against repealing parts of Obamacare on Friday, told NBC that Congress should produce a series of bills with bipartisan input on healthcare, including appropriating the cost-sharing subsidies.  The Senate has one vote scheduled when it reconvenes on Monday afternoon: whether to confirm a U.S. circuit court judge. Senate aides said they had no guidance for the agenda beyond that vote.  ",1
2413,Outside adviser to Trump calls for firing of CFPB head Cordray,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An outside adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump called on Sunday for the firing of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director Richard Cordray. Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s former campaign manager who still speaks regularly to the president, criticized a CFPB rule that would make it easier for consumers to sue financial companies. Currently, many consumers are required to settle disputes related to credit cards and other banking products through mandatory arbitration. “It’s my recommendation to the president of the United States to fire Richard Cordray,” Lewandowski told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” The CFPB is the brainchild of Massachusetts Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren. Created by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law, the bureau is charged with protecting consumers from predatory lending practices that were commonplace during the financial crisis. Under current law, the president can only fire Cordray for cause. The legal burden to show cause is high, and Cordray’s term does not expire until July 2018. Cordray is widely expected to run for governor in Ohio, though he has not announced any plans to do so. Lewandowski said Cordray’s potential political aspirations were part of the reason he should be ousted, saying “if he wants to run for governor of Ohio, go run for governor of Ohio, but don’t do so while you’re sitting in a federal office right now.” A CFPB spokesman did not have any immediate comment in response. Republicans fought the creation of the CFPB and have long complained the agency wields too much power without enough accountability to the president or Congress. They have accused it over imposing overly burdensome regulations that they say may unduly harm consumers. A U.S. appeals court is weighing a case involving whether the president should be allowed to fire Cordray at will, and not just for cause. If Trump were to remove Cordray prior to the court’s ruling, it would likely escalate the ongoing legal battle. When asked if his comments about the CFPB were driven by business interests he represents, Lewandowski said he had no clients with such interests before the agency. However, Lewandowski previously worked for Avenue Strategies, which is registered to lobby for Ohio-based payday lender Community Choice Financial.  ",1
2414,U.S. health secretary says his job is to follow Obamacare law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on Sunday that it was his department’s job to follow the law on the Affordable Care Act, former President Obama’s signature domestic initiative known as Obamacare. Price, on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” was asked whether he would implement the Affordable Care Act as it was intended. “Our job is to follow the law of the land,” Price said, but added that “the law ... is failing the American people.” He said the administration’s goal was to repeal and replace Obamacare and “put in place a system that actually works for patients.” ",1
2415,Trump threatens to end insurance payments if no healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump threatened on Saturday to end government payments to health insurers if Congress does not pass a new healthcare bill and goaded them to not abandon their seven-year quest to replace the Obamacare law. In a Twitter message on Saturday, Trump said “if a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!”  The tweet came a day after Senate Republicans failed to muster enough votes to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare bill commonly known as Obamacare. The first part of Trump’s tweet appeared to be referring to the approximately $8 billion in cost-sharing reduction subsidies the federal government pays to insurers to lower the price of health coverage for low-income Americans.  The second part appeared to be a threat to end the employer contribution for Congress members and their staffs, who were moved from the normal federal employee healthcare benefits program onto the Obamacare insurance exchanges as part of the 2010 healthcare law.  Trump has previously threatened to suspend the payments to insurers, which are determined by the Department of Health and Human Services. In April, he threatened to end the payments if Democrats refused to negotiate over the healthcare bill. Responding to Saturday’s tweet, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said that if the president carried out that threat, “every expert agrees that (insurance) premiums will go up and health care will be more expensive for millions of Americans.” “The president ought to stop playing politics with people’s lives and health care, start leading and finally begin acting presidential,” Schumer said in a statement. Trump later urged Senate Republicans to try again on a healthcare vote. The Senate is in session for another week before it is scheduled to begin an August recess. “Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!” Trump said in a subsequent tweet. Many insurers have been waiting for an answer from Trump or lawmakers on whether they will continue to fund the annual government subsidies. Without assurances, many plan to raise rates an additional 20 percent by an Aug. 16 deadline for premium prices. With Republican efforts to dismantle Obamacare in disarray, hundreds of U.S. counties are at risk of losing access to private health coverage in 2018 as insurers consider pulling out of those markets.     In response, Trump on Friday again suggested his administration would let the Obamacare program “implode.” He has weakened enforcement of the law’s requirement for individuals to buy insurance, threatened to cut off funding and sought to change plan benefits through regulations. Meanwhile, some congressional Republicans were still trying to find a way forward on healthcare.  Senator Lindsey Graham said in a statement issued late on Friday that he and two other Republican senators, Dean Heller and Bill Cassidy, had met with Trump after the defeat to discuss Graham’s proposal to take tax money raised by Obamacare and send it back to the states in the form of healthcare block grants. Graham said the move would end Democrats’ drive for a national single-payer healthcare system by putting states in charge. “President Trump was optimistic about the Graham-Cassidy-Heller proposal,” Graham added. “I will continue to work with President Trump and his team to move the idea forward.” However, a majority of Americans are ready to move on from healthcare at this point. According to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Saturday, 64 percent of 1,136 people surveyed on Friday and Saturday said they wanted to keep Obamacare, either “entirely as is” or after fixing “problem areas. When asked what they think Congress should do next, most picked other priorities such as tax reform, foreign relations and infrastructure. Only 29 percent said they wanted Republicans in Congress to “continue working on a new healthcare bill.”  Asked what they think Congress should do next, most respondents picked other priorities such as tax reform, foreign relations and infrastructure. Only 29 percent said they wanted Republicans in Congress to “continue working on a new healthcare bill.” ",1
2416,Trump replaces chief of staff Priebus with retired General Kelly,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump replaced his beleaguered White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, after only six months on the job on Friday, installing retired General John Kelly in his place in a major shake-up of his top team. Trump announced the move in a tweet a day after his new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, accused Priebus of leaking information to reporters in a profanity-laced tirade.  Kelly, 67, a retired four-star Marine Corps general, is currently secretary of the Department of Homeland Security and will assume the chief of staff post on Monday. He was hired with the goal of bringing more discipline to the White House, a senior White House official said. Trump issued his decision just as he landed aboard Air Force One after a visit to Long Island and hours after Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare failed in the Senate. Priebus was on the plane with the Republican president and made no comment. Reporters had noticed no sign of stress from Priebus during the day.Priebus told CNN he had been talking to Trump for some time about exiting the White House, and is the latest in a long line of officials to leave or not take a job at the White House. “The president has a right to hit a reset button. I think it’s time to hit the reset button,” Priebus said in a televised interview from the White House. “He intuitively determined that it was time to do something different, and I think he’s right.” Trump had lost confidence in Priebus, privately questioning his competence after major legislative items failed to pass the U.S. Congress, a Trump confidant said. A source close to Priebus said the former Republican National Committee chairman turned in his resignation on Thursday night, after Scaramucci’s rant against him was published by the New Yorker magazine. A senior White House official said Trump had informed Priebus two weeks ago that he would be replacing him and that the move had no connection to Scaramucci, whose hiring a week ago prompted Sean Spicer, a Priebus ally, to abruptly resign as press secretary. After frequent conversations with Kelly, Trump recently warmed up to the idea of naming Kelly chief of staff to more effectively manage personnel and offered it to him earlier this week, a senior White House official said. Carrying an umbrella, Trump approached reporters as he stepped off Air Force One, with rain storming down. “Reince is a good man. John Kelly will do a fantastic job. General Kelly has been a star, done an incredible job thus far, respected by everybody. He’s a great, great American. Reince is a good man,” Trump said. Priebus’ 189-day tenure was the shortest in modern history for a White House chief of staff. He had hoped to stay on at least a year but struggled to manage his unpredictable boss and was unable to get a handle on conflicting factions in the White House who have frequently squabbled. In a statement, Priebus said it had been one of the great honors of his life to serve Trump and the country. “I will continue to serve as a strong supporter of the president’s agenda and policies. I can’t think of a better person than General John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God’s blessings and great success,” he said.    Trump loyalists had chafed at Priebus, feeling he had installed his RNC allies at the White House and overlooked the people close to Trump who helped get him elected president in November. But Priebus allies felt he was an important link to establishment Republicans in Washington as the capital attempted to adjust to the anti-establishment style of the president. “He has served the president and the American people capably and passionately,” House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said of his close friend in a statement. “He has achieved so much, and he has done it all with class. I could not be more proud to call Reince a dear friend.” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said she did not think Priebus’ exit would affect the White House’s relationship with the Republican Party. “I think we’ve still got a good relationship. We’re going to continue working with the party and doing what we came here to do,” she said. Homeland Security Deputy Secretary Elaine Duke will become the acting chief of the department on Monday, DHS said in a statement. U.S. Representative Michael McCaul, a Texas Republican who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee, is among those being considered for Homeland Security secretary, a DHS official said.  ",1
2417,"Struggling to govern, Trump faces growing Republican unease","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As fellow Republicans labored to repeal Obamacare this week, U.S. President Donald Trump repeatedly swerved off-topic, escalating concerns in his party about his ability to govern the country six months after taking office. While senators grappled with healthcare, Trump banned transgender people from the military. He regaled a Boy Scout jamboree with a tale from a New York cocktail party. He indulged an obscene tirade by his flamboyant new communications director. In the end, the Senate’s efforts collapsed in a predawn vote on Friday, magnifying the ineffectiveness that often goes with the chaos around Trump, the constant storm of tweets, the White House infighting, the self-inflicted wounds. “We’re seeing clear evidence that all of these distractions are standing in the way of their ability to achieve legislative accomplishments,” said Republican strategist Alice Stewart, a top aide to Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign last year. In the latest twist, Trump late on Friday named U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly as his new White House chief of staff, replacing Reince Priebus, who has been in a feud with Trump’s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci. Among some establishment Republicans, there were signs that patience with Trump was wearing thin. His national security team, seen as a bedrock of normality, increasingly is frustrated. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were described by sources as unhappy with their handling by the White House. Defense Secretary James Mattis was coming to grips with Trump’s abrupt decision on Wednesday, via a tweet, to ban transgender individuals from military service. The Pentagon  said it would not execute the order without more guidance. Republican strategist Charlie Black said Trump needs to let an investigation of possible ties between Russia and his 2016 campaign run its course and not keep talking about it. Russia denies meddling, and Trump denies any collusion. The Russia probe has fed public spats with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, quarreling among aides and attacks on Robert Mueller, the special counsel running the investigation. “He should be talking about policy and sticking to issues for a while,” Black said. “There are still some good things that could get done in Congress like tax reform. He can help further those things if that’s what he talks about.” In the Senate healthcare fight, Trump phoned Republican senators and urged them to support repeal of Obamacare, but the effort fizzled, a sign there was little political retribution to fear from a president with a sub-40 percent approval rating. A moderate House Republican said Trump let down the Obamacare rollback effort by not going out and selling a plan. For Trump, a businessman and former reality TV show host, the presidency is his first elected office. “This issue was outsourced to Congress. It was never really sold. I think that was part of the reason why it was a failure,” said Republican Representative Charlie Dent. As the Senate fight was coming to a head, Washington was suddenly mesmerized by a profanity-laced rant from Scaramucci, who tore into Priebus and Trump strategist Steve Bannon in an interview in The New Yorker magazine. Stunned aides stopped what they were doing to read the article online. The rant has so far gone unpunished. Inside the White House, there was a sense of genuine concern and bewilderment about what Scaramucci’s future might portend. Former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said the tensions did not seem to trouble Trump. “The president’s management style seems to be to encourage factionalism among people below him. He seems to place value on watching people fight,” Fleischer said. Aside from sacking Priebus, it was unclear how Trump planned to proceed to regain his footing. With healthcare stalled, Trump has his sights set on tax reform with no consensus on how to proceed. Top aides are split on how deeply to cut taxes. It is the same moderates-versus-conservatives split that doomed the Obamacare rollback. ",1
2418,Exclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - poll," NEW YORK (Reuters) - A majority of Americans believe that transgender individuals should be allowed to serve in the military, according to an exclusive Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Friday.  The July 26-28 poll suggested that the country largely disagrees with President Donald Trump’s announcement this week that he will ban transgender personnel from the armed forces.  When asked to weigh in on the debate, 58 percent of adults agreed with the statement, “Transgender people should be allowed to serve in the military.” Twenty-seven percent said they should not while the rest answered “don’t know.”  Democrats mostly supported military service by transgender Americans while Republicans were more evenly split.  Among Republicans, 32 percent said transgender Americans should be allowed to serve, while 49 percent said they should not. Another 19 percent of Republicans said they don’t know.  The public was also divided over the impact of banning transgender service members. Some 32 percent said it would “hurt morale” in the military while 17 percent said it would “improve morale.” Another 33 percent felt it would “have no impact” and the rest said they don’t know.  When asked about the impact on military capabilities, 14 percent said prohibiting transgender service members made the military “more capable” while 43 percent said “no impact,” 22 percent said “less capable” and the rest said they don’t know.  The president’s announcement, made in posts on his Twitter account, surprised many senior military officers and appeared to pre-empt an ongoing Pentagon review into its inclusion of transgender service members.  The United States’ top military officer, Marine Corps. General Joseph Dunford, said the military will not alter its current policies until it receives additional guidance from Trump’s secretary of defense.  Roger Kaikko, 61, a Trump voter near Cleveland, Ohio, who took the poll, said he disagrees with the president.  “Even the president shouldn’t be able to take rights away from some people just because he may not like them,” Kaikko said. “They’re people too. Unless they’re causing problems, they should serve just like anybody else.”  The Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll was conducted online in English across the United States. It gathered responses from 1,249 adults including 533 Democrats and 434 Republicans. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire group and 5 percentage points for Democrats and Republicans.  ",1
2419,"Trump to sign Russia sanctions, Moscow retaliates","WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will sign legislation that imposes sanctions on Russia, the White House said on Friday, after Moscow ordered the United States to cut hundreds of diplomatic staff and said it would seize two U.S. diplomatic properties in retaliation for the bill. The U.S. Senate had voted almost unanimously on Thursday to slap new sanctions on Russia, forcing Trump to choose between a tough position on Moscow and effectively dashing his stated hopes for warmer ties with the country or to veto the bill amid investigations in possible collusion between his campaign and Russia. By signing the bill into law, Trump can not ease the sanctions against Russia unless he seeks congressional approval. Moscow’s retaliation, announced by the Foreign Ministry on Friday, had echoes of the Cold War. If confirmed that Russia’s move would affect hundreds of staff at the U.S. embassy, it would far outweigh the Obama administration’s expulsion of 35 Russians in December. The legislation was in part a response to conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and to further punish Russia for its annexation of Crimea in 2014. Late on Friday, the White House issued a statement saying Trump would sign the bill after reviewing the final version. The statement made no reference to Russia’s retaliatory measures. Russia had been threatening retaliation for weeks. Its response suggests it has set aside initial hopes of better ties with Washington under Trump, something the U.S. leader, before he was elected, had said he wanted to achieve.  Relations were already languishing at a post-Cold War low because of the allegations that Russian cyber interference in the election was intended to boost Trump’s chances, something Moscow flatly denies. Trump has denied any collusion between his campaign and Russian officials.    The Russian Foreign Ministry complained of growing anti-Russian feeling in the United States, accusing “well-known circles” of seeking “open confrontation”. President Vladimir Putin had warned on Thursday that Russia would have to retaliate against what he called boorish U.S. behavior. Putin’s spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told reporters on Friday that the Senate vote was the last straw. Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson by telephone that Russia was ready to normalize relations with the United States and to cooperate on major global issues. Lavrov and Tillerson “agreed to maintain contact on a range of bilateral issues”, the Russian Foreign Ministry said. The ministry said the United States had until Sept. 1 to reduce its diplomatic staff in Russia to 455 people, the number of Russian diplomats left in the United States after Washington expelled 35 Russians in December. It was not immediately clear how many U.S. diplomats and other workers would be forced to leave either the country or their posts, but the Interfax news agency cited an informed source as saying “hundreds” of people would be affected. A diplomatic source told Reuters that it would be for the United States to decide which posts to cut, whether occupied by U.S. or Russian nationals.  An official at the U.S. Embassy, who declined to be named because they were not allowed to speak to the media, said the Embassy employed around 1,100 diplomatic and support staff in Russia, including Russian and U.S. citizens. Russian state television channel Rossiya 24 said over 700 staff would be affected but that was not confirmed by the foreign ministry or the U.S. embassy. The Russian Foreign Ministry’s statement said the passage of the bill confirmed “the extreme aggression of the United States in international affairs”. Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov met outgoing U.S. ambassador John Tefft on Friday to inform him of the counter measures, Russian news agencies reported. The U.S. Embassy said Tefft had expressed his “strong disappointment and protest”. Most U.S. diplomatic staff, including around 300 U.S. citizens, work in the main embassy in Moscow, with others based in consulates in St Petersburg, Yekaterinburg and Vladivostok. The Russian Foreign Ministry said it was also seizing a Moscow dacha compound used by U.S. diplomats for recreation, from Aug. 1, as well as a U.S. diplomatic warehouse in Moscow.  In December, the outgoing Obama administration seized two Russian diplomatic compounds - one in New York and another in Maryland - at the same time as it expelled Russian diplomats. Trump and Putin met for the first time at a G20 summit in Germany this month in what both sides described as a productive encounter, but Russian officials have become increasingly convinced that Congress and Trump’s political opponents will not allow him to mend ties, even if he wants to. The European Union has also threatened to retaliate against new U.S. sanctions on Russia, saying they would harm the bloc’s energy security by targeting projects including a planned new pipeline to bring Russian natural gas to northern Europe.     A European Commission spokesman in Brussels said the bloc would be following the sanctions process closely. ",1
2420,"Russia holds rates amid geopolitical risks, sees cuts by year-end","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian central bank held its key interest rate unchanged at 9 percent on Friday, citing geopolitical risks and inflationary pressures, but it indicated rate cuts would follow in the coming months. Facing new U.S. sanctions and a recent spike in food prices, the central bank opted for a cautious no-change decision, even though inflation, its key area of focus, has nearly slowed to its 4 percent target. The inflation slowdown has allowed the central bank to cut benchmark borrowing costs three times this year, helping the economy recover following two years of contraction. “Volatility in global commodity and financial markets, as well as exchange rate dynamics amid elevated geopolitical risks may have negative implications for exchange rate and inflation expectations,” the central bank said in a statement. The U.S. Senate this week voted almost unanimously to slap new sanctions on Russia and backed a provision that allows Congress to stop any effort by President Donald Trump to ease existing sanctions. Although analysts have played down the potential economic impact of the new sanctions, the rouble has been dragged lower in recent days because of them. If rouble weakness were to intensify, that would represent an inflation risk. Although annual inflation unexpectedly rose from 4.1 percent in May to 4.4 percent last month because of higher food prices, the central bank said it still saw room to cut the key rate in the second half of 2017 as a new harvest would help lower prices for fruit and vegetables. “While making its decision hereinafter, the Bank of Russia will assess inflation risks, the inflation dynamics and economic developments against the forecast,” the bank said. Keeping its 2017 economic growth forecast unchanged at 1.3-1.8 percent, the central bank noted that a decline in inflation expectations had come to an end. “In order to maintain inflation close to the 4 percent target, the Bank of Russia will continue to conduct moderately tight monetary policy,” said the bank, which has previously promised to keep its key rate up to 3 percentage points above inflation. “All in all, extreme caution is the focus at the CBR,” Dmitry Polevoy, chief economist at ING Bank in Moscow, said in a research note. With the threat of more U.S. sanctions looming, the central bank likely wants to take no risks with financial stability by keeping rates stable, said Tim Ash, senior strategist at BlueBay Asset Management. The bank is seen cutting its main lending rate to 8.25 percent by the end of the year, a Reuters poll showed last month. Capital Economics said it expected the central bank to cut rates as soon as its next board meeting, scheduled for Sept. 15, as inflation would fall back towards the central bank’s target by year-end. ",1
2421,"Russia ready to cooperate with U.S., Russia's Lavrov told Tillerson: ministry","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to normalize relations with the United States and to cooperate on major global issues, Moscow’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call on Friday. Lavrov told Tillerson that Moscow’s decision to cut U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia was prompted by “a number of Washington’s hostile steps”. Lavrov and Tillerson “agreed to maintain contact on a range of bilateral issues”, the Russian’s Foreign Ministry said in statement. ",1
2422,"For Trump, the honeymoon with Putin may be finally over","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin tossed President-elect Donald Trump a bouquet in December when he chose not to retaliate for the U.S. expulsion of Russian diplomats and seizure of Russian diplomatic compounds. The honeymoon is over. Russia’s tit-for-tat decision to expel hundreds of U.S. diplomats and seize two U.S. compounds may be an acknowledgment in Moscow that Trump’s ability to bring better ties is limited, at best, and the start of a new downward spiral in relations. Russia took the step after the U.S. Senate on Thursday sent a breath-taking signal that it does not trust Trump on Russia by passing a bill that imposes new sanctions on Moscow and ties the president’s hands if he seeks to ease them. The White House issued a statement on Friday night saying Trump had negotiated changes to the legislation and now intends to sign it. “(The Russians) have taken Trump’s measure and while they are willing to exploit his goofy fixation on Putin and naive sense you can do deals with someone like Putin ... they realize his clownish performance as president makes it really hard for him to deliver on any of the big things that Russia wants,” said Andrew Weiss, a former national security council Russia expert. At the top of Russia’s wish list is an easing of U.S. sanctions imposed for its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and its destabilization of eastern Ukraine, something the Senate action would all but rule out. Another, all but inconceivable,  item would be formal U.S. recognition Russia’s claim to Crimea. “Trump’s performance surely has left nobody in Moscow with the impression he is a guy who can deliver,” said Weiss, now at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace think tank. Trump’s desire, often expressed during the 2016 presidential campaign, to improve relations has been hamstrung by findings from U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered to help the Republican against Democrat Hillary Clinton. A federal law enforcement investigation and multiple U.S. congressional probes looking into the possibility that Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia, have made it harder for Trump to open a new chapter with Putin. Russia denies it interfered in the election and Trump has said there was no collusion. The Senate’s 98-2 passage of the sanctions bill, which followed a 419-3 vote in the House of Representatives, forces Trump to take a hard line on Moscow or veto the legislation and infuriate his fellow Republicans. The huge margins mean Congress could easily override a veto. Weiss suggested that Trump’s low approval ratings at home, his tendency to alienate NATO allies such as Germany and his inability to pass domestic legislation all contribute to a Russian perception that he is weakening the United States. “(That) is going to pay dividends for Moscow, so there is no need to turn him away from the course he is already on which is self-destructive and bad for America’s standing internationally. All of that is a huge win for the Kremlin,” Weiss said. Russia gave the United States until Sept. 1 to cut its diplomatic staff in Russia to 455 people, the number of Russian diplomats left in the United States after Washington expelled 35 Russians in December because of the alleged election hacking. It also said it would seize a Moscow compound used by U.S. diplomats as well as a U.S. diplomatic warehouse. Some former officials said Russia could take other steps, such as seeking to help Russian-backed forces seize more ground in eastern Ukraine or to try to limit U.S. air operations in Syria, while others said any reaction might be more muted. Russia could look at imposing economic counter-sanctions against the United States, the former official said, saying he thought that retaliation in Ukraine or Syria was less likely because it was more likely to lead to a U.S. counter response. Michael McFaul, the U.S. ambassador to Russia from 2012-2014, said he does not think that Russia will escalate tensions with the United States just yet because Trump’s assertions that he wants better relations with Moscow are encouraging Putin to continue seeking some kind of accommodation with the U.S. president. “I don’t think they are going to walk away from that just yet,” said McFaul. “I believe that Putin still believes there might be something he can do with Trump.” ",1
2423,Trump to sign Russia sanctions bill: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to sign a bill that imposes sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea, the White House said in a statement late on Friday.  ",1
2424,Republicans try to pick up the pieces after healthcare defeat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The seven-year Republican quest to scrap Obamacare, a major campaign vow by President Donald Trump, lay in ruins on Friday after the Senate failed to dismantle the healthcare law, with congressional leaders now planning to move on to other matters. John McCain, the maverick 80-year-old senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee, cast the deciding vote in the dramatic early-morning showdown on the Senate floor as a bill to repeal key elements of Obamacare was defeated, 51-49, dealing Trump a crushing political setback. McCain, who flew from Arizona this week after being diagnosed with brain cancer and was heading back for further treatment starting on Monday, joined fellow Republicans Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski in voting with Senate Democrats unified against the legislation. “It’s time to move on,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, whose reputation as a master strategist was diminished, said on the Senate floor after the vote at roughly 1:30 a.m. (0530 GMT). While House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said fellow Republicans should not give up on healthcare, he cited other pressing issues that needed attention, including major tax-cut legislation sought by Trump. “We have so much work still to do,” Ryan said in a statement. The Senate’s healthcare failure called into question the Republican Party’s ability to govern even as it controls the White House, Senate and House of Representatives.  Trump has not had a major legislative victory after more than six months in office, and his administration is mired in investigations into contacts between his election campaign and Russia and high-level White House staff infighting. He had promised to get major healthcare legislation, tax cuts and a boost in infrastructure spending through Congress in short order. Also on the legislative agenda are spending bills for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 to avoid a government shutdown and raising the U.S. debt limit. Speaking in Brentwood, New York, on Long Island, Trump expressed dismay at the bill’s failure, saying, “I said from the beginning, let Obamacare implode and then do it (pass legislation). I turned out to be right. Let Obamacare implode.” Trump, who earlier on Twitter said the three Republicans who voted no “let America down,” again took aim at lawmakers in his own party. “Boy, oh boy, they’ve been working on that one for seven years,” he said in Brentwood. “Can you believe that? The swamp. But we’ll get it done.”               Some lawmakers urged a bipartisan effort to buttress the existing healthcare system. With the partisan divide as wide as ever in Washington, it remained to be seen if a bipartisan approach can get off the ground.  McCain said the defeated bill did not offer meaningful reform and that its defeat presents “an opportunity to start fresh” on legislation crafted by lawmakers in both parties. “I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to trust each other, stop the political gamesmanship and put the healthcare needs of the American people first,” McCain said. Top congressional Democrats urged a bipartisan effort to fix problems in the Obamacare law without repealing it. “Change it, improve it, but don’t just take a knife and try to destroy it and put nothing in its place,” top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer said. Democratic Senator Bill Nelson said he was working with Republican Collins on a bipartisan effort on healthcare. While Ryan was able to secure House passage of a comprehensive bill to gut Obamacare in May, McConnell earlier in the week was unable to win passage of similarly broad healthcare legislation amid intraparty squabbling and competing demands by hard-line conservatives and moderates. On Friday morning, he failed to get even a stripped-down, so-called skinny bill over the finish line. Killing the Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama’s signature domestic policy achievement dubbed Obamacare, has been a passion for Republicans since its 2010 enactment over their unified opposition, and was a key campaign promise by Trump last year. Republicans lawmakers, some of whom have been gleeful about razing Obama’s presidential legacy, now fear a backlash from their conservative political base that could affect the 2018 congressional elections. For the moment, the Affordable Care Act, which extended health insurance to 20 million people and drove the percentage of uninsured people to historic lows, remains in place and must be overseen by an administration that is hostile to it. This leaves health insurers unsure of how long the administration will continue to make billions of dollars in Obamacare payments that help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans. Schumer warned against any efforts to sabotage the law. The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, which represents insurers across the country, said it would work to ensure a smooth open enrollment period from Nov. 1-Dec. 15 and stabilize the individual insurance market under Obamacare for the long term. Shares of health insurers, which had fought against the bill’s proposed repeal of the mandate that Americans obtain insurance, were up. Aetna Inc rose 0.9 percent, Anthem Inc gained 2.3 percent and Humana Inc edged up 0.2 percent.  On Wall Street, shares of hospitals were mostly higher because of the dwindling prospects for big cuts in the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled. Community Health Systems Inc rose 2.2 percent, HCA Healthcare Inc gained 0.6 percent and Tenet Healthcare Corp edged up 0.1 percent.     Republicans have long denounced Obamacare - which expanded Medicaid and created online marketplaces for individuals to obtain coverage - as an intrusion by government on people’s healthcare decisions. Veteran House Republican Tom Cole said he thought there were “a number” of other Republican senators who were uncomfortable with the Senate’s healthcare legislation but were able to vote “yes” knowing McCain’s vote would kill it. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, a close friend of McCain, met on Friday with Trump to discuss Graham’s proposal to take tax money raised by Obamacare and send it back to the states in the form of healthcare block grants, the senator’s office said. The skinny bill, released just three hours before voting began, would have retroactively repealed Obamacare’s penalty on individuals who do not obtain health insurance, repealed for eight years a penalty on certain businesses that do not provide employees with insurance and repealed a tax on medical devices until 2020.  ",1
2425,Factbox: Priebus the latest official to leave Trump administration,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Reince Priebus, who was replaced on Friday as White House chief of staff, is the latest in a string of officials who have left or been pushed out of U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration. Following is a partial list of officials who have been fired, have left the administration or were nominated by Trump for a position but did not take the job. * Philip Bilden - a private equity executive and former military intelligence officer picked by Trump for secretary of the Navy, withdrew from consideration in February because of government conflict-of-interest rules. * James Comey - Federal Bureau of Information director who had been leading an investigation into the Trump 2016 presidential campaign’s possible collusion with Russia to influence the election outcome, was fired by Trump in May. * James Donovan - A Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker who was nominated by Trump as deputy Treasury secretary, withdrew his name in May. * Michael Dubke - Founder of Crossroads Media, resigned as White House Communications director in May. * Michael Flynn - Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned in February after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. * Mark Green - Trump’s nominee for Army secretary, who had served in the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment, withdrew his name from consideration in May. * Gerrit Lansing - White House chief digital officer, stepped down in February after failing to pass an FBI background check, according to Politico. * Jason Miller - communications director for Trump’s transition team who was named by the president-elect in December as White House communications director, said days later that he would not take the job. * Todd Ricketts - a co-owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team and Trump’s choice for deputy secretary of commerce, withdrew from consideration in April. * Walter Shaub - the head of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, who clashed with Trump and his administration, stepped down in July before his five-year term was to end. * Michael Short - senior White House assistant press secretary, resigned on Tuesday. * Sean Spicer - resigned as White House press secretary last week, ending a turbulent tenure after Trump named Anthony Scaramucci as the new White House communications director. * Robin Townley - an aide to then national security adviser Flynn, was rejected in February after he was denied security clearance to serve on the National Security Council, according to Politico. * Vincent Viola - an Army veteran and a former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange, nominated by Trump to be secretary of the Army, withdrew his name from consideration in February. * Katie Walsh - deputy White House chief of staff, was dispatched to the outside pro-Trump group America First policies in March, according to Politico. * Caroline Wiles - Trump’s director of scheduling, resigned in February after failing a background check, according to Politico. * Sally Yates - acting U.S. attorney general, was fired by Trump in January after she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to enforce Trump’s immigration ban. ",1
2426,Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Teamsters union on Friday praised House lawmakers for keeping self-driving commercial trucks out of a proposed bill aimed at speeding deployment of the advanced technology for cars.  The U.S. House Energy and Committee on Thursday unanimously approved a bill that would hasten the use of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. The measure only applies to vehicles under 10,000 pounds and not large commercial trucks. The 1.4-million-member union, hoping to protect the jobs of truck drivers, has been lobbying at the federal and state levels to slow legislation to make it easier for companies to roll out self-driving trucks. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao has said she is “very concerned” about the impact of self-driving cars on U.S. jobs, a big part of President Donald Trump’s campaign message. “It is vital that Congress ensure that any new technology is used to make transportation safer and more effective, not used to put workers at risk on the job or destroy livelihoods,” Teamsters President James P. Hoffa said in a statement, adding the union wants more changes in the House measure. Teamsters officials have been involved in talks with Senate aides, seeking to exclude commercial trucks from a similar bill setting federal regulations for autonomous vehicles, lobbyists said. The Senate proposal has not been made public yet. The House bill would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year, a cap that would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually over three years. Auto industry leaders have said 3 million commercial truck jobs could eventually be at risk if self-driving vehicles replaced human drivers. Alphabet Inc’s self-driving car unit Waymo is working on developing self-driving trucks, the company said last month. Other companies have also been working on self-driving trucks. Ride services company Uber Technologies [UBER.UL] is working on autonomous trucking through its Otto unit, which it acquired last year. Tesla Inc, which is working on self-driving technologies, plans to unveil a commercial truck called the Tesla Semi in September. The Teamsters have opposed efforts by states to approve plans by logistics companies to use platooning technology that could reduce driver jobs by allowing a pack of trucks to be digitally connected and driven in formation. Missouri Governor Eric Greitens approved a revised platooning measure this year that requires a driver in the cab of each truck. His predecessor Jay Nixon vetoed platoon testing last year. ",1
2427,Alien Donald Trump appears on Mexico City billboard,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A massive image of U.S. President Donald Trump as an alien intruder now towers above one of the busiest roads in Mexico City urging motorists to “Make America Great Again.” The gaudy billboard sports a caricature of Trump with a blue and red fleshless face beneath his blond hair. It went up above the two-tier inner city ring road known as the Periferico last week after failing to find takers in the United States. Backed with an American flag, the 13-by-7 meter (43-by-23 feet) placard of a finger-pointing Trump was originally intended to adorn a U.S. city, said its creator, Chicago-based artist Mitch O’Connell. “America is afraid to put up this tongue-in-cheek billboard,” O’Connell told Reuters by telephone. “Then Mexico came to mind because Trump started out his campaign by being cruel and mean to everyone in Mexico.” The White House had no comment on the sign. A real estate developer and reality TV star-turned politician, Trump sparked fury in Mexico when he launched his campaign for the presidency in 2015 with a pledge to build a massive border wall and accusations that Mexico sent rapists and drug runners across the border. At the time, O’Connell was working on a poster for a science-fiction and horror film festival featuring John Carpenter’s 1988 cult classic ‘They Live’ about aliens living incognito among humans. That project would inspire his vision of Trump. About four months ago, O’Connell set up a GoFundMe page to get the image onto a billboard. The campaign raised about $3,000. He failed in some 30 attempts at pitching the arresting image in Washington, Chicago and other U.S. cities. He said he found no U.S. company “wanted to touch it because it’s political.” In the end, the Trump billboard was placed in Mexico and will remain on display for about a month, said Jorge Alderete, an Argentine artist living in Mexico City who helped mount the billboard above the busy highway. “With every month that passed since I did the drawing two years ago, he has become more like that crazy alien,” O’Connell said. “It seems over time he became more and more like the movie, so it became more and more appropriate over time.” ",1
2428,Hundreds of counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - With Republican efforts to dismantle Obamacare in disarray, hundreds of U.S. counties are at risk of losing access to private health coverage in 2018 as insurers consider pulling out of those markets in the coming months. Republican senators failed this week to repeal and replace Obamacare, former President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform law, creating new uncertainty over how the program providing health benefits to 20 million Americans will be funded and managed in 2018. In response, Republican President Donald Trump on Friday again suggested that his administration would let the Obamacare program “implode.” He has weakened enforcement of the law’s requirement for individuals to buy insurance, threatened to cut off funding and sought to change plan benefits through regulations.  Anthem Inc, Cigna Corp, Health Care Service Corp and Molina Healthcare, four of the biggest health insurers selling Obamacare plans, said they are weighing whether to pull out of more markets for 2018 rather than face financial losses. They have until Sept. 27 to finalize their plans.  So far, 40 U.S. counties are expected to have no insurer offering individual coverage next year, but that number could rise by the hundreds, according to U.S. government data, Kaiser Family Foundation analysis and insurer disclosures. More than 1,300 counties, primarily in 15 states, currently have only one insurer participating in 2018. Anthem and HCSC are the last man standing in one-third of those counties and states - putting those areas in particular at risk. “Right now the number of counties at immediate risk of having no insurers in 2018 is small, but it could easily grow significantly if a couple major insurers decide to exit,” Larry Levitt, health economist at the Kaiser Family Foundation, said.  Many insurers have been waiting for an answer from Trump or lawmakers on whether they will continue to fund $8 billion in annual government subsidies. Without assurances, many insurers plan to raise rates an additional 20 percent by an Aug. 16 deadline for premium prices. Others say that the many unknowns will make the business too risky. The last-minute drama has left millions of Americans questioning whether they will have medical coverage next year. Julie Grady, a 59-year-old small business owner in Carson City, Nevada, is currently covered by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Nevada, part of Anthem, which has already decided to leave the exchanges in her county and most of the state. Carson City will have no insurer on the exchanges next year.      Grady’s pays a reduced premium of $70 per month and a deductible under $1,000 for her plan, which is part of the Affordable Care Act, commonly called Obamacare. Grady is looking at being uninsured, as she was before the law.     “I would have to go without health insurance,” she said. “I would just stay healthy, hike, eat well. I’d be in trouble if something catastrophic happened. I would lose everything.”      Anthem, the second-largest U.S. health insurer, sells Blue Cross Blue Shield plans in 14 states. It has already decided to pull out of most individual markets in Nevada, Ohio, Indiana and Wisconsin in 2018. Earlier this week, Chief Executive Officer Joe Swedish said he was still weighing 2018 participation in its other states.    In states like Colorado, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, and Virginia, Anthem sells plans in more than 250 counties where it is the only insurer, and they could be left “bare” next year, according to government data.      Health Care Services Corp is a Blue Cross Blue Shield licensee in five states and is the only Obamacare individual insurer in more than 90 Texas counties, more than 75 Oklahoma counties, and half a dozen Illinois counties. It confirmed on Friday that it has submitted products for its five states but is still weighing next year.     “We’re working through the regulatory filing process and hope to fully participate...in 2018, however no final decisions have been made,” HCSC spokeswoman Kristen Cunningham said.     Molina, which has more than 1 million members in Obamacare plans, and Cigna, with more than 250,000 participants, have said they need more certainty from the government to decide on 2018 participation and would weigh their decisions up until the late September deadline.      State insurance regulators have worked hard in recent months to replace insurers who have left. In Nevada, for instance, Centene Corp and Aetna Inc entered in some counties that Anthem left after the insurance commissioner said he would favor these insurers for its Medicaid contract bids. But they are unlikely to find replacements for new dropouts in these final weeks, particularly if the Trump administration signals it won’t fund $8 billion in subsidies for out-of-pocket medical costs.     “There is almost no chance they would step in to participate,” said Kurt Wrobel, a fellow at the Society of Actuaries and chief financial officer of the Geisinger Health Plan in Pennsylvania.          Some insurers say they will likely just raise rates and hope it works. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan filed two sets of rates with the state department of insurance, one up to 32 percent higher if the fate of subsidies remains unclear.      “We don’t have any plans to pull out,” said Rick Notter, director of the individual business at BCBS Michigan. “But it would certainly help to have more certainty around what the market holds.”  ",1
2429,U.S. government delays Obama earnings-stripping rule deadline,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Friday gave companies an extra year to comply with an Obama-era regulation meant to crack down on corporations that try to minimize their U.S. tax bills by shifting profits abroad to countries with lower tax rates. The regulation, known in corporate tax circles as the “385 rule,” is intended to combat a tax-avoidance technique called earnings-stripping, in which multinational corporations transfer taxable income from a U.S. subsidiary to a foreign affiliate in the guise of tax-deductible interest payments on internal debt.   The rule, which Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is now reviewing as part of the Trump administration’s push for deregulation, seeks to eliminate the incentive for earnings-stripping by reclassifying certain loans as equity under Section 385 of the U.S. tax code. The change converts tax-deductible interest payments employed by the schemes into taxable stock dividends. Finalized last October, the regulation required corporations to file documentation on their internal loans with the IRS by a January 2018 deadline. In a public notice issued on Friday, the Treasury and Internal Revenue Service pushed the deadline back to January 2019. ",1
2430,Trump replaces chief of staff Reince Priebus after six-month run,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Friday replaced his White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, installing retired General John Kelly in his place in a major shakeup of his top team. Trump announced the move in a tweet a day after his new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, accused Priebus of leaking information to reporters in a profanity-laced tirade. ",1
2431,U.S. lawmakers expect more sanctions on Venezuela over vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. lawmakers said on Friday they expected Washington would announce more sanctions on Venezuela if its government proceeds with an effort to elect a legislative body that critics call a plan to create a dictatorship. Republican Senator Marco Rubio, who has worked closely with President Donald Trump’s administration on Latin American issues, held a news conference with two other Republican members of Congress, all from Florida, to discuss the issue ahead of the controversial vote in Venezuela on Sunday. Julio Borges, who leads Venezuela’s opposition-led National Assembly legislature, telephoned in to the news conference to discuss the vote. Rubio noted that the Trump administration had announced sanctions this week, and added, “You can expect more.” The Trump administration imposed sanctions on 13 senior Venezuelan officials on Wednesday, heaping pressure on unpopular President Nicolas Maduro to scrap plans for the new congress. A senior Trump administration official told Reuters this week that the administration would make good on Trump’s threat to take action and would act “very quickly” on further sanctions if Maduro goes ahead with his plan. Another lawmaker at the news conference, U.S. Representative Mario Diaz-Balart, said he hoped Maduro will “take a deep breath” and back off. “If they don’t, the United States will not stand still,” he said. Rubio insisted the United States was not seeking to dictate to Venezuela. “What unifies us today in this cause isn’t interference in another country’s affairs, but support for its people,” he said. Rubio said Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin had been involved in the issue, and that Trump had spoken to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson about Venezuela this week. Rubio said he had spoken to Trump three times this month about Venezuela and that he had spoken to Vice President Mike Pence about it on Thursday and earlier in the week as well. “There is high-level engagement throughout this administration on this issue,” Rubio said. ",1
2432,Senator Warren calls on Fed to remove Wells Fargo board members,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren called on Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen to remove members of Wells Fargo & Co’s board after revelations the company improperly charged customers for auto insurance. In a letter sent Friday to Yellen, Warren, a Democrat, said the recent revelation of more improper charges at the bank indicates “deep risk management problems,” and called for the removal of all board members who served from 2011 to 2015, when the activity reportedly occurred. The New York Times reported Friday that more than 800,000 Wells Fargo customers were charged for auto insurance they did not request. ",1
2433,Massachusetts governor signs bill hiking tax on recreational pot,"BOSTON (Reuters) - Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker on Friday signed a bill raising the tax on retail sales of recreational marijuana to 20 percent, up from the 12 percent rate proposed in a successful 2016 ballot initiative. The state is one of eight in the United States to have legalized use of the drug by adults 21 and older. Marijuana possession was legalized on Dec. 15, 2016, but retail sales of the drug remain illegal until Jan. 1, 2018, a delay intended to give state and local authorities time to decide how to regulate the trade. Baker, a Republican, opposed legalization as did several senior state officials, and he voiced concern about the future after signing the law. “I don’t support this. I worry terribly about what the consequences will be,” Baker told reporters. “We appreciate the careful consideration the legislature took to balance input from lawmakers, educators, public safety officials and public health professionals, while honoring the will of the voters regarding the adult use of marijuana.” The law also allows cities and towns to ban or limit marijuana sales and creates a five-member Cannabis Control Commission with responsibility for overseeing the sale of recreational and medical marijuana. The measure approved by voters called for legal retail sales of the drug to begin on July 1, but state legislators pushed that date back by six months to allow time to develop regulations. Legalization backers, who had protested the delay, called on state officials to move quickly in appointing the new control commission. “The state will benefit greatly from the tax revenues and jobs created by the new industry, and we are confident lawmakers will secure appropriate funding to get the regulatory system up and running on the current timeline,” said Jim Borghesani, a spokesman for Regulate Mass, which supported the ballot initiative. ",1
2434,Exclusive: Congress asks U.S. agencies for Kaspersky Lab cyber documents,"LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional panel this week asked 22 government agencies to share documents on Moscow-based cyber firm Kaspersky Lab, saying its products could be used to carry out “nefarious activities against the United States,” according to letters seen by Reuters. The requests made on Thursday by the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space and Technology are the latest blow to the antivirus company, which has been countering accusations by U.S. officials that it may be vulnerable to Russian government influence. The committee asked the agencies for all documents and communications about Kaspersky Lab products dating back to Jan. 1, 2013, including any internal risk assessments. It also requested lists of any systems that use Kaspersky products and the names of any U.S. government contractors or subcontractors that do so. Kaspersky has repeatedly denied that it has ties to any government and said it would not help any government with cyber espionage. It said there is no evidence for the accusations made by U.S. officials. The committee “is concerned that Kaspersky Lab is susceptible to manipulation by the Russian government, and that its products could be used as a tool for espionage, sabotage, or other nefarious activities against the United States,” wrote the panel’s Republican chairman, Lamar Smith, in the letters. They were sent to all Cabinet-level agencies, including the Department of Commerce and Department of Homeland Security, as well as the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, among others. A committee aide told Reuters the survey was a “first step” designed to canvas the U.S. government and that more action may follow depending on the results. The committee asked for responses by Aug. 11. Kaspersky Lab, founded in 1997 and now counts over 400 million global customers, has tried largely in vain to become a vendor to the U.S. government, one of the world’s biggest buyers of cyber tools.  Longstanding suspicions about the company grew in the United States when U.S.-Russia relations deteriorated following Russia’s 2014 annexation of Crimea and later when U.S. intelligence agencies determined that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election using cyber means. Congress this week slapped new sanctions on Russia, in part in response to the allegations, which Moscow flatly denies. Moscow retaliated by ordering out some U.S. diplomats. U.S. intelligence chiefs in May publicly expressed doubt about the safety of Kaspersky products for the first time, although they offered no specific evidence of any wrongdoing. The government is reviewing how many agencies use software from Kaspersky Lab. In June, FBI agents visited the homes of Kaspersky employees as part of a counterintelligence probe, two sources familiar with the matter said. The Trump administration also took steps to remove Kaspersky from a list of approved government vendors.  A defense spending policy bill advancing in the U.S. Senate would prohibit the Department of Defense from using Kaspersky products. Kaspersky employees attending the annual Black Hat conference in Las Vegas this week appeared to be largely taking the setbacks in stride. The company cheekily hosted a party at the “Red Square” restaurant and bar, where it invited attendees to don fur coats before entering a vodka freezer to enjoy high-end imported bottles of alcohol. On Tuesday, the company launched a free, global version of its antivirus software, saying in a blog post that it would help “secure the whole world.” ",1
2435,Trump says Senate should have passed healthcare bill,"BRENTWOOD, N.Y. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump expressed dismay on Friday that the Senate tried to repeal his predecessor’s healthcare program overnight but failed to do so, saying lawmakers had been working on it for seven years but “we’re going to get it done.” “They should have approved healthcare last night, but you can’t have everything,” Trump told law enforcement officers in Brentwood, New York, on Long Island. “Boy, oh boy, they’ve been working on that one for seven years, can you believe that? The swamp. But we’ll get it done. We’re going to get it done.” ",1
2436,"McCain, once belittled by Trump, hands him big defeat in healthcare vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In the end, it was a simple hand gesture - Senator John McCain pointing his right index finger in a downward motion to register a no vote - that ruined his party’s seven-year effort to repeal Obamacare. But in that signal in the early hours of Friday, the 80-year-old McCain also delivered a political gut-punch to U.S. President Donald Trump, a fellow Republican and a man he has clashed with repeatedly over the past two years. McCain, who just last week was diagnosed with an aggressive brain cancer, dropped a hint on Tuesday that if his legislative demands were not met he was prepared to take on Trump in the dispute over how to replace parts of Obamacare with a Republican healthcare program. “We are not the president’s subordinates. We are his equals,” he said in an emotional speech to the Senate - his first since being diagnosed. McCain’s relations with Trump have been frosty for some time. At an election campaign appearance in Iowa in 2015, Trump responded to criticism from McCain by denigrating the senator’s military service, which included 5 1/2-years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam. He was tortured while in captivity and is seen as a war hero by many Americans. “He’s not a war hero,” Trump told a gathering of religious conservatives. “He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.”  The following day, Trump said McCain’s work on behalf of military veterans was “all talk no action.” McCain, a leading Republican voice on defense and security, has generally been restrained in his criticism of Trump but has also at times let loose, including recent accusations that Trump has weakened America’s standing in world affairs and kowtowed to Russian President Vladimir Putin. With his Friday vote that brought the tally to 51-49 against a Republican bill repealing parts of former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, McCain became the third Senate Republican to bolt, leaving no path for passage of the measure. The Arizona Republican, who was the Republican presidential candidate in 2008, also added another important chapter to his maverick, 30-year Senate career, stunning some of his fellow legislators and leaving Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell with the worst defeat of his long political career. But most notably, McCain denied Trump what could have been the first major legislative victory of his administration, and demonstrated to the businessman-turned-president that Washington works in different ways from companies where CEOs have freer hands in dictating outcomes. Although Trump was minimally involved in the process of crafting the legislation, he had made plain it was a priority. When the Senate failed to push through bills drawn up by the Republican leadership over the past few weeks, Trump told Republicans to get back to work and try again. He has been publicly urging them to get the job done. Despite McCain’s tensions with the White House, Vice President Mike Pence was assigned the task of trying to convince him to vote for the so-called skinny bill that aimed to pare away parts of Obamacare. That, after it became apparent that Trump’s cheerleading tweet on Thursday night was not working: “Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!” Pence spent 21 minutes, according to reporters watching inside the Senate chamber, talking to McCain on the Senate floor. McCain was not budging, even after taking a short phone call from the president. After the Senate vote tally was announced in the Senate, McCain was embraced by senators from both sides of the aisle. Democrats were delighted he had helped kill the Obamacare repeal effort and some Republicans just wanted to show their respect for the man. McConnell spoke bitterly of the defeat. “I imagine many of our colleagues on the other side are celebrating, probably pretty happy about all of this.” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer again called for bipartisan work to fix Obamacare’s shortcomings, saying, “I would suggest we turn the page... We are not celebrating. We are relieved.” Just three days ago, Trump praised McCain as a brave “American hero” for coming back to Washington from Arizona, where he had been recuperating from surgery, to take part in the healthcare legislative effort.  Now the president was dejected. “3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!,” Trump tweeted following his defeat. On Friday, McCain advised a much different approach: an immediate, collaborative effort with Democrats on healthcare. For McCain, who also hoped to shepherd a major defense bill through the Senate, his political and legislative tussles could now be interrupted by the more pressing need to treat his cancer. ",1
2437,Senator McCain returning to Arizona for cancer treatment: statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, who was diagnosed with brain cancer, is returning home to Arizona for medical treatment at the Mayo Clinic, McCain’s office said on Friday. “On Monday, July 31, he will begin a standard post-surgical regimen of targeted radiation and chemotherapy. During that time, Senator McCain will maintain a work schedule,” the office said in a statement. It said the 80-year-old Republican would return to Washington at the end of the August congressional recess. ",1
2438,Arkansas limits on abortion pill can proceed: appeals court,"(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that an Arkansas law restricting the use of the so-called abortion pill could proceed, overturning a lower court’s decision in 2015 that blocked the law a day before it was to go into effect. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis sent the case back to the federal district court in Little Rock, telling the court it must estimate approximately how many women would likely be harmed by the law before the case could proceed further. Planned Parenthood Great Plains, which runs two of the three clinics providing abortions in Arkansas, sued the state in 2015, saying the law would deprive many Arkansas women of their right to an abortion.  The law requires that any doctor dispensing abortion-inducing drugs sign a contract with another doctor who would agree to handle any medical complications that might stem from the drugs. The contracted doctor must have admitting privileges at a hospital designated to handle emergencies related to abortion pills. Planned Parenthood said it ran a 24-hour telephone helpline for patients and that medical complications were extremely rare, but that in those instances its doctors and nurses already have procedures to ensure a patient receives any care they need at a nearby hospital. U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker sided with Planned Parenthood in 2015, concluding that it would not be able to find such a doctor and be forced to stop offering abortion services at its clinics in Little Rock and Fayetteville.  Women in Fayetteville, for example, would then have to make two 380-mile (610-km) round trips to get an abortion at what would be the state’s last remaining abortion clinic, Baker’s ruling said. Ruling that this was an undue burden on those women and that Planned Parenthood would likely win its lawsuit, Baker granted a preliminary injunction stopping the law from taking effect. On Friday, the appeals court overturned that injunction. The ruling said the district court had “abused its discretion” and criticized it for not determining even approximately how many women would be affected. Planned Parenthood could win its case if the court found a “large fraction” of women seeking abortion-inducing drugs would face an undue burden, but the lower court failed to determine this, the ruling said. Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge welcomed the ruling, saying in a statement that “Planned Parenthood failed to show that the state law is a substantial obstacle preventing most women from having access to abortion services.” Danielle Wells, a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said the organization was mulling its next steps, but noted it would have two weeks under the appeals court rules to petition for a rehearing. “This law was written by politicians, and not doctors, and is part of a national strategy to end access to abortion step by step and law by law,” Wells wrote in an email. ",1
2439,TransCanada to make final decision on Keystone XL by December,"(Reuters) - TransCanada Corp, Canada’s No.2 pipeline operator, will make a final investment decision on its Keystone XL project by December, the company said on Friday as it reported a better-than-expected profit. The December timeline is the first time the company has publicly set a deadline about making an investment decision for the project since U.S. President Donald Trump approved Keystone XL in March, reversing a decision by Barack Obama. The investment decision will be based on shipper demand and a regulatory outcome from the U.S. state of Nebraska, through which the project passes, Paul Miller, executive vice president and president of liquid pipeline at TransCanada, said in a conference call after the release of quarterly results.  “Our assessment of these factors will really drive our investment decision when we get into that November-December time frame,” he said. While TransCanada has “good support” from existing shippers, including those who departed after Keystone XL’s 2015 rejection, it is seeking new entrants and wants a “significant” level of commitment, Miller said, without specifying precise figures. TransCanada launched an open season on Thursday for additional commitments for Keystone XL. The expansion increases the capacity of the current Keystone system from Canada’s oil-producing Alberta province to the Gulf of Mexico. TransCanada also said on Friday it will invest about C$160 million ($129 million) to expand the capacity of the Canadian natural gas mainline, a move that could help producers who have been denied an export route after this week’s cancellation of the Pacific NorthWest project. Malaysian state-owned Petroliam Nasional Bhd [PETR.UL], or Petronas, announced scrapping of its Pacific NorthWest liquefied natural gas terminal in Canada’s British Columbia province this week, due to depressed commodity prices. TransCanada, which spent at least C$500 million to build the pipeline connecting gas wells to the terminal, said it would be reimbursed this year for costs associated with the project.  The company’s profits on Friday were helped by strength in its U.S. natural gas pipelines and liquids pipelines units. Revenue from the company’s U.S. natural gas pipelines unit more than doubled to C$879 million. Its net income attributable to shareholders rose to C$881 million, or C$1.01 per share, in the second quarter ended June 30, compared with C$365 million, or 52 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier. On an adjusted basis, the company earned 76 Canadian cents per share beating analysts’ estimate of 69 Canadian cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue rose nearly 17 percent to C$3.22 billion. ",1
2440,Congressman becomes first Democrat to declare 2020  presidential run,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Representative John Delaney became the first Democrat to formally enter the 2020 presidential campaign to challenge Republican President Donald Trump - more than 1,100 days before the election. “The current administration is making us less prosperous and less secure, the healthcare debacle being the most recent example of their brand of destructive partisanship,” Delaney said in a statement announcing his candidacy. Delaney represents a Maryland district that includes some  Washington suburbs.  Traditionally, candidates begin formally announcing their intentions to run for president after the midterm elections, which take place in the middle of the incumbent president’s term. The next midterm election will be in November 2018.    Trump formally filed to run for re-election the day after he took office in January. ",1
2441,"McCain says time for Republicans, Democrats to 'start fresh' on healthcare","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain, who bucked Republican leadership to help quash a healthcare measure in an overnight vote, said on Friday it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work together for a fresh start on healthcare reform. “Our inability to address the pressing health care needs of the American people with meaningful and lasting reform is inexcusable,” he said in a statement. “The vote last night presents the Senate with an opportunity to start fresh.”  “It is now time to return to regular order with input from all of our members – Republicans and Democrats – and bring a bill to the floor of the Senate for amendment and debate.”      ",1
2442,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 28) - Obamacare, Republicans, healthcare","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch! [0225 EDT] - If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60... [0946 EDT]  - ...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes.... [1000 EDT]   -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2443,Top Democrat says he hopes U.S. Senate at turning point on healthcare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Friday he hoped Congress had reached a turning point on efforts to repeal Obamacare and it was time for the parties to work together to stabilize the insurance markets and fix the system’s weaknesses. Schumer, speaking at a news conference, praised the three Republican senators who decided join Democrats in voting against a Senate effort to pass a slimmed-down version of the Republican healthcare bill.  “I hope this is a turning point,” Schumer told reporters. “On healthcare, I hope we can work together to make the system better in a bipartisan way.” ",1
2444,Trump Hotels talking to about 10 new franchisees for midscale brand,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - (In this July 27 story, paragraph 5 corrects to say midscale brands have been announced over the past year and a half. In paragraph 12 corrects description of IHG brand to Holiday Inn Express from Holiday Inn; corrects to say new brand would aim to capture part of $20 billion market rather than to generate $20 billion in revenues on its own) Trump Hotels, diversifying from a longtime focus on the luxury market, has about 10 hotels in the pipeline for its recently announced midscale American Idea chain, Chief Executive Eric Danziger said in an interview with Reuters. The new chain, the product of conversations last year between President Donald Trump’s sons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump about the lack of options in the midscale market, will be franchised and thus not directly operated by Trump Hotels, unlike most of the company’s other properties. When closely held Trump Hotels, which is part of the Trump Organization, announced the brand last month, it said it had struck a deal with Chawla Pointe, LLC, to open three of the properties in Mississippi. If the further “10 or so” properties come to fruition, the deals would thrust Trump Hotels into the midscale market at a time when other hotel companies are extending their range in that area. Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT.N) and Intercontinental Hotels Group Plc (IHG.L) have announced new midscale brands over the past year and a half.      “Generally that midscale product is all the same with a different name on it,” Danziger said in a phone interview this week, adding that American Idea would differentiate itself with a decor he described as “flea market chic,” with decor and design tailored to local industries and landmarks.    Danziger said most American Idea hotels would be conversions from other brands, with the first expected to open in early 2018. Advertising is set to begin next month, he said. Danziger declined to provide further details about the potential new American Idea locations, saying the deals had not been finalized, but said the negotiations were with owners from different parts of the country. Trump Hotels, whose best-known properties are luxury hotels in major cities like New York, Chicago, Washington and Las Vegas, earlier this year unveiled a third brand, Scion, which has lower prices than the traditional Trump hotels and is aimed at millennials. The U.S. president turned over management of the umbrella Trump Organization in January to a trust controlled by his two oldest sons, but he still owns his businesses, including its hotels, and can draw revenue from them at any time. Among other, larger chains, Hilton is hoping its Tru brand will eventually be its largest, supplanting the company’s Hampton Inn, Tru’s global head, Alexandra Jaritz, said in a phone interview. That brand’s room prices have risen over time, leaving a gap in Hilton’s portfolio for the $100-to-$120 price point, Jaritz said,  InterContinental also announced an unnamed midscale brand in June, which is expected to be at a price point $10 to $15 less than its Holiday Inn Express brand and could eventually capture part of an estimated $20 billion market segment, Heather Balsley, IHG’s senior vice president of Americas brands and marketing, told Reuters.   ",1
2445,"Ryan disappointed on Senate healthcare vote, but 'we should not give up'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday he was disappointed with the Senate’s failure to pass healthcare legislation but urged Republican senators not to give up as their colleagues in the House moved on to tax reform. “I am disappointed and frustrated, but we should not give up. I encourage the Senate to continue working toward a real solution that keeps our promise,” Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, said in a statement. He said the House would move on to tax reform including cutting taxes for middle class families. ",1
2446,U.S. Justice Department says anti-bias law does not protect gay workers," (In this July 27 story, corrects paragraph 7 to reflect that Zarda died in a BASE-jumping accident, not a skydiving accident) By Daniel Wiessner (Reuters) - The Trump administration told a U.S. appeals court that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees, a sharp reversal of the position former President Barack Obama took on a key civil rights issue. The U.S. Department of Justice, in a friend of the court brief, told the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan on Wednesday that Congress never intended Title VII, which bans sex discrimination in the workplace, to apply to gay workers.  The department also said the court owed no deference to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, a federal agency that enforces Title VII and has argued since 2012 that the law bans discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.  The brief came hours after President Donald Trump said he would ban transgender people from serving in the military. That would reverse a 2016 policy adopted by Obama.  Justice Department spokesman Devin O’Malley said the brief was consistent with rulings by 10 federal appeals courts and “reaffirms the Department’s fundamental belief that the courts cannot expand the law beyond what Congress has provided.” The department’s brief was in support of New York skydiving company Altitude Express Inc in a lawsuit filed by a former employee, Donald Zarda.  Zarda claimed he lost his job as a skydiving instructor after he told a customer he was gay and she complained. He died in a BASE-jumping accident after filing the lawsuit. In April, a three-judge 2nd Circuit panel dismissed Zarda’s case, citing a prior ruling that said discrimination against gay workers is not a form of sex discrimination under Title VII. The full court, which can overturn the prior decision, agreed in May to review the case. The issue could reach the U.S. Supreme Court in a different case brought by a former security guard at a Georgia hospital who claims she was harassed and forced to quit because she is gay.  Earlier this month, LGBT rights group Lambda Legal, which represents the former security guard, said it would ask the high court to review the case.  On Wednesday, the Justice Department said employers engage in sex discrimination only when they treat male and female workers differently. Objecting to homosexuality does not depend on sex, the department said, but on moral or religious beliefs. “Of course, if an employer fired only gay men but not gay women (or vice versa), that would be prohibited by Title VII,” the department wrote, “but precisely because it would be discrimination based on sex, not sexual orientation.” Zarda’s lawyer, Gregory Antollino, said on Thursday that the department was making the same arguments the Supreme Court rejected in cases involving discrimination against workers in interracial relationships. ",1
2447,Democratic leader urges U.S. House to move on Obamacare fixes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi urged Republicans to establish a process to move forward on improvements to Obamacare on Friday after their healthcare reform effort failed in the Senate. “We call upon the speaker to establish a process - we can go right to the committees - and have the discussion on how we keep America healthy,” Pelosi said at a news conference at which Democrats called for a bipartisan effort on healthcare reform. ",1
2448,U.S. expresses 'strong disappointment and protest' over Russia retaliation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Ambassador to Moscow, John Tefft, has “expressed his strong disappointment and protest” over Russia’s decision to cut U.S. diplomatic staff in Moscow and seize a dacha compound and warehouse used by American diplomats, a State Department official said on Friday. Russia’s moves came a day after the U.S. Senate voted to slap new sanctions on Russia, putting President Donald Trump in a tough position by forcing him to take a hard line against Moscow or veto the legislation and anger his own Republican Party.  “We have received the Russian government notification,” a State Department official said on condition of anonymity. “Ambassador Tefft expressed his strong disappointment and protest.” ",1
2449,Top Trump lieutenant Scaramucci lashes colleagues in obscene rant," (Note: Strong language in paragraph 3) By Steve Holland WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Open warfare erupted inside President Donald Trump’s inner circle as his new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, attacked senior White House colleagues in obscene comments published on Thursday. Scaramucci blasted White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, in an article in The New Yorker based on a telephone conversation on Wednesday night between one of the magazine’s correspondents and Scaramucci. Amid a stream of vulgar language, the former Wall Street financier named to the communications post last Friday called Priebus a “fucking paranoid schizophrenic” and accused Bannon of trying to build his own brand “off the fucking strength of the president.” In a Twitter message after the article appeared online, Scaramucci said: “I sometimes use colorful language. I will  refrain in this arena but not give up the passionate fight for @realDonaldTrump’s agenda.” Asked about the article, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the administration was focused on healthcare and other items. “He used some colorful language that I don’t anticipate he’ll do again,” she told reporters. Any apology “needs to happen personally between them,” she said. Priebus and Bannon had no comment. Trump himself made no public comment on his aide’s outburst.   Some of Trump’s advisers have questioned Priebus’ competence and his position appeared weak. Republicans close to the White House said Trump’s family had also been critical of his chief of staff. The drama was the latest sign of disarray within the Trump White House even as it tries to advance healthcare and tax reform legislation. The president himself is preoccupied with an investigation into Russian meddling in last year’s presidential election and has been fiercely critical in recent days of his own attorney general, Jeff Sessions. The scathing remarks by Scaramucci came as he and other Trump loyalists ratcheted up pressure on Priebus, a former Republican National Committee chairman, who does not have years-long ties with Trump.  There has been speculation that Priebus, who steered the party apparatus behind Trump’s unorthodox candidacy in last year’s election, is on his way out because Trump has no major legislative achievements in his first six months in office. Earlier in the day, Sanders would not say whether Trump had confidence in Priebus.  “We all serve at the pleasure of the president and if it gets to a place where that isn’t the place, he’ll let you know,” Sanders told reporters. She added that Trump “hires the very best people” who are not always going to agree and that he supports “healthy competition, and with that competition you usually get the best results.” Priebus had sought to block Scaramucci from a White House job, according to officials. Priebus’ allies said Trump’s hiring of Scaramucci, which prompted press secretary Sean Spicer to resign, was a bad omen for Priebus. In The New Yorker article, Scaramucci demanded to know how the reporter found out about a White House dinner Scaramucci had with Trump on Wednesday. In the conversation, Scaramucci made clear he suspected that Priebus had leaked the information to the reporter, calling Priebus “a paranoiac,” according to the magazine. Scaramucci also told The New Yorker that unlike Bannon, he had no interest in media attention. “I’m not Steve Bannon,” he said, adding: “I’m here to serve the country.” On Wednesday, Scaramucci appeared to suggest in a Twitter message, later deleted, that the Federal Bureau of Investigation should investigate Priebus over a leak of Scaramucci’s financial records. “If Reince wants to explain he’s not a leaker, let him do that,” Scaramucci said on CNN’s “New Day” on Thursday. U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan defended Priebus on Thursday. The two men, both from Wisconsin, are close. “Reince is doing a fantastic job at the White House and I believe he has the president’s confidence. If those two gentlemen have differences, my advice would be to sit down and settle your differences,” Ryan told a news conference. Trump allies saw the drama playing out as a sign that the group of original Trump supporters was growing weary of Priebus and the RNC faction he brought with him. “There is a widespread feeling among Trump supporters that he’s never been a real supporter of Donald Trump and that he isn’t playing to win on the president’s behalf,” said an outside Trump adviser. “After six months of this, time is up.” ",1
2450,"Hypothetically speaking, U.S. Admiral says ready for nuclear strike on China if Trump so ordered","MELBOURNE (Reuters) - The U.S. Pacific Fleet commander, addressing a security conference in Australia, said in answer to a question on Thursday that he would be prepared to launch a nuclear strike on China if President Donald Trump so ordered. The fleet spokesman later said the question was asked as an “outrageous hypothetical”. Admiral Scott Swift was speaking at the Australian National University in Canberra when he was asked whether he would be prepared to launch a nuclear attack on China if ordered to do so by Trump. “The answer would be yes,” he said.  Swift said that all members of the U.S. military had sworn an oath to obey officers and the U.S. president as commander in chief to defend the constitution. “This is core to the American democracy,” he said, in a recording of the event obtained by Reuters. “Any time you have a military that is moving away from a focus, and an allegiance, to civilian control, then we really have significant problems.”   Swift’s answer reaffirmed the principle of civilian control over the military and was based on an “outrageous hypothetical” in the question, Pacific Fleet spokesman Captain Charlie Brown told Reuters. “Frankly, the premise of the question was ridiculous,” he said. “It was posed as an outrageous hypothetical, but the admiral simply took it as an opportunity to say the fact is that we have civilian control of the military and we abide by that principle.” Speaking in Beijing on Friday, a spokesman of China’s Foreign Ministry also downplayed the remark. “Many people have paid attention to this but the spokesman for the Pacific Fleet has pointed out the ridiculousness of this report,” Lu Kang told a daily news briefing.  The United States and China enjoy a generally friendly relationship, with strong economic ties, albeit with frequent barbs about trade, jobs, currencies, human rights, Tibet, the South China Sea and North Korea. Trump has held high hopes for greater cooperation from China to exert influence over North Korea, leaning heavily on Chinese President Xi Jinping for his assistance. The two leaders had a high-profile summit in Florida in April and Trump has frequently praised Xi. ",1
2451,"Senate slaps new sanctions on Russia, putting Trump in corner","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate voted almost unanimously on Thursday to slap new sanctions on Russia, putting President Donald Trump in a tough position by forcing him to take a hard line on Moscow or veto the legislation and infuriate his own Republican Party. The legislation all but dashes Trump’s hopes for warmer ties with Moscow as his administration is dogged by congressional and special counsel investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election to sway it in Trump’s favor. Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has repeatedly denied the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Moscow interfered using cyber warfare methods, has threatened retaliation against the legislation. The Senate backed the bill, which also imposes sanctions on Iran and North Korea, by a margin of 98-2 with strong support from Trump’s fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The bill, which includes a provision that allows Congress to stop any effort by Trump to ease existing sanctions on Russia, will now be sent to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. It is the first major foreign policy legislation approved by Congress under Trump, who has struggled to advance his domestic agenda despite Republicans controlling the Senate and House of Representatives. The strong bipartisan support for the bill was a sharp contrast to the bitter partisan rancor during debate over how to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system. If Trump chooses to veto it, the bill is expected to garner enough support in both chambers to override his veto and pass it into law. The sanctions measure has already passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 419-3.  Republicans and Democrats have pushed for more sanctions partly as a response to the election allegations. Trump denies any collusion between his campaign and Moscow. Republican Senator John McCain, a leading congressional voice calling for a firm line against Russia, said before the vote: “The United States of America needs to send a strong message to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not tolerate attacks on our democracy.” Putin said Moscow would only decide on how to retaliate once it had seen the final text of the proposed law. The bill would affect a range of Russian industries and might further hurt the Russian economy, already weakened by 2014 sanctions imposed after Russia annexed Crime from Ukraine. Besides angering Moscow, the legislation has upset the European Union, which has said the new sanctions might affect its energy security and prompt it to act, too. The legislation also cracks down on Iran and North Korea  for activities including their missile development programs and human rights abuses, including seeking to punish foreign banks that do business with North Korea. It also imposes restrictions on anyone involved in Iran’s ballistic missile program and those who do business with them. The sanctions also apply to Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps security force. Earlier on Thursday, a senior White House aide said Trump could veto the pending legislation in order to push for a tougher deal, an idea that drew skepticism in Congress because his administration had spent weeks lobbying for a weaker bill. “He may sign the sanctions exactly the way they are or he may veto the sanctions and negotiate an even tougher deal against the Russians,” White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci told CNN. Earlier on Thursday, Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters: “I would guess that he (Trump) will sign it.” A White House official said the bill would be reviewed, “but we strongly support sanctions against all three countries.” Another White House official said it could take a couple of days before the legislation gets to Trump’s desk. Trump can impose new sanctions at any time through an executive order. “This bill doesn’t preclude him from issuing tougher sanctions. That doesn’t make any sense,” said Edward Fishman, a former State Department official during the Obama administration who worked on U.S. sanctions policy. Once Trump receives the bill, if he does not sign it, he has 10 days, excluding Sundays, before he must issue a veto and prevent the bill from becoming law automatically.  If he opts for a veto, the bill can become law anyway if two-thirds of both the House and Senate vote for an override.  Putin said on a visit to Finland on Thursday that Russia was “exercising restraint and patience, but at some moment we’ll have to retaliate. It’s impossible to endlessly tolerate this boorishness towards our country.” Putin, at a news conference with Finnish President Sauli Niinisto, also spoke about former President Barack Obama’s order last December to seize Russian diplomatic property in the United States and to expel 35 Russian diplomats. “This goes beyond all reasonable bounds,” Putin said. “And now these sanctions - they are also absolutely unlawful from the point of view of international law.” ",1
2452,Factbox: What's in the Senate's 'skinny repeal' healthcare bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans released their “skinny bill” that would repeal some of Obamacare late on Thursday, just hours before they were expected to vote on the legislation. Many Republican lawmakers said they did not want the eight-page bill to become law, and held off supporting it until they received assurances from House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan that members of both chambers could set up a special committee that would craft new legislation.  Senate Republican leaders said the bill was simply a way to keep alive the seven-year promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, which was also a top campaign promise from President Donald Trump. The Senate failed to pass two major bills earlier in the week that would repeal or replace the healthcare law after spending months on both pieces of legislation.  The Affordable Care Act, known informally as Obamacare, brought insurance to 20 million previously uninsured Americans and was the signature domestic achievement of former Democratic President Barack Obama. Republicans say the law is too costly and represents undue government interference in healthcare.  Here’s what’s in the “skinny” repeal bill, formally called the Health Care Freedom Act:  The bill repeals an Obamacare penalty on individuals who do not purchase health insurance. It also repeals a penalty for eight years on employers with more than 50 employees that do not provide health insurance.  The legislation repeals a 2.3 percent excise tax on medical device sales, until Dec. 31, 2020. If it were to become law, this repeal would be welcome news to manufacturers such as Medtronic Inc and Abbott Laboratories Inc.  The Senate bill effectively defunds Planned Parenthood for one year by prohibiting Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor and disabled, from reimbursing the women’s healthcare provider. The majority of Planned Parenthood patients are on Medicaid.  Unlike previous attempts to craft legislation to repeal or replace Obamacare, the skinny bill does not end the law’s Medicaid expansion or make changes to the federal health program. ",1
2453,Senate passes measure that permanently repeals 'Cadillac' tax,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans passed a measure on Thursday that would permanently repeal Obamacare’s so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance without a single Democratic vote amid a broader debate to repeal the healthcare law.  The measure passed along party lines by a 52-48 vote. To become law, it will need to be passed by the U.S. House of Representatives. ",1
2454,U.S. Senate Republicans unveil 'skinny' Obamacare repeal bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republicans unveiled a so-called skinny Obamacare repeal bill on Thursday, hours before an expected vote could determine whether their latest effort to overturn the Affordable Care Act succeeds. The eight-page measure appeared on the website of the Senate Budget Committee.     ",1
2455,Ryan assures U.S. Senate Republicans on skinny Obamacare repeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan assured five Republican senators on Thursday that if a healthcare bill passes the Senate, he will take it to a conference committee rather than have the House vote on it, Republican Senator Lindsey Graham told reporters. Graham, who had vowed to oppose a “skinny” Obamacare repeal bill unless assured by Ryan, said the House speaker told lawmakers that he did not see such legislation as good policy. Asked if he would now vote “yes” on such a bill, Graham said: “Yes. Based on what I heard, I am.”  ",1
2456,Kansas governor tapped as religious ambassador reflects on legacy,"(Reuters) - Kansas Governor Sam Brownback on Thursday shrugged off the political backlash and budget woes stirred by his aggressive tax-cutting policies at home as he looked forward to a new role as the Trump administration’s chief defender of global religious tolerance. The two-term Republican addressed both topics at a news conference in Topeka a day after the White House announced that he would soon be nominated as U.S. ambassador at large for international religious freedom, a State Department post. Brownback, who previously represented his home state in the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate, was a sponsor of the 1998 law that created the diplomatic post he now aspires to fill. “International religious freedom is going the wrong way. It’s getting worse around the world, not better,” Brownback told reporters. “It affects all faiths, it affects all religions.” One of Brownback’s most notable forays into the realm of faith as governor came in 2015, when he issued an executive order to protect the religious convictions of clergy as Kansas began to comply with the landmark ruling of the U.S. Supreme Court legalizing same-sex marriage. His gubernatorial legacy, however, has been largely defined by 2012 legislation he championed to roll back tax rates to help stimulate Kansas’ economy. The deep cuts shrank state coffers and caused Kansas to miss revenue targets, turning the state into a cautionary tale of fiscal mismanagement.  “It’s amazed me, too, that a tax cut done in a Midwestern state in 2012 has been the dominant tax discussion in America the last five years,” Brownback said on Thursday. He mostly defended his tax strategy, though conceded some resulting spending cuts could have been carried out “more artfully.”  More than a dozen conservative allies in the state legislature lost their seats in the November election in what was seen as a political repudiation of Brownback’s fiscal policies. Earlier this year, both chambers of the Republican-controlled legislature voted to raise taxes and overrode Brownback’s attempt to veto that measure. Republican state Representative Melissa Rooker, in a separate interview with Reuters, called Brownback’s tax policy “an unmitigated disaster.” Lieutenant Governor Jeff Colyer, a physician who previously served in the legislature, would succeed Brownback if he resigned to assume the diplomatic post. It was unclear how soon Brownback might move to Washington, D.C. In the meantime, his standing at home is low. Brownback ranks as the second-least popular governor in the United States, with a 66 percent disapproval rating, according to the nonpartisan political research company Morning Consult. ",1
2457,"Factbox: Scaramucci's financial potpourri - baseball, movies, diet shakes","(Reuters) - Best known as a New York hedge fund industry executive, Anthony Scaramucci, President Donald Trump’s incoming communications director, has stakes in a film company, a glitzy Manhattan steakhouse and a nutrition business accused by U.S. regulators of making false claims in 2015, financial disclosures show. Overall, Scaramucci has assets in a range of approximately $61 million to $85 million, the forms show. He also has liabilities, such as mortgages and personal loans, of between $6.9 million and $25.8 million.  Scaramucci’s income since the start of 2016 - more than $10 million - is mostly derived from SkyBridge Capital, the hedge fund investment business that he founded in 2005 and is now in the process of selling to join the Trump administration. The disclosure says Scaramucci stands to make more than $50 million from the SkyBridge sale, which he said in May would likely close in June. The deal is on hold pending a regulatory review of its foreign-linked buyers. Scaramucci did not respond to a request for comment.  His wife Deidre is listed on the forms as making $256,250 for investor relations work at SkyBridge starting last year. A SkyBridge spokeswoman said Deidre Scaramucci no longer works at the firm but did not say when she left. The disclosure document, obtained by Politico, was made to the U.S. Office of Government Ethics on Scaramucci’s appointment in June as chief strategy officer to the U.S. Export-Import Bank. Scaramucci on Thursday was not listed on the bank’s leadership web page. At first, when Politico reported the disclosure on Wednesday, Scaramucci decried it on Twitter as a criminal leak.   Scaramucci later deleted the tweet. The form is a public document available on request. As a proud son of what he calls blue-collar Long Island, Scaramucci has long rooted for the New York Mets and made an investment in the baseball team valued between $1 million and $5 million, the disclosures show. It paid him $53,000 over the last year and a half.  Scaramucci has an investment of as much as $250,000 in Strat-O-Matic Media LLC, which creates online simulations for baseball, football, hockey and basketball. A love of entertainment, particularly the Hollywood kind, is also apparent. Investments include a $50,001 to $100,000 stake in the film company behind “American Psycho” and “Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.” According to media reports, Scaramucci paid $100,000 to have himself and SkyBridge make appearances in the 2010 sequel to the 1987 Oliver Stone-produced hit, “Wall Street.”Scaramucci, the document shows, is a financial backer of “Crazy for the Boys,” a movie in production about a group of high school girls who take a stand against bullying. Real estate features prominently in Scaramucci’s portfolio. It ranges from residential property valued between $1 million and $5 million in Southampton, Long Island, where wealthy hedge fund managers often spend their summer weekends, to a loan valued at up to $100,000 to the Manhattan property of the restaurant he co-owns, Hunt & Fish Club.  Scaramucci has often mingled with celebrities, professional athletes and media types at the steakhouse, which features $130 porterhouses, personalized steak knives and shoeshines during dinner. There is a smattering of smaller holdings.  One is a stake worth between $30,002 and $100,000 in two Genesis nutrition supplement companies founded and previously led by Lindsey Duncan. The company sells diet drink powders and vitamins. In 2015, Duncan and related companies settled charges by the Federal Trade Commission for falsely claiming that green coffee bean supplements cause rapid weight loss on The Dr. Oz Show and The View. It was unclear when Scaramucci made the investment. Duncan and a spokeswoman for Genesis did not respond to a request for comment. Another small holding is in NSSI Life Settlement Services Inc. The exact nature of the business was unclear. Life settlements are generally a niche investment product where policy owners sell rights to life insurance payouts to a third party in exchange for cash while they are still alive. ",1
2458,White House divisions on display with Scaramucci's comments,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The rifts inside President Donald Trump’s White House were on startling display on Thursday, as his new communications director urged Trump’s chief of staff to state publicly that he does not leak information to the media. Anthony Scaramucci, a New York financier who last week became the White House communications chief, also compared his relationship with Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, to a pair of brothers from the Bible, one of whom killed the other. Scaramucci said last week he and Priebus were friends and “a little bit like brothers, where we rough each other up once in a while, which is totally normal for brothers.” On Thursday, Scaramucci said in an interview with CNN: “When I said we were brothers from the podium, that’s because we’re rough on each other. Some brothers are like Cain and Abel. Other brothers can fight with each other and get along. I don’t know if this is repairable or not. That will be up to the president.” Scaramucci appeared to suggest in a Twitter post late on Wednesday that Priebus may have had a hand in what Scaramucci described as a “leak” of his official financial disclosure documents to the U.S. news organization Politico.  Politico said the information was not a leak but was publicly accessible. “When I put out a tweet and I put Reince’s name in a tweet, they’re all making the assumption that it’s him because journalists know who the leakers are,” Scaramucci told CNN on Thursday. “So if Reince wants to explain he’s not a leaker, let him do that,” Scaramucci added. Scaramucci had written earlier on Twitter: “In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony. I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept #swamp @Reince45.” Scaramucci’s comments illustrated an ongoing power struggle at the highest levels of Trump’s staff as the Republican president faces investigations into his election campaign’s connections with Russia and with Trump yet to win congressional approval for any major legislation. Republican U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan defended Priebus after Scaramucci’s comments. “Reince is doing a fantastic job at the White House and I believe he has the president’s confidence. If those two gentlemen have differences my advice would be to sit down and settle your differences,” Ryan said at a news conference. ",1
2459,Lawmakers say Ross defers to Trump on U.S. steel tariff timing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers said on Thursday that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told them he will defer to President Donald Trump on the timing of a decision on new steel import curbs, likely meaning further delays and deliberations on the issue. Members of the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee attending a briefing with Ross said he did not specify a timetable for releasing a long-awaited report that will lay out options for shielding the steel industry from imports on national security grounds. Ross had originally hoped to release the steel “Section 232” report at the end of June but the timing has slipped amid disagreements among White House aides over the merits of restricting imports that could hurt steel consuming industries. A House Democratic aide who attended the briefing said Ross repeated President Donald Trump’s comments in a Wall Street Journal interview this week that the decision on potential steel tariffs would take more time and could come after congressional debates on health care, tax reform and infrastructure spending.     “I can only follow my leader,” the aide said Ross told the briefing. The Commerce secretary also told lawmakers the issue had a lot of complexities and that he was considering the interests of both steel makers and steel users and concerned about potential trade retaliation against U.S. agricultural products. The lawmakers said Ross told them he was taking a similar approach to a parallel national security probe into aluminum imports. “I think it’s a good sign that they’re actually slowing down and taking a long look, not trying to mix this in with these other issues that have to be lifted,” said Republican Representative Jackie Walorski.   “I think that Secretary Ross is committed to making sure that we’re doing no harm, that we’re getting this right. I need it to be right when it comes to aluminum,” Walorski said, adding that the recreational vehicle industry in her northern Indiana district does not want to higher aluminum prices due tariffs. Representative Judy Chu, a California Democrat, said Ross told the lawmakers that the Trump administration also wanted to pursue negotiations with other steel-producing countries to address the problem of excess capacity that was causing a flood of dumped imports. But Ross and U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last week failed to secure commitments from their Chinese counterparts to make specific commitments to cut steel production capacity. China, which produces half the world’s steel, is widely viewed as the source of much of the metal’s excess production. ",1
2460,Three Republicans threaten to vote no on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three Republican U.S. senators warned Thursday they would not vote for a slimmed-down Obamacare repeal bill without guarantees that the House of Representatives will go into negotiations with the Senate on the measure. The senators - Lindsey Graham, John McCain and Ron Johnson - said they fear the House will simply take up the Senate-passed bill and approve it, instead of negotiating with the Senate to produce a more comprehensive measure. They think the slimmed-down healthcare bill, which Senate Republicans are still developing, will be an insufficient replacement for Obamacare.  The three senators are enough to block a bill from passing the Senate, assuming no Democrats will vote for an Obamacare repeal bill. ",1
2461,House leader says willing to do conference committee on healthcare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he is willing to go to a conference committee with the Senate if it passes a pared-down version of Obamacare repeal. Ryan said the Senate had made it clear that they did not want their “skinny repeal” bill, the contents of which are not yet known but was expected to be voted upon on Thursday or Friday, to become law and that the aim of passing the legislation was to keep alive the process of repealing the Affordable Care Act. If a conference committee produces legislation, both the House and Senate will have to vote on it, and Ryan said the burden would fall on the Senate to pass it first.  ",1
2462,Trump ban on transgender service members alarms some military officers,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s sudden decision to ban transgender  personnel from serving in the military has alarmed some senior military officers who were caught off guard by it. Trump’s declaration, which came via early morning tweets on Wednesday, appeared to pre-empt an ongoing Pentagon review looking into allowing openly transgender recruits to join the military, and he drew criticism from three senior officers interviewed by Reuters on Thursday.     “I hope our commander in chief understands that we don’t transmit orders via Twitter, and that he can’t, either,” one said by telephone, speaking on the condition of anonymity. “Even if this were an order, implementing it legally would take considerable time, if it’s even possible.”      Rights groups and some lawmakers from both parties accused Trump of politically motivated discrimination and said the decision creates uncertainty for transgender active-duty service members and reservists, who say they number in the thousands.. The United States’ top military officer, Marine General Joseph Dunford, told the armed forces on Thursday there had been no change yet to Pentagon policy on transgender personnel. Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, acknowledged the uncertainty that followed Trump’s announcement in a note to service chiefs, commanders and senior enlisted leaders. “I know there are questions about yesterday’s announcement on the transgender policy by the President,” Dunford wrote. “There will be no modifications to the current policy until the President’s direction has been received by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary has issued implementation guidance,” Dunford said in the message, first reported by Reuters. Dunford then made the assurance that the military would “treat all of our personnel with respect.”  His message neither voiced support nor opposition to Trump’s decision. One official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Dunford in a separate message sent more narrowly to heads of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force acknowledged that Trump’s announcement on Wednesday was “unexpected.” The Defense Department had been expected to begin formally allowing transgender people to enlist this year. But Mattis on June 30 approved a six-month delay to allow for a review.  As a presidential candidate, Trump last year had vowed to fight for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people.  His move on Wednesday was praised by conservative activists and some fellow Republicans. The White House said Trump had “extensive discussions with his national security team,” and that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was informed after the president decided on Tuesday to go ahead. Trump cited “tremendous medical costs and disruption” as a justification for the ban, a point disputed by experts and advocates for allowing military service to be determined by an individual’s capabilities, not gender identity or sexual preference. The Army’s chief of staff, General Mark Milley, said on Thursday that there had been issues with transgender individuals serving in the Army. “I will be candid. ... This is a complex issue and there (are) a variety of challenges out there that we have to deal with and we have been working through it, but this is not clean-cut either way,” he said. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said implementation of  Trump’s decision was still being worked out. Separately, the Trump administration on Thursday told a U.S. appeals court in New York that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees, a sharp reversal of the position Democratic former President Barack Obama took. Trump’s plan to ban transgender military service members has  unleashed legal threats from advocates who say they are seeking plaintiffs who want to sue. Trump’s tweets did not make clear when a ban would go into effect, nor whether it applies to serving members of the military or those wishing to join.  But if the Defense Department actively roots out transgender people and discharges them from the military, the Pentagon is likely to face an especially contentious fight, legal experts say. “There’s no valid justification for excluding transgender people from the military,” said Jon Davidson, legal director for LGBT rights group Lambda Legal. It was also unclear whether it might go beyond active-duty forces and apply to reservists. Indiana National Guard reservist Cameron St. Andrew, who  resigned from full-time service after the November election, told Reuters that as a transgender person he was concerned about his status. “I try to be tough about it,” he said, but added: “It breaks your spirit down.” One active-duty U.S. military officer, speaking on condition of anonymity, said senior officials were not consulted. “We’re scratching our heads and asking where the hell this came from,” the officer said by phone.  “Maybe the president is in step with some members of Congress and some voters, but he is out of step with today’s military. Our service personnel today don’t give a damn about the personal lives of their comrades so long as they know they can trust them when it counts.” ",1
2463,U.S. lawmaker requests investigation into threat to Alaska senators over healthcare vote,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A leading Democratic lawmaker on Thursday said he would ask federal officials to investigate reported threats by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke regarding Alaska energy policy to retaliate against opposition from one of the state’s Republican senators to efforts to repeal Obamacare. U.S. Representative Raul Grijalva of Arizona, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives’ Committee on Natural Resources, said an investigation is necessary and called Zinke’s actions unethical. The congressman will ask the Government Accountability Office, the Interior Department’s inspector general or both to investigate, a spokesman said. The Alaska Dispatch News on Thursday reported that Zinke had called Senators Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan, both Republicans, on Wednesday. He warned them that Murkowski’s vote on Tuesday against a motion to begin debate on the healthcare overhaul could have negative consequences for energy and land use in Alaska, the newspaper said. Murkowski’s no vote forced Vice President Mike Pence to cast a tie-breaking vote to pass the motion by a 51-50 ballot. The call from Zinke followed a phone conversation Murkowski had with Republican President Donald Trump on Tuesday, which she described to E&E News, an energy and environment publication, as “very unpleasant.”  Murkowski spokeswoman Karina Petersen confirmed that Zinke had called the senator. “Threatening to punish your rivals as political blackmail is something we’d see from the Kremlin,” Grijalva said. “Secretary Zinke’s willingness to deliver these threats speaks volumes about his ethical standards and demonstrates that Interior’s policy positions are up for political grabs, rather than based on science or the public interest.” Zinke’s office did not respond to requests for comment. His Interior Department oversees more than 20 percent of federal land, including national parks such as Yosemite, and deals with energy development on public land and offshore areas. The department deals with policies crucial to Alaska’s economy such as oil drilling and control of wildlife areas. Until he became a Cabinet member earlier this year, he was himself a U.S. congressman, representing Montana. Murkowski, as chair of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, oversees appropriations and appointee confirmations for the Interior Department.  Separately, Interior Department watchdog group the Western Values Project filed a records request related to Zinke’s calls to Murkowski and Sullivan. ",1
2464,Senators concerned Icahn is influencing regulators on AIG,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two prominent U.S. Democratic senators are raising questions about President Donald Trump’s special adviser, Carl Icahn, asking in a letter on Thursday if the activist investor is attempting to persuade the government to lift its “too big to fail” tag from insurer American International Group. On Friday, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, comprising the chiefs of U.S. financial regulatory agencies, will discuss AIG’s designation as a “systemically important financial institution,” commonly known as one that is “too big to fail.” In an agenda for the meeting, the council did not say which institution it will discuss.  However, there are only two non-banks designated as so large and interconnected that they would ruin the financial system if they failed - AIG and Prudential Insurance (PRU.N). The labels trigger stricter oversight and greater capital requirements. Trump has ordered a review of the designation process, currently at the heart of a lawsuit involving MetLife Inc. (MET.N), which many expect will lead his administration to rescind the current designations to try to lighten regulation it considers burdensome.  In a letter to U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, Senators Elizabeth Warren and Sheldon Whitehouse said Icahn has retained “his massive business interests” while advising Trump on regulation, including his sizable investment in AIG (AIG.N).  AIG company received a $182 billion taxpayer bailout during the 2007-09 financial crisis, which prompted Congress to call for the designations of non-banks in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law as systemically important. Icahn owned a 4.95 percent stake in AIG as of March 31. Concerned about compliance costs, Icahn had publicly pressed AIG to shrink, and tried to convince the FSOC that AIG no longer qualified for the label. Recently though, after AIG sold some assets and appointed a new chief executive, Icahn has not pushed the issue further.      Senators Warren and Whitehouse also noted Icahn met with one current FSOC member, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Chair Jay Clayton, after Clayton was nominated for the position. “Given Mr. Icahn’s recent modification of his position on the breakup of AIG, and his past interactions with administration officials, we write to seek assurances that Mr. Icahn has not provided input on or received information on the pending FSOC decision on AIG’s SIFI status,” they said. The two senators asked about any FSOC measures to ensure  individuals with an interest in its decisions do not inappropriately influence its members. They also asked if any members are subject to recusal on AIG because of interactions with Icahn, and about any staff-level conversations regarding Icahn’s investments. AIG declined to comment, and the White House and Treasury did not respond to requests for comment. ",1
2465,EU must retaliate if hurt by U.S. sanctions on Russia: German business group,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Europe must be prepared to respond in kind if the United States’ proposed new sanctions against Russia end up hurting its companies, an influential German industry association said on Thursday. U.S. lawmakers reached an agreement on Wednesday paving the way for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill as early as this week to impose the new sanctions on Russia and bar President Donald Trump from easing them without Congress’ approval. The European Union fears the new U.S. restrictions could be an obstacle to its companies doing business with Russia and threaten the bloc’s energy supply lines, but the 28-country bloc is divided over how to respond. The head of the German Committee on East European Economic Relations said potential damage to European energy sector companies with business interests in Russia could justify counter-sanctions. “It’s the last thing we want, but we must keep the option open,” Michael Harms told a news conference in Berlin. “The sanctions they want against pipeline projects seem designed to boost U.S. energy exports to Europe, create U.S. jobs and strengthen U.S. foreign policy.” Unlike the United States, whose growing production of shale gas has slashed its reliance on energy imports, much of Central Europe depends on imports of Russian gas through a vast latticework of pipelines. “Imposing sanctions that hit a third party, namely Europe, and at the same time promoting the American economy with the slogan ‘buy American gas’ - that’s pretty striking,” said Kurt Bock, chief executive of Germans chemicals giant BASF , which drills for gas in Russia. The EU has imposed its own sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis, and Germany has taken a particularly tough stance towards Moscow. Last week Reuters reported that Germany was urging Brussels to add four more Russian nationals and companies to its blacklist over Siemens gas turbines delivered to Ukraine’s Crimea region, annexed by Moscow in 2014. German economy minister Brigitte Zyries complained on Thursday that Washington had abandoned the “common line” it has maintained with Europe over Russia. But despite the EU sanctions and Europe’s criticism of Moscow on other fronts as well as Ukraine - including allegations that Russian spies are meddling in Western elections  - Russia remains a crucial business partner for Germany. On Thursday, the Committee raised to 20 percent its forecast for growth in German exports to Russia in 2017, compared to 10 percent in its previous forecast. ",1
2466,European businesses working in Russia slam proposed U.S. sanctions,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Association of European Businesses (AEB) said on Thursday it was strongly concerned that proposed new U.S. sanctions touched especially the interests of European companies and European countries in energy and other sectors related to Russia. “We do not support the introduction of additional economic sanctions by the U.S. and we appeal to the U.S., EU and Russian authorities to find a political solution which will prevent a further deterioration of mutual relations,” the AEB, the main representative body of European businesses in Russia, said in a statement. “The introduction of sanctions impedes the normal conduct of business activity, and can also lead to a serious decline in production and workplaces in relevant sectors.” ",1
2467,Putin: We'll have to retaliate against 'illegal' U.S. sanctions,"SAVONLINNA, Finland (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia would be forced to retaliate if Washington pressed ahead with what he called illegal new sanctions against Moscow, describing U.S. conduct towards his country as boorish and unreasonable. Putin, speaking on a visit to Finland, was commenting on a vote by the U.S. House of Representatives which on Tuesday decided to impose new sanctions on Moscow and to force President Donald Trump to obtain lawmakers’ permission before easing any sanctions on Russia.  The sanctions have yet to be approved by the Senate or Trump, and a top White House aide said on Thursday that Trump could veto the legislation in order to push for a tougher deal. Putin, who has repeatedly denied U.S. allegations that Russia interfered with last year’s U.S. presidential election, said Moscow would only decide on how to retaliate against Washington once it had seen the final text of the proposed law. “As you know, we are exercising restraint and patience, but at some moment we’ll have to retaliate. It’s impossible to endlessly tolerate this boorishness towards our country,” Putin told a joint news conference with his Finnish counterpart. “When will our response follow? What will it be? That will depend on the final version of the draft law which is now being debated in the U.S. Senate.” Putin also spoke about an ongoing diplomatic row between Moscow and Washington which erupted last December when then U.S. President Barack Obama ordered the seizure of Russian diplomatic property in the United States and the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats. “This goes beyond all reasonable bounds,” said Putin. “And now these sanctions - they are also absolutely unlawful from the point of view of international law.” Calling the proposed sanctions “extremely cynical,” Putin said the demarche looked like an attempt by Washington to use its “geopolitical advantages ... to safeguard its economic interests at the expense of its allies”. He dismissed Congressional investigations into Russia’s alleged meddling in last year’s U.S. presidential election, calling them a symptom of growing anti-Russian hysteria in the United States and a result of U.S. domestic politics. “It’s very sad that U.S.-Russian relations are being sacrificed to resolve internal policy issues in the U.S,” said Putin. “It’s a pity, because acting together we could be solving jointly the most acute problems that worry the peoples of Russia and the United States much more efficiently.”  However, Putin said that Moscow had “many friends” in the United States and hoped that one day the situation would right itself.  ",1
2468,Trump urged Washington to stop bank mergers in 2004 letter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump warned the administration of George W. Bush in 2004 that big U.S. bank mergers were “totally out of control” and should be stopped as they were forcing businesses to borrow money from foreigners, according to a letter seen by Reuters. Though it is 13 years old, the unsolicited letter from Trump, when he was a New York real estate developer and businessman, to then-Treasury Secretary John Snow sheds some light on Trump’s attitudes toward big banks, which he has alternately lambasted and embraced since becoming a politician. As recently as May, Trump said he was looking at breaking up big banks, echoing a campaign theme from 2016. But as president, Trump has also promised to roll back bank regulations, and he has hired Goldman Sachs veterans as close advisers. In the February 2004 letter to Snow, Trump urged the Bush administration to block a historic merger between Wall Street giants JPMorgan Chase and Bank One. Unveiled a month before Trump wrote to Snow, the deal was completed in July 2004. Trump also asked Snow to stop a merger then under way between Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial. It was completed in April 2004, a few months after the Trump letter, which Reuters obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request and which has not been previously reported. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The letter shows that as a businessman and a reality TV celebrity, Trump was worried about bank combinations and businesses relying on foreign lenders. “Hopefully, you can do something about this very serious situation - which has gotten totally out of control,” Trump wrote. “If this present trend continues, there will literally be one bank left in New York and, perhaps, the country.” “This merger activity has made it almost impossible to deal with these institutions ... and is pushing a tremendous amount of business to foreign banks and lenders,” he wrote. A financial disclosure statement released last month showed that Trump owed at least $130 million to a U.S. unit of Germany’s Deutsche Bank, a sizable share of his total debts of at least $315 million as of mid-2017. Trump has not released his complete income tax returns, which would give a clearer view of his debts to foreign lenders. Amid a public debate on whether the president could be influenced by his debts to foreigners, Trump’s lawyers said in May he does not owe money to Russian lenders. JPMorgan and Bank of America declined to comment. Snow also declined to comment. The United States had about 9,000 federally insured banks in 2004. That number was down by about half from 1984, due in part to aggressive buyout activity. By 2017, the number of U.S. banks was down further, to about 6,000, while the share of assets managed by smaller community banks had fallen to 13 percent from 38 percent in 1984.        Before becoming president, Trump had a contentious relationship with commercial banks after a slump in his casino business. In 1990 he owed a combined $4 billion to scores of banks, according to a lawyer whose team led negotiations between Trump and 72 banks to restructure Trump’s loans.  The Trump Taj Mahal declared bankruptcy in 1991 and some of Trump’s lenders vowed never to work with him again after failing to recover 100 percent of what they were owed.  But by 2004, Trump was back on the upswing. His television show “The Apprentice” premiered the month before he sent the letter to Snow. In a hand-written postscript to the letter, Trump wrote: “P.S. I MET YOUR SON IN FLORIDA - HE IS GREAT.” ",1
2469,"House of Representatives boosts military spending, gives Trump border wall money","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday approved a $68 billion increase in military spending next year with legislation that also provides money to start construction of President Donald Trump’s Mexican border wall. The bill increased spending on the U.S. capability to defend itself from foreign missile attacks amid growing concerns about North Korea’s increasing capacity to hit the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile after it successfully tested an intercontinental ballistic missile in July. The money for the wall is dwarfed by the $658.1 billion the bill would provide for the Defense Department, an increase of $68.1 billion above the fiscal year 2017 enacted level and $18.4 billion above Trump’s budget request.      The House voted 235-192 for the fiscal 2018 spending bill that would provide $1.6 billion for initial construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, which was a centerpiece of Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign. Democrats repeatedly have referred to any money for the wall as a “poison pill” and are likely to try to kill it in the Senate. Congress is up against an Oct. 1 deadline - the start of a new fiscal year - for either passing spending bills or temporarily extending funding at current-year levels to give negotiators more time to come to agreements. Funding for the wall was tucked into a wide-ranging national security appropriations bill at the last minute by Republican leadership, knowing that many House members who oppose the wall would not sink defense spending with a “no” vote. Trump has argued that a “big beautiful wall” was needed along the entire southwestern U.S. border and that Mexico would ultimately pay for its construction. Mexico has flatly refused to pay and in recent weeks Trump indicated that there could be portions of the border that are not conducive to a wall. Democrats and many Republicans in Congress have questioned the feasibility and effectiveness of a border wall, with immigration advocacy groups arguing that it would not stem the flow of illegal border crossings and would hurt U.S.-Mexico relations. In interviews in recent weeks with more than a half-dozen Republican senators from states that voted for Trump for president last November, only Ted Cruz of Texas embraced building the wall. Similarly, House Republicans representing districts along the U.S.-Mexico border have expressed opposition to the barrier, which could end up costing well over $21 billion. Representative Nita Lowey, the senior Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, called the wall a “waste ... that experts confirm is unneeded and ineffective and cuts against our values as Americans.” Furthermore, Lowey noted that Pentagon funding would run into a technical problem as it breaches a cap on defense spending by $72 billion. If the bill became law, she said, it actually would “trigger across-the-board cuts of 13 percent to every defense account” in order to stay within the cap.      The beefed up defense spending would allow the Pentagon to continue military activities in Iraq, Afghanistan and other trouble spots and hire more troops while providing soldiers with a 2.4 percent pay raise. It also would allow the Pentagon to undertake a shopping spree with money to buy ships and submarines, aircraft, tanks and other big-ticket items.   The House-passed bill also includes an increase for America’s nuclear weapons stockpile managed by the Department of Energy, as well as for U.S. Capitol Police following a June 14 shooting that gravely wounded Republican Representative Steve Scalise.       A $825 million increase for the Missile Defense Agency to more than $8.6 billion is more than Trump asked for and includes additional boosters and missile silos for the main system that would defend against an ICBM attack, a program run by Boeing Co.  Missile defense would also gain 14 more THAAD interceptors made by Lockheed Martin Co. ",1
2470,Federal Reserve nominee Quarles pledges more transparency on bank stress tests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Randal Quarles, U.S. President Donald Trump’s pick for banking oversight at the Federal Reserve, told lawmakers on Thursday he would ensure more transparency around how the central bank scrutinizes major lenders’ preparedness for crisis in its annual stress tests. “I do think the Fed can look at being more transparent about those activities and do it in a way that doesn’t reduce the effectiveness of those tests,” Quarles told a confirmation hearing at the Senate banking committee. “If you are clear about what you expect you will get more compliance.”  Quarles, a former Wall Street lawyer and U.S. Treasury official, is expected to be confirmed as vice chairman for supervision at the Federal Reserve, a post that will be key to Trump’s plan to loosen the leash put on big banks following the 2008 financial crisis. Viewed as an industry-friendly figure who has spoken out in the past against breaking up big banks, Quarles said he would work to simplify the Volcker rule, which bans banks from making speculative bets with their own money. Wall Street has criticized the rule as unworkable, arguing it was impossible for banks to determine when a trade is purely for profit as opposed to creating market liquidity. Quarles told senators that he agreed with former Fed governor Daniel Tarullo, who effectively ran banking supervision until he stepped down in February, that some changes to the existing financial rules were needed, including raising the threshold at which banks are labeled “systematically important” and the level at which stress tests kick in. If confirmed, Quarles will also vote on monetary policy as a member of the Fed’s board of governors. A previous proponent of using the Taylor Rule, an interest rate forecasting model, to guide interest rate decisions, he told the committee he no longer held that view, putting him in back in line with the central bank’s current policymakers. “I think that the Taylor rule is merely one example of a rule and I am not advocating the adoption of the Taylor rule to guide Fed policy,” he said. Quarles was appearing in front of the committee with Joseph Otting, the nominee to be Comptroller of the Currency, which regulates national banks. Opposition senators attacked both men’s record in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Otting was a former chief executive of One West, a Californian lender that foreclosed on 36,000 homes after striking a lucrative deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Quarles meanwhile, benefited from government support for troubled and failed banks when he worked at private equity firm Carlyle. “Mr. Otting’s bank made money by kicking seniors out of their homes and then turned around and said the government made them do it,” said Democratic Senator Sherrod Brown. “Mr. Quarles bemoaned the role of the government as a player in the financial sector rather than as a referee. Those sentiments would ring a little less hollow had their banks not accepted $2.5 billion from FDIC to protect them from losses.” Given that current Senate rules require only a slim majority to approve presidential nominees, neither is expected to face a realistic threat to their confirmation. A spokeswoman for the Senate Banking Committee has declined to comment on how quickly the panel could vote on the pair, but Senate Republicans agreed to stay in session two additional weeks in August with an eye toward working through a backlog of nominees. ",1
2471,Senate to vote on Russia sanctions bill later on Thursday,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate will vote on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea later on Thursday, Senator Mike Enzi said in remarks on the Senate floor. The measure has already passed the House of Representatives by a 419-3 vote. It is also expected to garner very strong support in the Senate, despite concerns about it from President Donald Trump. ",1
2472,Attorney General Sessions to unveil leak probes soon: reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions plans to announce soon several criminal investigations into intelligence leaks, news outlets reported on Wednesday, as the country’s top law enforcement official faced mounting criticism from President Donald Trump. The announcement has “been in the works for some time and will most likely happen sometime in the next week,” Fox News reported, citing an unnamed U.S. official. The Washington Post also reported the planned announcement, citing multiple unnamed officials. The investigations will look at news stories that publicized sensitive intelligence material, according to the reports. Officials at the U.S. Justice Department did not respond to a request for comment. On Tuesday, Trump tweeted that Sessions has not aggressively pursued people who leaked intelligence secrets during his time in office, one of a series of criticisms apparently aimed at pushing the former Republican Alabama senator to step down. Trump also said again that he was frustrated that Sessions had recused himself from a federal investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia, but stopped short of saying whether he would fire him. Top Republican lawmakers have rallied to Sessions’ defense as allies of the attorney general said Trump appeared to be trying to pressure him to quit by repeatedly criticizing him on Twitter and in interviews. The latest apparent leak involved Sessions himself. On Friday, the Washington Post reported that Russia’s ambassador to Washington was overheard via surveillance by U.S. spy agencies telling his bosses that he had discussed campaign-related matters, including issues important to Moscow, with Sessions during the 2016 presidential race. The newspaper cited current and former U.S. officials familiar with U.S. intelligence intercepts. Earlier this month, a report written by Republican members of the Senate’s homeland security panel said the Trump administration faced an “alarming” amount of media leaks that posed potential danger to national security and urged law enforcement officials to step up their investigations.  Separately, Trump’s new communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, told Fox News on Wednesday he expected Trump would soon announce a plan to stem leaks, adding that there seemed to be some “political holdovers from the Obama administration that are not helping.” Scaramucci said he recognized it was “impossible” to eliminate leaks in Washington but added: “We’re going to try and hit a cultural reset on these leaks not only here in the White House, but I’m going to be working with the agencies and the departments to do that.” “Now one of the big problems here that I’m discovering in the (communications) team is that senior people are really the guys doing the leaking and they ask junior people to leak for them,” Scaramucci told Fox News in a separate interview later on Wednesday. On Tuesday, he told reporters on Air Force One after Trump’s trip to Ohio that he would probably restructure the communications operation at the White House and fire staff if leaks did not cease: “If the leaks continue, then I’ve got to let everybody go.”  Scaramucci said there were no immediate plans to fire anyone else following the resignation of senior assistant press secretary Michael Short earlier on Tuesday. Leaks of classified intelligence that endanger national security have customarily prompted investigations, including by the administration of President Barack Obama, Trump’s predecessor. ",1
2473,Trump criticism prompts questions over Attorney General's future,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump further stoked speculation about the fate of his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, on Wednesday by assailing him in a fresh round of tweets even as Sessions was attending meetings at the White House. On Tuesday, Trump took to Twitter to call Sessions “very weak,” prompting questions about whether Sessions, one of Trump’s earliest and most vocal supporters during his 2016 presidential campaign, would be forced out. On Wednesday, Sessions entered and left the White House  without speaking to the president and with his status unchanged, while conservative lawmakers in Congress rallied around Sessions, a former senator. A source close to Sessions said he has a “spine of steel” and plans on remaining in office until he is fired or asked to resign. Trump has kept Sessions at a distance, the source said. The two rarely speak and Sessions has been kept out of meetings.  Trump has said he is frustrated that Sessions recused himself from a federal investigation into possible collusion between Trump’s election campaign and Russia and said he would not have appointed him had he known he would do so. At a White House press briefing, spokeswoman Sarah Sanders did not address Sessions’ job security, but said that Trump and Sessions had not spoken this week. “You can be disappointed in someone but still want them to continue to do their job,” Sanders said. “The president wants the attorney general to focus on his duties as attorney general.” In a pair of morning tweets, Trump said Sessions should have named a replacement for Andrew McCabe, the acting director of the FBI. Trump has accused McCabe of having ties to his former presidential rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton. The FBI has defended McCabe, saying he did not have conflicts of interests. Trump has since nominated Christopher Wray to be the FBI director. Wray is waiting to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate.  At a news conference on Tuesday, Trump said he was “very disappointed” with Sessions. Asked whether Sessions would remain in the cabinet, Trump said, “Time will tell.”     But Republicans on Capitol Hill and conservative groups have stood by the attorney general.  Senator Lindsey Graham said Trump was acting weak by not following through and firing Sessions. “I would fire somebody I did not believe could serve me well rather than trying to humiliate them in public - which is a sign of weakness,” Graham tweeted on Wednesday.  Earlier, Graham had praised Sessions as a “rock-solid conservative” who “believes in the rule of law.” Sessions “is working to keep our streets safe, secure our borders, and enforce our immigration laws, and protect our nation,” Senator Tom Cotton said in a statement. Sessions’ hardline stance on immigration endears him to conservatives. On Tuesday, the Justice Department said it would now withhold grant money from so-called “sanctuary cities” - communities that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.  That move earned Sessions praise from NumbersUSA, a group that advocates limits on immigration. ",1
2474,"Republicans kill border tax, focus on corporate rate cuts","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A proposed border tax in the House of Representatives was killed on Thursday, bringing relief to retailers and other large importers whose profits faced threats and removing a hurdle that had kept negotiations on the long-promised Republican overhaul of the U.S. tax code from advancing. The border adjustment tax was part of a broad reform of the tax code being pushed by House Republican leaders. It was meant to discourage companies from manufacturing products overseas and then importing them into the United States for sale instead of producing goods in the U.S.  The tax would have generated roughly $1 trillion in revenue, allowing tax-code writers to slash the corporate tax rate without increasing the nation’s deficit. Removing the controversial provision could make it easier to pass tax legislation, but likely narrows the scope of what could become law. It suggests Republicans are more likely to implement simple rate cuts and not accomplish sweeping tax reform on the scale of the last major overhaul in 1986, such as moving to a territorial tax system, in which companies would pay tax only on profits earned in the United States. Without a new source of revenue, it will make it more difficult for Republicans to make tax code changes permanent and deficit-neutral. The Republicans are looking to use rules that would require passage of a tax bill only with a simple majority - meaning they would not need any Democratic votes. Those rules restrict creating long-term deficits, so if the bill is not deficit-neutral the tax cuts would likely carry an expiration date. The group of six Republican negotiators working on tax reform on Thursday did not announce any agreement on their target for corporate rate cuts - a signal that tax lobbyists said shows continuing divisions among Republicans about the closely watched rate.  Corporate profits are currently taxed at 35 percent, but President Donald Trump wants them slashed to 15 percent, which he says will promote business spending, economic growth and job creation.      “While we have debated the pro-growth benefits of border adjustability, we appreciate that there are many unknowns associated with it and have decided to set this policy aside in order to advance tax reform,” the “Big Six” Republican tax negotiators said in a joint statement. Large retailers and other importers had lobbied aggressively against the border tax proposal, including a coalition that included automakers like Toyota (7203.T) and stores like Target (TGT.N), Autozone (AZO.N) and Best Buy (BBY.N). The retailers argued that the border tax would drastically increase consumer prices, hitting low- and middle-class households the most. The Big Six is comprised of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, the head of the National Economic Council - both representing Trump - House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the heads of the two tax-writing committees in Congress, Senator Orrin Hatch and Representative Kevin Brady. In addition to killing the border tax, the group offered other vague goals but no details, saying they remain committed to increased expensing for corporations, or allowing them to write off the cost of new equipment more quickly, and to return profits held by American companies overseas, known as repatriation, at a lower tax rate than the current 35 percent. The statement offered no specific goals or targets on the personal income tax code. “We have always been in agreement that tax relief for American families should be at the heart of our plan,” the Big Six said. Trump has vowed to finish a tax overhaul by the end of this year. Republicans leaders in Congress are hopeful that the current debate on repealing and replacing Obamacare, which is now before the Senate, can be completed quickly, allowing Congress to then turn its attention to the tax code. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce praised the announcement as progress toward an ultimate goal of overhauling the code.  “We’re pleased, but we’re not satisfied until we get an outcome,” said Neil Bradley, the head of policy for the business group. ",1
2475,Army chief had no advance knowledge of Trump's transgender ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief of staff of the U.S. Army, General Mark Milley, said on Thursday he had no advance knowledge of President Donald Trump’s decision to ban transgender individuals from the military before his announcement via Twitter on Wednesday, but added that was not unusual. “I personally did not, but nor would I have expected to,” Milley said. ",1
2476,"U.S. Senator expands opioid probe to distributors, drugmakers","(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill on Thursday expanded an investigation into the causes of the opioid crisis plaguing the country, seeking information from four more drugmakers and three drug distributors. The top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee is focusing on the distribution of opioids and the efforts companies made to report and investigate the diversion of drugs for illicit use. The investigation comes at a time when lawmakers and regulators take steps to combat the epidemic of opioid addiction, with 91 Americans dying everyday as a result of overdose, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.      McCaskill requested for documents and information from opioid manufacturers Mallinckrodt Plc, Endo International Plc, Teva Pharmaceutical and Allergan Plc. In March, McCaskill asked Johnson & Johnson, Mylan NV, Purdue Pharma, Insys Therapeutics Inc and Depomed Inc for internal estimates of the risk of abuse, addiction and overdose of opioids. The senator also sent a request to McKesson Corp, AmerisourceBergen Corp and Cardinal Health Inc, focusing on their distribution of opioid products.  McCaskill also requested for information on compensation provided that is in any way derived from revenue or profitability targets for sales of opioid products. “We appreciate Senator McCaskill’s inquiry and look forward to thoughtfully answering her questions,” a McKesson spokeswoman said in an email, adding that there was no link between the sale of controlled substances and incentive compensation for the company’s executives.      AmerisourceBergen said it would respond to the letter from the Senator, adding it provides daily reports to the regulators about the quantity, type and receiving pharmacy of every single order of controlled substances it distributes. Endo said it received the letter and would provide the Senator with the requested information. Allergan said it is working with the Senator’s office to provide the requested information. The company also said its two branded opioid products – Norco and Kadian – account for 0.1 percent or less of all opioids prescribed in the United States. Israel-based Teva in an email said it is committed to the “appropriate use of opioids and responsible pain management”. Mallinckrodt confirmed receipt of Senator McCaskill’s request for information, adding it has previously met with and provided information to her staff and would continue working with her office. The company noted it manufactures “only generic and non-promoted branded opioids”. Cardinal Health declined to comment. ",1
2477,Boy Scouts of America apologizes for Trump's 'political rhetoric',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The head of the Boy Scouts of America apologized to members of the youth organization on Thursday for the “political rhetoric that was inserted” into its national gathering this week by U.S. President Donald Trump. “I want to extend my sincere apologies to those in our Scouting family who were offended by the political rhetoric that was inserted into the jamboree,” Michael Surbaugh wrote in an open letter published on the Scouts’ website. “That was never our intent.” He said that every U.S. president, who serves as the Scouts’ honorary president, has been invited to speak at the national jamborees held every four years since 1937, but that the Scouts were nonetheless “steadfastly” non-partisan.  “We sincerely regret that politics were inserted into the Scouting program,” Surbaugh wrote. He said there were 40,000 participants, including Boy Scouts, volunteers, staff and visitors. Trump, a Republican, started his speech before thousands of boys aged 12 to 18 in a West Virginia field on Monday evening lauding hard work and perseverance, then quickly turned to partisan attacks and ridicule of “fake media”. He attacked Democratic rivals, lambasted the current healthcare law and reminisced about a cocktail party he went to decades ago filled with “the hottest people in New York.” Trump’s speech drew intense criticism from former Scouts, parents of Scouts and others, with many saying the speech was not in keeping with Scout values and inappropriate. While many Scouting families expressed outrage, a few said the reaction was overblown, arguing that exposure to political speech in all forms was an important part of a Scout’s development. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said she had not seen Surbaugh’s letter of apology, and said she attended the event. “I saw nothing but roughly 40,000 to 45,000 Boy Scouts cheering the president on throughout his remarks and I think they were pretty excited that he was there,” Sanders said. ",1
2478,"'What Happened': Clinton memoir looks at 2016 election, Russia, sexism","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton’s memoir about her failed attempt to win last year’s U.S. presidential election will be called “What Happened,” a declaration rather than a question, her publisher said in the run-up to its September 12 release.  Among the things the Democratic nominee will say happened are sexism against the first woman to be the presidential candidate for a major U.S. party and “an unprecedented assault on our democracy by a foreign adversary,” according to  publicity material from the publisher, Simon and Schuster.  Staff in Clinton’s campaign and at Democratic party headquarters saw thousands of their internal emails stolen and published online last year. U.S. intelligence agencies have said that Russian intelligence agencies stole the emails as part of an effort by Russian President Vladimir Putin to foil Clinton’s chances of becoming president.  Putin has denied the charges, and U.S. President Donald Trump has expressed doubt about the conclusion of intelligence agencies he oversees. In a tweet on Thursday, Clinton said, “Writing ‘What Happened’ was hard, so is what we see every day. As we move forward & fight back, I hope this helps.”  Clinton has at times faced intense scrutiny by the media and political opponents for more than 25 years since her husband, Bill Clinton, successfully sought the U.S. presidency in 1992. “In the past, for reasons I try to explain, I’ve often felt I had to be careful in public, like I was up on a wire without a net,” Clinton wrote in the book’s introduction. “Now I’m letting my guard down.”  Despite polls showing the former secretary of state was expected to triumph in the election last November, Clinton won only 227 electoral college votes to Trump’s 304. She won the popular vote by about 2.9 million votes. Since then, she has made a handful of speeches and public appearances while working on the book. In April, she told the Women in the World Summit in New York City that she had no intention of running for another public office and that she was writing a book that, in part, delves into what derailed her attempt to become America’s first woman president. “For people who are interested in this, the nearly 66 million people who voted for me, I want to give as clear and as credible an explanation as I can,” she said. Clinton has also faulted the manner in which the Federal Bureau of Investigation, under director James Comey, investigated how she managed her email, some of which involved classified information, when she was secretary of state.  Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader, told the Washington Post last week, “When you lose to somebody who has 40 percent popularity, you don’t blame other things — Comey, Russia— you blame yourself.”  Clinton and Trump were the most unpopular U.S. presidential candidates in modern polling history. ",1
2479,Trump's 'America First' push not protectionist: UPS CEO,"SEATTLE (Reuters) - Republican U.S. President Donald Trump’s efforts to renegotiate or scrap longstanding global trade deals are not protectionist and are more focused on winning better terms for American businesses, the top executive of United Parcel Service (UPS.N) said on Thursday. “I have to tell you, we don’t consider what we are hearing from the president as protectionist,” Chief Executive Officer David Abney told Reuters in a phone interview after the world’s largest package delivery company reported a higher-than-expected second-quarter net profit. “Protectionist would be ‘we don’t want trade agreements’ and just try to protect the U.S. in that regard,” he added. “It’s much more about having more favorable terms than it is about protectionism.” Abney’s remarks come as the Trump administration nears the August 16 start of talks with Mexico and Canada to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Trump has repeatedly called the 1994 trade treaty a “disaster” that has shuttered U.S. factories and sent American jobs to Mexico. UPS has been expanding its services into Mexico. Ahead of NAFTA negotiations, Abney said UPS has told the Trump administration it wants to “take friction” out of border crossings to speed them up and modernize the agreement with language about ecommerce. “I’d be more worried if there were no changes to the deal,” he said, adding that NAFTA needs to be modernized. “We believe that we’ve been listened to.”  In a conference call with analysts earlier on Thursday, Abney praised a free trade pact Japan and the European Union concluded in early July creating the world’s biggest open economic area. The CEO also reiterated UPS’ previous strong support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and a desire to see the U.S. enter into trade agreements with its member countries.  The Japan-EU trade deal was interpreted as signaling resistance to what many world leaders see protectionism by Trump. On the campaign trail and in the White House, Trump has championed “America First” policy positions on trade, promising new or revised deals to boost American manufacturing.  In January, shortly after taking office, Trump formally withdrew America from the TPP. The 12-nation trade deal was negotiated by former Democratic President Barack Obama’s administration. UPS on Thursday reported a higher-than-expected quarterly net profit due to rising ecommerce deliveries even as investors worried about the company’s performance in the back-half of the year and shares fell 4.6 percent.    ",1
2480,White House says making 'a lot of progress' on tax reform,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday a lot of progress was being made on tax reform after the “Big Six” Republican tax negotiators made up of administration officials and congressional leaders issued a statement on preparations for a tax reform bill. “We’re making a lot of progress on this front,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said at a news briefing. She singled out “simplification,” relief for the middle class and dropping the proposal for a border adjustment tax. ",1
2481,Middle East adviser departs Trump's National Security Council,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top adviser on Middle East issues to U.S. President Donald Trump left the National Security Council on Thursday as the White House grapples with internal divisions as well as major policy issues involving Syria, Iran and Iraq. The Weekly Standard magazine was first to report the departure of Derek Harvey, a retired Army colonel and intelligence officer who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. The magazine said Harvey was fired. Michael Anton, a spokesman for NSC Director H.R. McMaster, confirmed Harvey’s departure. “General McMaster greatly appreciates Derek Harvey’s service to his country as a career Army officer, where he served his country bravely in the field and played a crucial role in the successful surge in Iraq, and also for his service on Capitol Hill and in the Trump administration,” Anton said. “The administration is working with Colonel Harvey to identify positions in which his background and expertise can be best utilized,” Anton said in a statement, providing no further details. In a separate statement, Harvey said he left the NSC to “take advantage of a new opportunity to continue serving” Trump, but he did not indicate that he was offered any particular post. Harvey praised the top administration officials and the NSC staffers with whom he worked, and added that he looked “forward to shouldering greater responsibilities in support of the president.” ",1
2482,House panel approves legislation to speed deployment of self-driving cars,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An influential U.S. House committee on Thursday approved a revised bipartisan bill on a 54-0 vote that would speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. The bill would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year, a cap that would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually over three years.  Automakers and technology companies believe chances are good Congress will approve legislation before year end. They have been pushing for regulations making it easier to deploy self-driving technology, while consumer groups have sought more safeguards. Current federal rules bar self-driving cars without human controls on U.S. roads and automakers think proposed state rules in California are too restrictive.  The measure, the first significant federal legislation aimed at speeding self-driving cars to market, would require automakers to submit safety assessment reports to regulators, but would not require pre-market approval of advanced vehicle technologies. The House of Representatives will take up the bill when it reconvenes in September, while senators plan to introduce a separate similar measure. “Our aim was to develop a regulatory structure that allows for industry to safely innovate with significant government oversight,” said Representative Greg Walden, who chairs the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Initially, authors proposed to allow automakers and others to sell up to 100,000 vehicles immediately. Representative Frank Pallone said the phase-in period was essential so “millions of exempted cars will not hit our roads all at once.” Manufacturers must demonstrate self-driving cars winning exemptions are at least as safe as existing vehicles. Under the House proposal, states could still set rules on registration, licensing, liability, insurance and safety inspections, but could not set self-driving car performance standards. Automakers praised committee passage, while Consumer Watchdog privacy director John Simpson said preempting state laws “leaves us at the mercy of manufacturers as they use our public highways as their private laboratories.” General Motors Co (GM.N), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and others have been lobbying for legislation to speed deployment of self-driving cars. Consumer advocates want more changes, including giving the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration quicker access to crash data and more funding to oversee self-driving cars. The issue has taken on new urgency since U.S. road deaths rose 7.7 percent in 2015, the highest annual jump since 1966. Automakers say that without changes in regulations, U.S. self-driving car testing could move to Europe and elsewhere. ",1
2483,Trump administration may seek NAFTA currency provision - Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday the Trump administration may seek a provision to deter currency manipulation in the North American Free Trade Agreement as part of its planning for future free trade deals. Mnuchin, testifying before the House Financial Services Committee, said that currency manipulation by U.S. trading partners needs to be met with an impact, “and not just talk.” He said that a proposal from the Peterson Institute for International Economics for the Treasury to engage in countervailing currency interventions — essentially buying the currency of a country that is deliberately trying to suppress it  — could be one of many such possibilities. But Mnuchin added that the scale of such operations could be prohibitively large.   ",1
2484,CFTC commissioner nominees pledge to complete position limit rules,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of President Donald Trump’s nominees to serve as commissioners on Wall Street’s top derivatives regulatory agency on Thursday pledged to work to complete rules that would restrict trading by market speculators who bet on the rise and fall of prices. The nominees to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Republicans Dawn Stump and Brian Quintenz, and Democrat Rostin “Russ” Behnam, told the Senate Agriculture Committee during their confirmation hearing that they are committed to working to craft a final “position limits” rule that would limit speculators without harming farmers, ranchers and others who rely on futures markets to hedge their business risks. “I look forward to helping... finalize this rule,” said Stump, adding that she will work to ensure that the strategies agricultural businesses use to hedge “are not prevented in the future due to unworkable bonifide hedging restrictions.” Bonham said: “The relevant question is not whether or not position limits should be completed, but how they should be completed.”  The CFTC won broad new powers under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform to police the massive over-the-counter derivatives markets.  The agency has largely implemented the bulk of the rules, which required many kinds of derivatives to be cleared centrally to reduce the risk of default and traded on platforms with greater price transparency. The CFTC is primarily focused on reviewing more carefully how the rules are working and whether certain rules should be tweaked to reduce burdens.  Acting CFTC Chairman Chris Giancarlo, who is awaiting Senate confirmation as permanent chairman, earlier this year launched a review that aims to streamline and simplify existing regulations.  However, there are still a number of outstanding rules that need to be completed, with the position limits rule one of the most notable. Although there has generally been considerable tension between Democrats and Republicans over Trump’s nominees to various positions since January, there was no such divisiveness on display Thursday. Both Senate Agriculture Chairman Pat Roberts and Ranking Member Debbie Stabenow signaled they intend to support the nominations of all three. ",1
2485,California deputy attorney general charged with child porn,"(Reuters) - A California deputy attorney general has been charged with possessing child pornography at his San Diego County home following a months-long investigation, according to court records and local media.  Raymond Liddy, 53, was arrested at his home in the resort city of Coronado, California, on Tuesday and accused of owning images that appeared to depict minors under age 12 engaging in sexual acts, court records showed.  The San Diego Union-Tribune, which first reported the case, said Liddy pleaded not guilty on Wednesday in federal court for the Southern District of California, and that he was placed on administrative leave by the attorney general’s office. An attorney for Liddy and a representative of the attorney general’s office did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Thursday. Court records showed Judge Jan Adler released Liddy on a $100,000 bond and sentenced him to house arrest. The investigation began in January after the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children received tips from an unnamed electronic service provider that a user had allegedly uploaded images of child pornography, court documents said.  Helped by the San Diego Internet Crimes Against Children multi-agency task force and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, officials said they identified Liddy as the suspect in June. The deputy attorney general, who portrayed himself online as a 48-year-old married man with children, told investigators who visited him in July that he would talk about “sexual fantasies” with individuals on the internet, and that he often saved sexual images, according to court records. He told investigators he deleted those images afterward, but may also have forwarded some, court records showed. Numerous images depicting minors engaged in sexual acts were found on a computer and a thumb drive at his home, the records showed. Liddy is due back in court for a preliminary hearing Aug 8. ",1
2486,"Factbox: Trump on Twitter (July 27) - NY Times, Republican Senators, Healthcare","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends “....the most powerful T.V. show in America.” [0648 EDT] - Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don’t let the American people down! [0724 EDT] - “One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information..... [0935 EDT] - ...about then candidate Trump.” Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn’t Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting. [0945 EDT] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
2487,U.S. lawmakers reach deal for Senate Russia sanctions vote,"WASHINGTON/MOSCOW/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers reached an agreement on Wednesday paving the way for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on Russia and bar President Donald Trump from easing sanctions on Moscow without Congress’ approval. Earlier on Wednesday, Russia warned it was edging closer to retaliation against Washington after the House of Representatives backed new U.S. sanctions on Moscow, while the European Union said the move  might affect its energy security and it stood ready to act too. “I am glad to announce that we have reached an agreement that will allow us to send sanctions legislation to the president’s desk,” Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said in a statement on Wednesday evening. He said the Senate would move to approve sanctions on Russia and Iran that it originally passed in mid-June, as well as sanctions on North Korea developed by the House of Representatives and included in a bill the House passed overwhelmingly on Wednesday. Before the latest agreement, some senators had objected to the North Korea measures and it had looked like the sanctions bill, already delayed since mid-June, could languish into September. If the bill passes the Senate as expected, it would be sent to the White House for Trump to sign into law or veto. It is, however, expected to garner enough support to override a Trump veto. The House voted 419-3 on Tuesday to impose new sanctions on Moscow and force Trump to obtain lawmakers’ approval before easing any punitive measures on Russia. “This is rather sad news from the point of view of Russia-U.S. ties,” said Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman. “We are talking about an extremely unfriendly act.” He said President Vladimir Putin would decide if and how Moscow would retaliate once the sanctions became law. Russia’s deputy foreign minister warned the move was taking bilateral relations into uncharted waters, killing off hopes of improving them in the near future. Trump, whose presidency has been embroiled in a distracting dispute over his associates’ alleged ties to Moscow, is on the defensive over accusations Russia helped elect him last year. He has said he wants to mend relations with Russia that are languishing at a post-Cold War low. Trump had denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and Russia. Most White House watchers believe Trump will reluctantly sign off on the new sanctions, given deep support for them among U.S. lawmakers and his desire to avoid being accused of being soft on Moscow. Representative Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said Trump would have little choice. The Senate passed a version of the legislation, without the North Korea sanctions, on June 15 by 98-2.  “I think the president will sign it,” Royce said on NBC’s Meet the Press Daily on Wednesday. The issue has rattled Russia, which fears that its economy, weakened by 2014 Western sanctions imposed over its role in the Ukraine crisis, will now find it harder to recover and grow. Foreign investors could be scared off. The European Union frets that new U.S. restrictions could pose obstacles to its companies doing business with Russia and threaten the bloc’s energy supply lines. The Kremlin’s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election is one reason lawmakers have pushed for the new sanctions. Peskov said Moscow would wait until the sanctions became law before fully analyzing them and deciding how to respond.   Moscow had hoped that Trump, who made upbeat statements about Putin before winning the White House, would work to repair the U.S.-Russia relationship. But it has watched with frustration as the vote-meddling allegations killed off hopes of any detente. The Russian Foreign Ministry said this month that too many American spies were operating in Russia under diplomatic cover and it might expel some to retaliate for the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats last year by then-President Barack Obama’s administration. Many Russian politicians increasingly believe Trump’s political foes and Congress have left the U.S. president with little room for maneuver on Russia and they have nothing to lose by retaliating. In Brussels, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the EU was ready to act “within a matter of days” if it felt the new U.S. sanctions undermined the bloc’s energy security. Brussels fears the new sanctions will damage European firms and oil and gas projects on which the EU is dependent. The Russia section of the bill includes sanctions on a range of industries. Several provisions target Russian energy, with new limits on U.S. investment in Russian companies. U.S. firms also would be barred from participating in energy exploration projects where Russian firms have a stake of 33 percent or higher. The bill includes sanctions on foreign firms investing in or helping Russian energy exploration, although the president could waive those sanctions. The bill would give the Trump administration the option of imposing sanctions on firms helping develop Russian export pipelines, such as the Nord Stream 2 pipeline carrying natural gas to Europe, in which German companies are involved. In a concession to allies, those sanctions are optional, not mandatory. The European Commission said a number of EU concerns had been taken into account in the most recent version of the bill, but said it could lead to sanctions on any company, including European, that worked on Russian energy export pipelines. ",1
2488,Russia risks decades of low growth under U.S. sanctions: Putin adviser,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia risks being saddled with U.S. sanctions for decades, curbing economic growth and preventing it from regaining its status as a leading economic power, an adviser to President Vladimir Putin said in an interview. Alexei Kudrin told Reuters that the current proposed tightening of sanctions in Washington should not have any serious impact. But he called for a major structural reform program after the 2018 presidential election. He said that was the only way for Russia to return to growth of more than 2 percent a year. Putin has not yet said whether he will run for re-election next year, but is widely expected to do so and to win what would be a fourth term as president. Putin has tasked Kudrin, who has known Putin since they worked together in the St Petersburg Mayor’s Office in the 1990s, with devising a strategy to lift Russian economic growth after 2018. Whereas Putin oversaw several years of growth in excess of 5 percent in his early presidential terms, the Russian economy suffered two years of contraction in 2015 and 2016 and is forecast to grow by a little over 1 percent this year. In May GDP rose by 3.1 percent year on year, but that pace is not expected to last. The slowdown has put Putin under pressure. U.S. lawmakers earlier this week voted to impose new sanctions on Russia — on top of earlier penalties over its role in the Ukraine conflict — and Kudrin said the mood in Washington meant it would be difficult for U.S. President Donald Trump to ease sanctions in future. “In its current form the tightening of sanctions under discussion wouldn’t seriously affect the Russian economy, there aren’t serious changes with the version that exists. But the hope that sanctions would be canceled in the coming years has now faded,” Kudrin said. “We are likely to end up with the story with the old Jackson-Vanik amendment — even when all the conditions had already changed, they couldn’t cancel it,” he said. Jackson-Vanik, a 1974 provision to a U.S. federal law that punished former Communist bloc countries for restricting human rights, was only repealed in 2012 under previous U.S. President Barack Obama. It was a major sticking point in relations between Moscow and Washington. Trump was widely perceived to be the Kremlin’s favored candidate in last year’s U.S. presidential race, and his White House victory raised hopes in Moscow that sanctions could be relaxed as early as this year. But Trump’s administration has since become bogged down in investigations into possible ties between his campaign and Russia. Trump has said his campaign did not collude with Russia, which flatly denies allegations it meddled in the U.S. vote. Kudrin, who served as finance minister from 2000 to 2011, won praise from foreign investors for building up Russia’s formidable fiscal buffers during an era of high oil prices. He  was one of relatively few liberal voices among top officials. He now heads the Centre for Strategic Research, an analytical group founded on Putin’s initiative to draft policy ideas. Kudrin said Western sanctions in their current configuration were knocking off around 0.5 percent from Russian gross domestic product, down from 1 percent in the year after they were introduced in 2014. Russia had a “window of opportunity” after the 2018 election in which to enact meaningful reforms to counteract the effects of sanctions, he said. But for now a populist camp around Putin appeared to have the upper hand over those calling for reform. “To what extent the president will use that [window], we don’t know,” Kudrin said. “After previous elections that window for reforms wasn’t used.” Among the reforms Kudrin is calling for are greater public control over law enforcement officials, raising the retirement age, reducing government stakes in large companies, and improving revenue collection from the shadow economy. He said he thought the state should sell government stakes in Russian oil companies in stages over the next six to 10 years, and that it could sell a portion of its majority holding in the country’s largest bank Sberbank in the same time period. With such reforms, Kudrin said Russia could increase its economic growth rate to 3-4 percent in five to six years, even with sanctions staying in place. Without reforms, Russia will not notice the damage from sanctions before it is too late, he said. “In the next six to seven years we could not notice the decline in the areas of productivity and technological development. In the end we will see it, because others will grow faster, but by then it will be difficult to change something.” ",1
2489,"Trump to ban transgender U.S. military personnel, reversing Obama","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would ban transgender people from the U.S. military, a move appealing to some in his conservative political base but creating uncertainty about the fate of thousands of transgender service members. The surprise announcement by Trump, who as a presidential candidate last year vowed to fight for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people, came in a series of morning Twitter posts. It drew condemnation from rights groups and some lawmakers in both parties as politically motivated discrimination but was praised by conservative activists and some Republicans. The administration has not determined whether transgender individuals already serving in the military would be immediately thrown out, a point the White House and Pentagon have yet to decide, Trump spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said. A transgender ban would reverse Democratic former President Barack Obama’s policy and halts years of efforts to eliminate barriers to military service based on sexual orientation or gender identity. “After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,” Trump tweeted, without naming any of the generals or experts. “Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail,” he said. Sanders said Trump had “extensive discussions with his national security team,” and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was informed after the president made the decision on Tuesday. “This was about military readiness,” Sanders told a briefing. “This was about unit cohesion. This was about resources within the military, and nothing more.” The Pentagon earlier referred questions about Trump’s decision to the White House. Critics said the health costs of caring for transgender service members were a tiny portion of the military’s healthcare budget and Trump’s policy change was based on prejudice. His action unleashed a torrent of legal threats from civil liberties advocates seeking plaintiffs willing to challenge the ban in court and sparked a protest by hundreds who rallied outside an armed forces recruiting station in Manhattan’s Times Square. “We are in a crisis. This is a dark day for everyone,” Brad Hoylman, New York’s sole openly gay state senator, said as he addressed the crowd, which carried “Resist” signs amid chants of: “Hey-hey, ho-ho, Donald Trump has got to go.” Trump’s tweet caught some White House officials by surprise.  A senior administration official said Trump had been determined to act for a while but the question was the timing, with advisers split on whether to conduct reviews before announcing the move. The announcement at least temporarily changed the subject in Washington, where Trump’s administration faces investigations into his presidential campaign’s contacts with Russia and has struggled to win major legislative victories. It was not the first time Trump has targeted transgender people since taking office in January. In February, he rescinded protections for transgender students put in place by Obama that had let them use bathrooms corresponding with their gender identity. Senate Armed Forces Committee Chairman John McCain - the most prominent military veteran in Congress, who was a Navy pilot and prisoner of war during the Vietnam War - called Trump’s announcement unclear and inappropriate until a Pentagon study on the issue is completed and reviewed by Mattis, the military leadership and lawmakers. Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council advocacy group, was among those praising Trump, saying, “Our troops shouldn’t be forced to endure hours of transgender ‘sensitivity’ classes and politically correct distractions.” Under Obama, the Pentagon last year announced it was ending its ban on transgender people serving openly, calling the prohibition outdated. The Defense Department had been expected to begin formally allowing transgender people to enlist this year. But Mattis on June 30 approved a six-month delay in that step. Transgender service members already number about 2,500 active-duty personnel, with about 1,500 more in the military reserves, according to a RAND Corporation think tank study cited last year by Obama’s defense secretary, Ash Carter. “To choose service members on other grounds than military qualifications is social policy and has no place in our military,” Carter said on Wednesday, noting the existing ranks of transgender individuals serving “capably and honorably.” Advocacy groups said Trump’s policy was open to legal challenge under the U.S. Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection under the law. American Civil Liberties Union attorney Joshua Block said Trump had rejected the “basic humanity” of transgender service members. “There are no cost or military readiness drawbacks associated with allowing trans people to fight for their country,” Block said. “The president is trying to score cheap political points on the backs of military personnel who have put their lives on the line for their country.” The House of Representatives’ top Democrat, Nancy Pelosi, noted that a Pentagon-commissioned study determined the cost of providing medically necessary transition-related care involving transgender service members would amount to about one-100th of 1 percent of the military’s healthcare budget.  The study put the cost at $2.4 million to $8.4 million a year of the more than $50 billion the Defense Department spends on healthcare. “Once again, President Trump has shown his conduct is driven not by honor, decency, or national security, but by raw prejudice,” Pelosi said. Retired Colonel Sheri Swokowski, 67, the highest-ranking openly transgender veteran, joined the criticism.  “Transgender people are serving today knowing that their leader frankly doesn’t trust them,” she said. “The bottom line is that this does great harm to people who simply want to serve their country.” U.S. Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a Republican whose son is transgender, said on Twitter: “No American, no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity, should be prohibited from honor + privilege of serving our nation.” Transgender celebrity Caitlyn Jenner defended “patriotic transgender Americans” in the military and asked Trump on Twitter, “What happened to your promise to fight for them?” Canada’s military also took to Twitter on Wednesday to say it welcomes citizens “of all sexual orientations and gender identities,” adding the hashtag #DiversityIsOurStrength. But Vicky Hartzler, a Republican congresswoman, praised Trump for changing Obama’s “costly and damaging policy.” The U.S. military’s ban on gays serving openly in the armed forces ended under Obama in 2011 after Congress passed legislation in 2010 reversing a law dubbed “don’t ask, don’t tell” that had forced the ouster of thousands of service members and others to hide their sexual orientation. The Pentagon under Obama also opened all combat roles in the military to women. The U.S. military at times has been in the vanguard of social progress. Trump’s action came on the 69th anniversary of Democratic President Harry Truman racially integrating the armed forces, years before the 1950s and 1960s civil rights battles. ",1
2490,Senate aims for a 'skinny' Obamacare repeal as other options fail,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senate leaders, struggling to keep a seven-year promise to end Obamacare, turned their focus on Wednesday to passing a slimmed-down “skinny” repeal measure that would throw the issue into negotiations with the House of Representatives. The last-ditch effort came after senators voted 55-45 against a straight repeal of Obamacare, which would have provided for a two-year delay in implementation to give Congress time to work out a replacement. Seven Republicans opposed the measure. It was the Senate’s second failure in 24 hours to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, which expanded health insurance to about 20 million people, many of them low-income. On Tuesday, senators rejected the repeal-and-replace plan Republicans had worked on since May. The failures underscored the party’s deep divisions on the role of government in helping provide access to healthcare as the Senate conducted its second day of a freewheeling debate that could stretch through the week. Republicans said they were still working out what would be in a skinny repeal, which could simply eliminate mandates requiring individuals and employers to obtain or provide health insurance, and abolish a tax on medical device manufacturers. Senator John Thune, the No. 3 Senate Republican, said the party was trying to “figure out what the traffic will bear, in terms of getting 50 of our members to vote for things that will repeal as much of Obamacare as possible.” Republicans hold a 52-48 majority in the Senate. Any Senate legislation would be enough to kick the issue to a special negotiating committee with the House, which passed its own version in May. If that panel can agree on a new bill, the full House and Senate, both controlled by Republicans, would again have to approve the legislation - a process that could last months. “I think people would look at it not necessarily based on its content, but as a forcing mechanism to cause the two sides of the building to try to solve it together,” Republican Senator Bob Corker said. “That’s going to be the last chance.” Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, told reporters there was growing support for a slimmed-down approach that would kick the can to negotiators. “I think there is plenty of agreement,” he said. President Donald Trump has come down hard on his fellow Republicans for failing to act on Obamacare, something he promised repeatedly to repeal and replace in his election campaign last year. Some Senate Republicans were growing uncomfortable with the chaotic debate. “We’ve got to have a more organized process,” Republican Senator Ron Johnson said, noting the skinny repeal would simply delay acting on the core issue. “We just don’t have the courage and really the intestinal fortitude to suck it up and ... do this right.” Late on Wednesday, only 10 senators voted for a largely symbolic amendment stating lawmakers’ commitment to preserve a part of Obamacare that helped states expand the government’s Medicaid insurance program for the poor to cover a wider net of people.  Democrats refused to approve any amendment to a bill they dislike and the vote primarily highlighted deep divisions among Republicans. The amendment was introduced by Senator Dean Heller, who faces a tough re-election fight in Nevada next year, and supported by Senators Susan Collins, John McCain and other party moderates who have expressed skepticism about the repeal-and-replace process. Trump attacked one of those senators, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, by name in an early morning tweet on Wednesday. Murkowski, one of two party members who voted on Tuesday against opening debate on a bill to end Obamacare, told MSNBC she was not worried about the political fallout. “Every day shouldn’t be about winning elections. How about just doing a little bit of governing around here?” she said. Healthcare industry organizations are similarly troubled and have urged a more bipartisan effort. The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, which represents health insurers across the country, said that if the individual mandate is repealed, it must be replaced with incentives for people to buy health insurance and keep it year-round. The mandate is considered critical to helping hold down the cost of premiums, because it means that healthy people as well as the sick, who incur high medical costs, buy insurance. The group also said the government needed to fund subsidies for medical expenses and provide funds to cover high-cost patients. Anthem Inc (ANTM.N), a health insurer with more than 1 million customers in Obamacare individual insurance plans, threatened to further shrink its 2018 market participation because of uncertainty about the government paying for the subsidies that make the plans affordable for millions of Americans. ",1
2491,Trump to nominate Kansas Governor Brownback as religious freedom ambassador,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Republican Kansas Governor Sam Brownback as ambassador at large for international religious freedom, the White House said on Wednesday. Brownback, who previously served in both the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate, would assume the position created in the State Department by the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998, of which he was one of the key sponsors. In 2015, Brownback issued an executive order protecting the religious freedom of clergy and organizations that opposed same-sex marriage as Kansas began to comply with the landmark ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court legalizing gay marriage. “We ... recognize that religious liberty is at the heart of who we are as Kansans and Americans, and should be protected,” Brownback, governor since 2011, said at the time of the order. He was re-elected in 2014 and is not eligible to serve a third consecutive term. ",1
2492,U.S. lawmakers reach deal for Senate vote on Russia sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers reached an agreement on Wednesday that paves the way for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on Russia, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said, despite the objections of President Donald Trump’s administration. Senator Bob Corker, a Republican, said the Senate would move to approve sanctions on Russia and Iran it passed six weeks ago, and North Korea sanctions added to the legislation in the House. The sanctions package passed the House of Representatives by an overwhelming 419-3 on Wednesday and is expected to garner similar support in the Senate. That would easily overcome a veto by Trump.  ",1
2493,Washington refocuses on tax; anti-tax activist sees bill in September,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congressional Republicans are ramping up discussions on overhauling the U.S. tax code that a prominent Republican anti-tax advocate said on Wednesday will produce a bill by September with a hefty corporate tax cut. Grover Norquist, head of the anti-tax Americans for Tax Reform and a lobbyist close to Republican leaders, said a “Big Six” group of Republican tax decision-makers was targeting the end of this month for producing a basic framework for a bill to be introduced in September.  “The House, the White House and the Senate have been meeting for a couple months. They’ll have a package in September,” said Norquist, a conservative tax and small-government activist who has met with Big Six members. The group met on Wednesday evening and two members who emerged 45 minutes later said they were united on tax principles but offered no comment on whether they had agreed to a framework. “We’re all on one page, on one unified page,” White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said.  House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady also told reporters there was unity and to expect a statement in coming days. Central to the discussion is the 35 percent corporate income tax rate, how much it can be cut and whether a cut can be made permanent. The White House wants to slash the rate to 15 percent for seven years, while congressional Republicans are trying to settle on a permanent rate that does not increase the deficit. President Donald Trump and his representatives on the Big Six - Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin - are “really excited about the 15 percent rate” for corporations, Norquist said. The congressional Big Six members are Brady, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch. Norquist has played a key role in tax negotiations in Washington for years.  Trump is insisting on lowering the tax rate for pass-through businesses, now taxed at the top individual tax code rate, to 15 percent, Norquist said. The Big Six agree that Trump’s 15 percent corporate rate cannot be achieved on a permanent basis without adding to the federal deficit, administration officials said.   Such a steep tax rate cut would mean a revenue loss of more than $2 trillion over a decade, independent analysts say.  To solve the deficit issue, the White House is open to making the 15 percent rate temporary, with an expiration in seven years, Norquist said. That would conflict with Republicans in Congress who want a permanent tax overhaul, but it would ensure rates would not have to be renewed during Trump’s presidency. Mnuchin said on Wednesday morning that the administration would be “sensitive to increasing the debt.” “We are very close to releasing a detailed plan and I can assure you that we believe that detailed plan will be responsible on the impact on the economy and the cost to the debt,” he said. Under current law, companies adhere to complex depreciation schedules for how long it takes for equipment to wear out and lose value. Business groups have called for “100 percent expensing,” a policy that would let companies write off the entire price of equipment in the year of purchase. Former President Barack Obama pushed for temporary 100 percent expensing as a economic stimulus to help reverse the recession when he took office.  The White House is considering a three-year window to allow 100 percent expensing, Norquist said. After the three years, the rate would return to 50 percent, which is the current law. ",1
2494,Secretary of State Tillerson says he is 'not going anywhere',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday that he was “not going anywhere,” denying news reports that he was considering leaving his post. “I’m not going anywhere,” Tillerson told reporters at the State Department. Asked how long he would stay on, Tillerson turned and smiled, saying, “As long as the president lets me.” Asked about his relationship with President Donald Trump, Tillerson said simply, “Good.” The speculation over Tillerson’s remaining in Trump’s cabinet came after days of Trump publicly attacking Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Trump said Sessions had “taken a VERY weak position” on investigating his former opponent in the 2016 presidential election, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, over her use of a private email server. On Monday, Trump called Sessions “beleaguered.” ",1
2495,U.S. officials discussing withholding some aid to Egypt over NGO law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials are discussing whether to withhold a portion of U.S. assistance to Egypt to protest Egyptian passage of a law that imposes restrictions on non-governmental organizations, a senior administration official said on Wednesday. Officials have not reached an agreement on whether to proceed with a recommendation to President Donald Trump and his senior leadership, but there is a feeling that some action is necessary in reaction to the move by Egypt, the official told Reuters. U.S. aid to Egypt has long been sacrosanct. Egypt is one of Washington’s closest allies in the Middle East, receiving $1.3 billion in U.S. military aid and about $200 million in economic assistance annually. “We told them over and over again don’t do this, that they are putting at risk U.S. aid, but they did it anyway,” the official said. “We’re figuring out how to respond.” The discussions involve cutting off a portion of American aid, not all of it, the official said. The Egyptian law restricts NGO activity to developmental and social work and introduces jail terms of up to give years for non-compliance. Egyptian lawmakers said the law was necessary to protect national security. The government has long accused human rights groups of taking foreign funds to sow chaos and several are facing investigation over their funding. In May, when the law was issued after being ratified by President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, U.S. senators criticized it. Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham called it “draconian legislation” and they said the U.S. Congress should in response “strengthen democratic benchmarks and human rights conditions on U.S. assistance for Egypt.”  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican, and nine other senators sent Trump a letter on June 19 urging the president to press Sisi on the issue. “The U.S. Congress will take the Egyptian government’s recent actions into consideration as we review our bilateral assistance to Egypt to ensure that the American people’s tax dollars are used appropriately,” the letter said. U.S. President Barack Obama froze aid to Egypt for two years after Sisi, then a general, overthrew Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in mid-2013 after mass protests against Mursi’s rule. Trump has been intent on rebooting the bilateral relationship with Sisi and building on the strong connection the two presidents established when they first met in New York last September. Trump gave Sisi firm backing and vowed to work together to fight Islamist militants when Sisi visited the White House in April. ",1
2496,Any U.S. military transgender ban could face major legal challenge,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s announcement on Wednesday on banning transgender people from serving in the U.S. military unleashed a storm of legal threats from advocates who say they are seeking plaintiffs who want to file suit. Trump’s surprise tweets did not make clear when a ban reversing former President Barack Obama’s policy would go into effect, nor whether it applies to serving members of the military or those wishing to join. But if the U.S. Defense Department actively roots out transgender people and discharges them from the military, the Pentagon is likely to face an especially contentious fight,  legal experts say. “There’s no valid justification for excluding transgender people from the military,” said Jon Davidson, legal director for LGBT rights group Lambda Legal. “They are currently serving without a problem. There hasn’t been an extraordinary cost. There hasn’t been disruption.” Experts say singling out transgender people would violate their rights to equal protection under the law as guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution. Joshua Block at the American Civil Liberties Union said his inbox was flooded with emails about Trump’s ban, including from service members. “I think the most important thing for people to understand is that for the immediate future, nothing can happen to them ... Trump’s tweet is not self-executing,” said Block, a senior staff attorney on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) issues. Under Obama, the Defense Department declared in June 20016 that transgender people could serve openly in the armed forces. The Pentagon was considering a second step of allowing openly transgender people to enlist when Trump on Wednesday issued three tweets saying transgender people would not be allowed to serve any capacity in the military, citing disruptions and medical costs. The Pentagon referred all questions to the White House, where press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump made the decision in consultation with his national security team and that the Defense Department would work with the White House and take the lead on a lawful implementation.  Sarah Warbelow, the Human Rights Campaign’s legal director, said Trump’s declaration amounted to “discrimination on the basis of sex and identity,” and was therefore open to legal challenge. “The courts do provide quite a bit of deference to the military in determining its own policies,” she said. “However, that doesn’t mean the military is above the law.” But the Pentagon may have a clearer path to a ban should it merely prevent new transgender recruits from signing up. If the ban applies only to those seeking to enlist, the legal bar would be higher because the military already has wide leeway to exclude classes of people based on medical needs, Block said. If Trump did want to remove all existing transgender servicemembers from the ranks, it was unclear what legal mechanism he could use to forcibly discharge U.S. troops. If transgender people disclosed their identity as a result of the Obama policy and that policy is then changed, they would have a legal recourse should they be arbitrarily denied their jobs and benefits, Davidson said. Even those seeking to enlist might allege the government banned transgender individuals in an arbitrary way and without good reason. But at least one legal expert said a challenge would be difficult to mount because courts typically defer to the government on military matters. Eugene Fidell, who teaches military law at Yale Law School, said even if discharged transgender service members asked for military reviews of their cases and won, those decisions could be overturned by the secretaries of the four branches of the military, who are political appointees. It would difficult to convince federal courts to reverse the secretaries, Fidell said. ",1
2497,"Transgender soldiers, veterans shaken by Trump's ban on their service","TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - After 13 years of military service that included deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan, Indiana National Guard reservist Cameron St. Andrew felt crushed on Wednesday by President Donald Trump’s decision to ban transgender soldiers. The sergeant first class, who transitioned to living as a man while on active duty, said getting kicked out of the military two years before his planned retirement could mean losing many of his pension and healthcare benefits, and even harm his chances of being hired again. “Why serve a country that doesn’t want me? It breaks my heart, to be honest,” said St. Andrew, 37, of Indianapolis. Despite the devastating effect Trump’s move could have on him, he said he was more concerned about younger soldiers who were earlier in their careers and transition. “You pull that rug out from under them after they have this false sense of security, that could really throw them into a downward spiral,” he said.  The Republican president’s announcement, made through a series of Twitter posts, upended years of efforts to eliminate barriers to military service on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. Just last year, the Pentagon ended a prohibition keeping transgender people from serving openly. Trump, who cited “tremendous medical costs and disruption”  for the ban, did not specify how it would be implemented. It remained unclear whether the policy would apply to existing transgender service members or new transgender recruits.  The president’s action was condemned by rights groups and some lawmakers in both parties, who called it discrimination with purely political motives. The move was praised by conservative activists and some Republicans. “I have a lot of service members that are scared that their careers are over with,” said Navy Lieutenant Commander Blake Dremann, who leads a support organization working with actively serving transgender military members. “Right now, they still have their jobs and we will continue to work to make sure that policy doesn’t change.” The Pentagon said only that it was working on developing guidance following Trump’s tweets. St. Andrew said he did not know he was transgender when he enlisted, eager to serve his country after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. After an impoverished childhood in a small town in Michigan, he wanted to give back to the nation whose welfare system had kept him clothed and fed. Several years into his military service, he began reflecting on his gender identity. He said he struggled with the anxiety that accompanied the fear of being outed and losing his job. “They pound into you this thing of selfless service,” he said. “So you do that for a few years, and then you come out socially or to a few close people and that gives you some relief, but you still have to hide what you are.” He said he received support from his commanders and peers through his transition and found that few accommodations were needed. He already was discreet in changing facilities and had trained for the male physical fitness requirements. Still, anticipating changes like Trump’s ban coming, St. Andrew resigned from full-time service after the November election. He now wonders if his part-time reservist status is in jeopardy. “I try to be tough about it,” he said, but added: “It breaks your spirit down.” “Transgender people are serving today knowing that their leader frankly doesn’t trust them,” said retired Colonel Sheri Swokowski, 67, of Windsor, Wisconsin, the highest-ranking openly transgender veteran. “The bottom line is that this does great harm to people who simply want to serve their country.” Sergeant Sam Hunt, an electrician serving in the Nevada Army National Guard, said people had long referred to him as a man. He thought he could serve openly as such after former Democratic President Barack Obama lifted the transgender ban. Earlier this month, he learned that the Department of Defense had approved his transition to male from female. “Until told otherwise, I will continue serving this nation and state, as I have since 2009,” he said in a statement. ",1
2498,Massachusetts immigrant ruling could guide other states: official,"BOSTON (Reuters) - A ruling by Massachusetts’ top court could influence other state courts to rule that police cannot detain illegal immigrants solely to give federal authorities time to take them into custody, state Attorney General Maura Healey said on Wednesday. Healey, a Democrat who has been part of a loose coalition of state officials mounting court challenges to President Donald Trump’s administration, said the Monday ruling on civil immigration detainer requests, the first to cover a full state, showed the power of state-level challenges. “We may see in other courts efforts to draw from that,” Healey said in a interview in her office. “In this age of some really adverse actions and a lot of fear-mongering, frankly, by Donald Trump and (U.S. Attorney General) Jeff Sessions and others, it is important to make clear what the law here is and that no one is above the law.” The Trump administration has stepped up immigration enforcement, threatening to deport the estimated 12 million people who have entered the country illegally, contending they raise crime rates and drain government resources. The federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency has asked local police and courts to hold illegal immigrants who enter the justice system for up to 48 hours after their cases conclude to allow them to be taken into custody. Massachusetts’ Supreme Judicial Court ruled that because the detainer requests are civil, rather than criminal, the detentions amount to unconstitutional arrests. ICE said it was determining what next steps it might take after the ruling, saying it “weakens local law enforcement agencies’ ability to protect their communities.” Healey said her office is preparing instructions for court officials and local law enforcement on responding to the detainer requests. She dismissed the idea that the decision endangered public safety, saying the state continues to hold illegal immigrants who are wanted for criminal proceedings. Keeping up federal focus on the issue, Sessions said on Tuesday the Justice Department would block federal grants to sanctuary cities that do not cooperate with immigration agents, including detainer requests. Healey said the move would not change state policy. “It’s wrong, it’s unlawful and we’ll see them in court if they intend to proceed on this front,” she said. “This reflects a callous disregard for the rule of law and for governance and for what it takes to run our cities our states and indeed our country.” ",1
2499,Pennsylvania mayors charged in pay-to-play corruption case,"PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The mayor of Allentown, the third largest city in Pennsylvania, is among the latest officials charged in a long-running federal corruption investigation, according to indictments unsealed on Wednesday. Edwin Pawlowski, a Democrat who is running for a fourth term, was one of five people accused of bribery, extortion, wire fraud and other charges in two indictments that included a total of 73 counts. Seven others have already pleaded guilty in the probe. Wednesday’s new defendants include Vaughn Spencer, 70, a Democrat who previously served as the first black mayor of Reading, Pennsylvania. “Pawlowski and Spencer essentially put a ‘for sale’ sign on City Hall and sold out to the highest bidder,” said Louis Lappen, the acting U.S. attorney in Philadelphia, at a news conference on Wednesday. At his own news conference, Pawlowski called that accusation “fiction” and vowed to keep running for reelection. “I want to make it clear to everyone: I have done nothing wrong, nor have I ever accepted a dime beyond my salary,” he said. “In no way, shape or form was City Hall ever up for sale.” Pawlowski, who has also run unsuccessfully for governor and U.S. Senate, is accused of accepting more than $150,000 in contributions to his various campaigns from vendors with the understanding they would receive city contracts in exchange. The mayor sought to cover up the scheme by deleting emails, instructing his campaign aides to do the same and sweeping his office for listening devices installed by law enforcement, the indictment said. Spencer, meanwhile, was charged with a similar scheme in which he allegedly directed a contract to a donor’s engineering firm. He is also accused of agreeing to bribe the city council president in exchange for repealing campaign finance limits.  A lawyer for Spencer, Geoffrey Johnson, said he “intends to vigorously defend against these charges” but declined to comment further, saying he was still reviewing the indictment. The separate schemes outlined in the two indictments included some of the same players. James Hickey, a business consultant, was named in both indictments, while Michael Fleck, who previously pleaded guilty, served as campaign manager for both mayors. A lawyer for Hickey did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Charges against Pawlowski had been expected. Earlier this year, Allentown’s former managing director pleaded guilty as part of the investigation and implicated Pawlowski in a $3 million bid-rigging scheme to benefit a campaign donor. ",1
2500,Trump's nominee for Fed says banking rules need 'refinements',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. banking rules must protect the financial system but they need “some refinement,” President Donald Trump’s nominee for the Federal Reserve’s top regulatory post told lawmakers on Wednesday. “As with any complex undertaking, after the first wave of reform, and with the benefit of experience and reflection, some refinements will undoubtedly be in order,” Randal Quarles told the Senate Banking Committee in prepared testimony ahead of his confirmation hearing scheduled for Thursday. If confirmed by the Senate, Quarles will be the central bank’s top official tasked with protecting the stability of the financial system. Quarles worked as a Wall Street lawyer and U.S. Treasury official under President George W. Bush. He was also an executive with private-equity firm Carlyle Group LP (CG.O) and is expected to face tough questions from Democratic lawmakers. Republicans control the Senate and have the votes to confirm Quarles over any objections from Democrats. If confirmed, Quarles would step down from the Cynosure Group, an investment group he founded in 2014. ",1
2501,"Head of Senate panel says near deal on Russia, Iran sanctions vote","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers are near an agreement that would pave the way for the Senate to vote on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia and Iran, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Wednesday. Republican Senator Bob Corker told reporters he expected an agreement would be announced as soon as Wednesday evening. However, he did not say whether the Senate version of the bill would strip out language imposing sanctions on North Korea, as he had suggested earlier in the day. The sanctions bill passed the House of Representatives nearly unanimously on Tuesday, in a rebuke to Republican President Donald Trump, whose administration had lobbied against some aspects of the measure. ",1
2502,U.S. lawmaker wounded in June shooting discharged from hospital,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican leader in the House of Representatives who was shot and wounded last month, has been discharged from a hospital, the medical center said on Wednesday. The Louisiana lawmaker has made “excellent progress” in his recovery and is beginning a period of intensive rehabilitation after being released from MedStar Washington Hospital Center on Tuesday, MedStar said in a statement. “He is in good spirits and is looking forward to his return to work once he completes rehabilitation,” the statement said. It did not say how long Scalise was expected to be in rehabilitation before returning to work. Scalise was among Republican lawmakers attacked June 14 in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia, by a gunman who  opened fire on them while they were practicing for a charity baseball game against Democrats. Scalise, 51, was shot in the hip. He underwent surgery this month to treat an infection related to his wound. The gunman, James Hodgkinson, 66, had a history of posting angry messages against Republican President Donald Trump. He died after being wounded during a shootout with police at the ballpark. ",1
2503,U.S. Treasury's Mnuchin urges Congress to lift debt limit before recess,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin urged Congress on Wednesday to raise the federal debt limit before lawmakers start  their August recess, to avoid higher interest costs to taxpayers and market uncertainty about a potential default. Maintaining U.S. creditworthiness is of the “utmost importance” and the United States must pay its bills on time, Mnuchin told a Senate Appropriations subcommittee. “As I’ve suggested in the past, based upon our best estimate at the time, we do have funding through September, but I have urged Congress to take this up before they leave for the recess,” Mnuchin said. However there was little sign Congress would heed Mnuchin’s call, at least for the moment. The House of Representatives is due to start its recess on Friday with no hint of movement on the issue, while the Senate is consumed with trying to pass a healthcare overhaul bill. That could leave the debt limit unaddressed until Congress returns on Sept. 5, perhaps one month before the Treasury runs a real risk of not being able to pay all of its obligations.   The last extension of the federal borrowing limit expired in March with total debt of around $20 trillion, but the Treasury has extended its ability to issue debt by employing extraordinary cash management measures, including deferring reinvestments in federal employee pension funds. But short-term Treasury bill markets have grown nervous about the potential for the Treasury to exhaust its borrowing capacity by mid-October, sending yields higher and crushing demand for a recent 3-month bill auction. The situation is costing taxpayers money and stoking market uncertainty, said Mnuchin, a former banker and Hollywood film financier.  “Right now effectively, as opposed to borrowing in the market at lower rates, we’re borrowing and making our trust funds whole at slightly higher rates, so there is a real cost to doing that,” he said. “There’s also an implied cost of uncertainty into the market. And the longer we wait, that more that uncertainty will be.” Senator James Lankford, a Republican, said at the hearing that his best estimate, derived through working with Treasury officials, was that the use of extraordinary measures would amount to about $2.5 billion, largely because the government would have to cover interest owed to the affected pension funds. Mnuchin did not dispute that estimate. Lawmakers showed varying levels of concern on Capitol Hill this week as the Senate focused on trying to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare. “Right now, my focus is Obamacare,” said Senator Ted Cruz when asked on Tuesday if the lack of action on the debt limit was a concern. Cruz led fellow Republicans in 2013 to demand spending cuts as part of a fiscal fight that led to a 16-day partial government shutdown. Another fiscal conservative senator, David Perdue, said however he would prefer that Congress stay in session in August to deal with raising the debt ceiling, adding: “We’ve just got to get it done.” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell wants to pass a debt ceiling increase but does not have timing nailed down, a spokesman said. ",1
2504,Details of military transgender policy being worked out: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s decision to ban transgender individuals from serving in the U.S. armed forces was a military decision, and the White House will have to work with the Pentagon to decide how to implement the policy, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday. “Implementation of the policy is going to be something that the White House and the Department of Defense have to work together to lawfully determine and ... I would imagine the Department of Defense will be the lead on that,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told a briefing. ",1
