id,title,text,label
13026,Kremlin: U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem may further worsen Israel-Palestinian relations,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday that Russia was concerned that the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian authorities could be aggravated further by U.S. President Donald Trump s plans to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.  However, we would not discuss the decisions which have not been taken yet,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. Trump on Wednesday will deliver remarks about his decision on whether to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, White House Press Secretary Sarah Saders said on Tuesday. ",1
13027,No comment on Trump's Jerusalem move from Netanyahu in first speech,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not comment on the planned U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday during his first public remarks since the White House confirmed the new policy. In his 21-minute speech to a Jerusalem diplomatic conference, Netanyahu outlined Israel s economic strengths and international outreach, emphasising the importance of ties with the United States. But he did not mention the U.S. President Donald Trump s Jerusalem announcement, due later on Wednesday.  ",1
13028,China says Trump plan to move embassy in Israel could spark 'new hostility',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China expressed concern on Wednesday about U.S. President Donald Trump s reported intention to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and relocate the U.S. Embassy to the ancient city, saying it could spark new hostility. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to the city from Tel Aviv, a decision that risks fuelling violence in the Middle East.  The endorsement of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would reverse long-standing U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular news briefing that the status of Jerusalem was a complicated and sensitive issue and China was concerned the U.S. decision  could sharpen regional conflict .  All parties should do more for the peace and tranquillity of the region, behave cautiously, and avoid impacting the foundation for resolving the long-standing Palestine issue and initiating new hostility in the region,  Geng said. China has long maintained that Palestinians must be allowed to build an independent state, although it has traditionally played little role in Middle East conflicts or diplomacy, despite its reliance on the region for oil.  The process of moving the U.S. embassy is expected to take three to four years, according to U.S. officials, though Trump will not set a timetable. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions. ",1
13029,"Greece, Turkey seek closer ties with Erdogan visit, but no quick fixes","ATHENS/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayip Erdogan will make a historic visit to Greece this week, a sign that relations between the two countries are improving, although a long list of grievances remains on both sides. Erdogan visited Greece as prime minister, in 2004 and 2010, but he will be the first Turkish head of state to visit Athens since Celal Bayar in 1952. He is also scheduled to visit Thrace in northern Greece, home to a large Muslim community. Greece and Turkey came to the brink of war as recently as 1996, but tensions have eased since. The two now cooperate in a deal brokered between Ankara and the European Union on stemming mass migration to Europe through Greece.  Turkey s ties with some other European Union governments are strained, however, so Erdogan s visit on Dec. 7-8 will be important for Athens. It will help to ensure that communication continues over the migrant crisis and other bilateral issues.  Issues that concern the two countries will be on the agenda of talks - tensions in the Aegean Sea, the refugee crisis, economic relations with a focus on energy, trade and transport,  Greek government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos said.  What we anticipate is a substantive upgrade of our relationship with Turkey ... We expect very constructive talks.  In Turkey, a government official said:  This will be a visit from which we expect solution to problems. I think Erdogan and (Greek Prime Minister Alexis) Tsipras will show a common will for the solution of some of the problems.  At odds over everything from uninhabited islets, airspace and the boundaries of Greece s continental shelf to the ethnically divided island of Cyprus, differences between the two countries have outlived the Cold War.  None of those issues has ever been resolved. The fallout of a failed coup attempt against Erdogan in 2016 has also tested their relations; while the coup unfolded, eight Turkish commandos flew into Greece to evade capture. The Turkish government regards them as coup plotters and wants Athens to hand them over. Greek courts have blocked their extradition. The senior Turkish official said terror groups were crossing into Greece from Turkey.  The prevention of this is critical for Turkey,  the official said.  Erdogan will ask for the extradition of these people, starting with the ones that fled there with a helicopter following the coup attempt.  Greek police last week arrested nine suspected members of DHKP-C, a militant Marxist group which has claimed responsibility for attacks in Turkey since 1990, including suicide bombings. TIP-TOE AROUND CYPRUS Thursday s visit takes place months after Cyprus peace talks broke down in July. The talks are led by the two Cypriot communities, but Greece and Turkey need to agree to future security arrangements for the island.  When the talks broke up there was a lot of ill feeling, so I was a bit surprised to hear about this visit. Positively surprised,  said James Ker-Lindsay, professor of politics and policy at St. Mary s University in London.  Cyprus remains divided between Greek and Turkish Cypriot communities living on either side of a U.N.-monitored ceasefire line. It s unclear whether peace talks between them will resume. Greek Cypriot presidential elections are scheduled for January 2018, and nothing will happen before then.  I think that in terms of the symbolism of Erdogan in Athens, its a good sign. Whether we are going to get anything out of it, I m not sure. I don t want to overplay it too much,  Ker-Lindsay told Reuters.  ",1
13030,"Myanmar forces may be guilty of genocide against Rohingya, U.N. says","GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar s security forces may be guilty of genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority and more of them are fleeing despite a deal between Myanmar and Bangladesh to send them home, the top U.N. human rights official said on Tuesday. The United Nations defines genocide as acts meant to destroy a national, ethnic, racial or religious group in whole or in part. Such a designation is rare under international law, but has been used in contexts including Bosnia, Sudan and an Islamic State campaign against the Yazidi communities in Iraq and Syria. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, was addressing a special session of the Human Rights Council which later adopted a resolution condemning  the very likely commission of crimes against humanity  by security forces and others against Rohingya. Myanmar s ambassador Htin Lynn said his government  dissociated  itself from the text and denounced what he called  politicisation and partiality . Zeid, who has described the campaign in the past as a  textbook case of ethnic cleansing , said that none of the 626,000 Rohingya who have fled violence to Bangladesh since August should be repatriated to Myanmar unless there was robust monitoring on the ground. He described reports of  acts of appalling barbarity committed against the Rohingya, including deliberately burning people to death inside their homes, murders of children and adults; indiscriminate shooting of fleeing civilians; widespread rapes of women and girls, and the burning and destruction of houses, schools, markets and mosques .  Can anyone - can anyone - rule out that elements of genocide may be present?  he told the 47-member state forum. Shahriar Alam, Bangladesh s junior foreign affairs minister, told the session in Geneva that his country was hosting nearly one million  Myanmar nationals  following executions and rapes. These crimes had been  perpetrated by Myanmar security forces and extremist Buddhist vigilantes , Alam said, calling for an end to what he called  xenophobic rhetoric..including from higher echelons of the government and the military . Mainly Buddhist Myanmar denies the Muslim Rohingya are its citizens and considers them foreigners.  China s foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang on Wednesday told a regular news briefing that the resolution would not resolve or alleviate the situation.  It could further complicate the issue and have a negative impact on Myanmar and Bangladesh implementing the repatriation agreement,  he said. China has supported Myanmar in the face of international criticism and has taken an increasingly active role in the issue, with foreign minister Wang Yi recently proposing a three step resolution during a visit to Myanmar. But Nicholas Bequelin, East Asia director at Amnesty International, said in a statement that by voting against the resolution China has proved itself  woefully out of step  with world opinion and is serving to  preserve impunity for horrific crimes . Marzuki Darusman, head of an independent international fact-finding mission on Myanmar, said by video from Malaysia that his team has interviewed Rohingya refugees, including children in the Bangladeshi port city of Cox s Bazar, who recounted  acts of extreme brutality  and  displayed signs of severe trauma . Myanmar has not granted the investigators access to Rakhine, the northern state from which the Rohingya have fled, Darusman said.  We maintain hope that it will be granted early in 2018.  Pramila Patten, special envoy of the U.N. Secretary-General on sexual violence in conflict, who interviewed survivors in Bangladesh in November, said she had heard accounts of  rape, gang rape by multiple soldiers, forced public nudity and humiliation, and sexual slavery in military captivity . Myanmar denies committing atrocities against the Rohingya. Its envoy Htin said:  People will say what they wanted to believe and sometimes they will say what they were told to say.  ",1
13031,Turkey warns U.S. that Jerusalem embassy move is 'grave mistake',"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Wednesday that it would be a  grave mistake  for the United States to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and that he had warned U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Before a bilateral meeting with Tillerson at NATO headquarters, Cavusoglu said:  It would be a grave mistake (to move the U.S. embassy). It will not bring any stability ... but rather chaos and instability.   The whole world is against this,  he said, adding that he had already told Tillerson how he felt and would reiterate it at the meeting at NATO during the alliance s foreign ministers  meeting. ",1
13032,Zimbabwe court again postpones former finance minister's bail hearing,"ZIMBABWE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court has postponed to Thursday the bail hearing of former finance minister Ignatius Chombo, who is facing charges of corruption dating back two decades. Chombo, who did not appear at the court on Wednesday, was detained after the military seized power in  Operation Restore Legacy  mid-November, which it said was meant to remove  criminals  around former President Robert Mugabe. The High Court had been due to sit on Wednesday to hear Chombo s appeal against a lower court ruling last week denying him bail pending his trial on Dec. 8, but the state prosecutor said he needed time to prepare his case.  This is the second time the court has postponed the hearing after an initial sitting on Friday was delayed for the same reasons. His lawyer says Chombo will deny the allegations at his trial. Chombo was among members of the G40 political faction allied to 93-year-old Mugabe and his wife, Grace, who were also expelled from the ruling ZANU-PF party.  Ousted ZANU-PF Youth League leader Kudzanai Chipanga s bail hearing was also postponed to Thursday. Chipanga is facing charges of making statements undermining public confidence in the military which helped end Mugabe s 37-year rule. Some supporters of new President Emmerson Mnangagwa have called for unspecified action against G40 but the president has urged citizens not to undertake any form of  vengeful retribution . Mnangagwa, who was sworn in on Nov. 24, and is under pressure to root out rampant corruption stifling the economy. Last week, he opened a three-month amnesty window for the return of public funds illegally stashed abroad by individuals and companies. Upon the expiry of the amnesty at end of February next year, the government will arrest and prosecute those who have failed to comply, he said in a statement.      ",1
13033,"Germany, France warn citizens in Jerusalem amid planned U.S. recognition","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany is concerned that violent clashes could erupt in the Middle East following reports that U.S. President Donald Trump would recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital, its Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday. France s Foreign Ministry also warned on its website that demonstrations were expected and that its nationals should avoid them and any large crowds in East Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza. In an update of its travel advice for Israel and the Palestinian territories, the German ministry in Berlin said:  From December 6, 2017, there may be demonstrations in Jerusalem, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Violent clashes can not be ruled out.  It advised its travellers in Jerusalem to closely monitor the situation via local media and avoid the affected areas. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to the city. ",1
13034,Turkey says declaring Jerusalem Israel's capital will start 'fire with no end in sight',"ANKARA (Reuters) - The Turkish government s spokesman on Wednesday said that the United States  decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will plunge the region and the world into  a fire with no end in sight .  Declaring Jerusalem a capital is disregarding history and the truths in the region, it is a big injustice/cruelty, shortsightedness, foolishness/madness, it is plunging the region and the world into a fire with no end in sight,  Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Twitter.  I call on everyone to act logically, respect the agreements they signed and behave reasonably, avoid risking world peace for domestic politics or other reasons,  he said. U.S. officials have said President Donald Trump is likely to give a speech on Wednesday unilaterally recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a step that would break with decades of U.S. policy. ",1
13035,Syrian government condemns U.S. Embassy move to Jerusalem: SANA,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government on Wednesday condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize the city of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and to move the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv, Syrian state news agency SANA said.   (The move) is the culmination of the crime of usurping Palestine and displacing the Palestinian people,  SANA said, quoting a Foreign Ministry source.  ",1
13036,"Lebanon's Hariri rescinds resignation, drawing line under crisis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri rescinded his resignation on Tuesday, drawing a line under a month-long crisis triggered when he announced from Riyadh that he was stepping down and remained outside Lebanon for weeks. His coalition government, which includes the Iran-backed Hezbollah group, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in Arab states. Hariri s Saudi allies accuse Hezbollah of waging war across the Middle East as agents of Iran. Hariri s shock resignation had thrust Lebanon to the forefront of the regional quarrel between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has been played out on battlefields in Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Lebanese officials said Saudi Arabia had coerced Hariri, a long-time Saudi ally, into resigning and put him under effective house arrest until an intervention by France led to his return to Lebanon. Saudi Arabia and Hariri have denied this. President Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, refused to accept his resignation while he remained abroad. Saudi concern over the influence wielded by Shi ite Muslim Iran and Hezbollah in other Arab states had been widely seen as the root cause of the crisis, which raised fears for Lebanon s economic and political stability.  The Lebanese policy of  dissociation  was declared in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the civil war in neighbouring Syria. Despite the policy, Hezbollah is heavily involved there, sending thousands of fighters to help President Bashar al-Assad. In its first meeting since Hariri s resignation, the cabinet on Tuesday reaffirmed its commitment to the policy.   All (the government s) political components decide to dissociate themselves from all conflicts, disputes, wars or the internal affairs of brother Arab countries, in order to preserve Lebanon s economic and political relations,  Hariri said. Lebanon, where Sunni Muslim, Shi ite, Christian and Druze groups fought a civil war from 1975-1990, has a governing system designed to share power among sectarian groups. Hariri, a wealthy Sunni businessman with long ties to the kingdom, had denounced Iran during his resignation speech and said he was outside Lebanon because he feared for his family s safety. His father, an ex-prime minister, was assassinated in 2005. In a speech during the cabinet session, Hariri warned that the tensions in the region could easily drag Lebanon down a dangerous route, and the issues which had led to the crisis could not be ignored.  Developments in the region suggest a new wave of conflict ... Perhaps the conflict is nearing the end, and Lebanon cannot be plunged into chaos on the finish line.  If we are rejecting interference by any state in Lebanese affairs, it cannot be that we accept that any Lebanese side interferes in the affairs of Arab states,  Hariri said, an apparent reference to Hezbollah.  We have to address this issue, and take a decision announcing our disassociation, in words and deeds,  he said.     Hariri s resignation was accompanied by a sharp escalation in Saudi statements targeting the Lebanese state, with Riyadh at one point accusing the Beirut government of declaring war against it. Western governments, including the United States, stressed their support for Hariri and Lebanon.  Hariri will be in Paris on Friday for a meeting of the International Lebanon Support Group, a body that includes the five members of the U.N. Security Council - Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States. The meeting, to be opened by French President Emmanuel Macron, aims in part to put pressure on Saudi Arabia and Iran to desist from interference in Lebanon, diplomats said.  (This version of the story re-inserts the word  not  in paragraph 13) ",1
13037,Palestinian envoy says U.S. recognition of Jerusalem is 'declaring war',"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump would effectively be making a declaration of war if he recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the Palestinians  chief representative to Britain said on Wednesday.  If he says what he is intending to say about Jerusalem being the capital of Israel, it means a kiss of death to the two state solution,  Manuel Hassassian said in a BBC radio interview.   He is declaring war in the Middle East, he is declaring war against 1.5 billion Muslims (and) hundreds of millions of Christians that are not going to accept the holy shrines to be totally under the hegemony of Israel,  Hassassian added. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. embassy to the city. ",1
13038,British foreign secretary 'concerned' about planned U.S. recognition of Jerusalem,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Wednesday that he was concerned about reports that U.S. President Donald Trump s would recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  Lets wait and see what the president says exactly. But, you know, we view the reports that we have heard with concern because we think that Jerusalem obviously should be part of the final settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians,  he told reporters in Brussels. Senior U.S. officials said on Tuesday that Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday and set in motion the relocation of the U.S. Embassy to the city. ",1
13039,"Bomb blast kills nine people in Pakistan, near Afghan border","MIRANSHAH, Pakistan (Reuters) - A bomb rigged to a motorcycle exploded in a militant-plagued part of northwest Pakistan near the Afghan border, killing nine people, officials said on Wednesday, the latest violence in a recent rise in attacks in the nuclear-armed country. The bomb was detonated by remote control late on Tuesday when an army vehicle passed in Mir Ali town in the North Waziristan region, said three Pakistani officials who declined to be identified as they are not authorized to speak to the media. A spokesman for the Pakistani army, which is responsible for security in the volatile, ethnic Pashtun region, did not respond to calls seeking comment.  Waziristan is bleeding once again,  said police official  Tahir Khan in Peshawar, the main city in the northwest, who said he had heard about the blast but had no details. No militant group claimed responsibility. North Waziristan was long home to Pakistani and foreign Islamist militants linked to the Taliban and al Qaeda until the Pakistani army launched a major push against them in mid-2014.  The military offensive cleared the militants from their bases and largely broke up their networks, forcing them to flee either over the porous border into Afghanistan or to other parts of Pakistan.  But the militants have struck back, sometimes with major attacks. Last Friday, three Pakistani Taliban suicide bombers stormed a college in Peshawar, killing eight students and a guard. A week earlier, a senior police commander was killed in a suicide bomb attack in Peshawar. On Tuesday, the Pakistani Taliban killed a member of an anti-Taliban faction in another part of the northwest, while a bomb aimed at members of another pro-government faction killed five people a week earlier. The Pakistani Taliban are fighting to topple the government and impose a strict interpretation of Islamic law. They are loosely allied with the Afghan Taliban who ruled most of Afghanistan until they were overthrown by U.S.-backed military action in 2001. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Pakistan this week to urge it to  redouble  efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry out attacks in Afghanistan. ",1
13040,Russian lawmakers vote to bar entry to reporters of U.S. media,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The State Duma lower house of Russia s parliament voted on Wednesday to bar correspondents of U.S. mass media, including The Voice of America and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, from attending its sessions, the Interfax news agency reported. On Tuesday, these two media outlets were officially designated as  foreign agents  by Russia s justice ministry, a move aimed at complicating their work in retaliation for what Moscow says is unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. ",1
13041,China calls for restraint after a U.S. B-1B bomber flies over Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it hopes relevant parties can exercise restraint over North Korea, after the South Korean military said that U.S. B-1B bomber flew over the Korean peninsula during a large-scale joint aerial drill. Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comments at a regular briefing. ",1
13042,Iran denies U.S. accusation of destabilizing the region,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s foreign ministry denied on Wednesday U.S. accusations that the Islamic Republic is playing a destabilizing role in the region, state media reported. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said on Tuesday that Iran is carrying out  destabilizing actions  by supporting Hezbollah in Lebanon, supplying missiles to Houthi forces in Yemen and sending weapons and militia fighters to Syria.   Repeating the groundless accusations and lies will not help solve the large and strategic mistakes America has made in recent decades against Iran and the region,  foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi was quoted as saying by state media.  While there s time remaining, Mr. Tillerson should become more familiar with the realities and history of the region and American policies, and its effects which has led to serious instability and the deaths of hundreds of thousands of innocent women, children and people.   Tillerson also said during a visit to Brussels on Tuesday that Iran must comply with the terms of the 2015 nuclear deal under which the Islamic Republic agreed to curbs on its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of a number of sanctions.  U.S. president Donald Trump dealt a blow to the pact in October by refusing to certify that Tehran was complying with the accord even though international inspectors said it was. ",1
13043,Cambodia's Sam Rainsy to be sued over 'treasonous' call to soldiers: PM,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s exiled opposition leader Sam Rainsy has committed treason by inciting soldiers to defy orders, Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Wednesday, and he will face new legal action over the comments. The threat of more legal action against Sam Rainsy, who has lived in France since 2015 to avoid a series of convictions, comes weeks after a court dissolved his opposition party, removing any significant challenge to Hun Sen extending his decades-long rule in a general election next year. The dissolution of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) has been condemned by the opposition, rights groups and some Western countries as the most serious blow to democracy since an international peace deal and U.N.-run elections in the early 1990s ended decades of war and genocide. The United States has withdrawn an offer to help fund the election and the European Union has raised the possibility of withdrawing trade preferences. Sam Rainsy, who stepped down as leader of the CNRP this year in what turned out to be a futile bid to forestall a ban on his party suggested in a video posted on his Facebook page on Tuesday that soldiers would not obey orders to shoot civilians.     Around the world, at any time, armed forces don t obey orders given by dictators to kill people and we say that Hun Sen is not immortal, we must not protect Hun Sen,  Sam Rainsy told supporters in Paris. Hun Sen, who has held power for more than 32 years, a  said the military would file a lawsuit in response.  This is a treasonous crime, an incitement of soldiers to disobey orders,  Hun Sen told garment workers in Phnom Penh. The Supreme Court banned the CNRP after its leader, Kem Sokha, who took over after Sam Rainsy stepped down, was arrested for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government with American help. Kem Sokha, who rejected the accusation, is in prison. In an interview with Reuters last month, Sam Rainsy said Cambodia was at a  tipping point  and that Hun Sen would be driven from power like Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe. He urged Western states to impose targeted sanctions. A government crackdown on dissent has included the prosecution of several rights activists, reporters and the closure of several media outlets. Sam Rainsy served as finance minister in an ill-fated coalition set up when Hun Sen refused to give up power after losing a U.N.-organised election in 1993. Hun Sen purged his coalition partners in a 1997 putsch. Hun Sen has built close ties to China and dismisses Western pressure to improve rights. He has warned of a return to civil war if he were to lose the election. (This version of the story amends headline to show Hun Sen said the opposition leader would be sued) ",1
13044,"UK Labour Party wants to leave single market, customs union option open after transition","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain should leave open the option remaining in the single market and customs union after a Brexit transition period, the Brexit spokesman for the opposition Labour Party said on Wednesday.  Our position is in the customs unions and single market in the transition period and leave the options on the table for after the transition period,  Keir Starmer told BBC radio.  ",1
13045,Chinese state media takes praise for leader to new heights as Xi tightens grip,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The official newspaper of China s ruling Communist Party has lavished unusually high levels of praise on President Xi Jinping s signature leadership, as China s strongest leader in decades consolidates his personal power. Xi s leadership was cast as having forged a new way of governance for China that the paper said had been applauded worldwide and had brought China to new heights of economic, political and diplomatic success. The paean, even more effusive than usual for the state mouthpiece, came in two parts written under the official nom de plume of the People s Daily for important commentaries and was carried on its front page on Tuesday and Wednesday. Billed as an exposition on the changes in leadership, thought, mission and  rejuvenation  for China revealed during a course-setting meeting of the top party leadership in October, it marked the latest assault in a propaganda onslaught vaunting Xi s contributions to China and the world. Xi has amassed positions and accolades at a level much higher than his immediate predecessors, being named the  core  of the party leadership last year and having his named theory written into the party charter in October. Such an honor has not been given to a sitting leader since Mao Zedong, communist China s founding leader. Chinese state media has taken praise for Xi to new levels since the twice-a-decade conclave. Xi was given Mao-like prominence with his portrait taking up nearly the entire front page of the People s Daily.  A unique path, a unique theory, a unique system, a unique culture; Xi Jinping s thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era has developed a rich path for China that has transcended Western-centric theory, and hugely excited many developing countries to confidently choose their own path,  the paper said.  Without Xi Jinping thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era, we would not have a party center that is moving closer daily to the center of the world stage,  the People s Daily said. China has expanded the reach of its foreign policy and military under Xi, who has talked about the need for China to be confident in its own political system and to provide Chinese  solutions  and  wisdom  for global issues. However, concerns abroad about China using its influence to sway foreign business, academic, and political institutions have also grown. Xi told foreign political groups in Beijing on Friday that China would not export its political system and would provide more opportunities for the world through its development. He was speaking as he opened China s first ever  high-level  inter-party dialogue. ",1
13046,China accuses Australia of paranoia over foreign influence laws,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - China accused Australia of hysteria and paranoia on Wednesday  after Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull vowed to ban foreign political donations in a move to curb external influence on its domestic politics. Foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in Australia and the world, Turnbull told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday. He had cited  disturbing reports about Chinese influence . The announcement came as concern grows that Beijing may be extending its soft power efforts in the country and as relationships between Australian politicians and Chinese government interests become increasingly contentious.  Some Australian media have repeatedly fabricated news stories about the so-called Chinese influence and infiltration in Australia,  the Chinese Embassy in Australia said in an English-language statement on its website.  Those reports, which were made up out of thin air and filled with cold war mentality and ideological bias, reflected a typical anti-China hysteria and paranoid (sic).   The statement said that  irresponsible remarks  by some Australian politicians and government officials had damaged trust between the countries and that it categorically rejected all allegations. China s soft power has come under renewed focus this week after a politician from Australia s opposition Labor party was demoted from government having been found to have warned a prominent Chinese business leader and Communist Party member that his phone was being tapped by intelligence authorities. In June, Fairfax Media and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported on a concerted campaign by China to  infiltrate  Australian politics to promote Chinese interests. Australia and neighboring New Zealand are among roughly a third of countries worldwide that allow foreign donations to political parties. Such donations are prohibited in the United States, Britain and several European countries. The new laws, modeled in part on the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act, would criminalize foreign interference and require the registration of lobbyists working for nation states, Turnbull said.  China has no intention to interfere in Australia s internal affairs or exert influence on its political process through political donations,  the embassy said.  We urge the Australian side to look at China and China-Australia relations in an objective, fair and rational manner.  ",1
13047,Bone fragments found in Mexico to be tested for DNA links,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican authorities said on Tuesday they will aim to identify some 3,000 bone fragments, apparently human, found at the weekend in the northern state of Coahuila, where organized crime has been blamed for the loss of thousands of lives.  State prosecutors said they were sending the remains to a genetic laboratory to assess whether they could be linked to people who have disappeared. According to government data, nearly 18,600 people have disappeared since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012. In November, he signed into law a national commission dedicated to finding people who have disappeared. It will add some 469 million pesos ($25 million) to fund search efforts in its first stage. Gang violence has claimed more than 100,000 lives over the past decade and authorities are often unable to identify bodies found in mass graves. VIDA, a Coahuila-based group representing 77 people whose relatives have gone missing, found the fragments in a field on Saturday after a tip-off about the location. The group, accompanied by prosecutors, experts and members of the military, also found a metal barrel, gun casings, two buttons and a buckle. VIDA spokeswoman Silvia Ortiz said similar previous discoveries indicated that victims  bodies had been dismembered and burned for hours before the bones were broken apart with shovels. State prosecutors said they could not yet determine how many people the bones belonged to, according to a spokesman. ",1
13048,Honduras opposition proposes election recount or run-off,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The Honduran opposition battling President Juan Orlando Hernandez over a disputed presidential election proposed on Tuesday that a run-off be held if authorities would not recount the entire vote. TV star Salvador Nasralla, who claimed victory in the Nov. 26 election after early results put him ahead of Hernandez, has been locked in a bitter row over the vote count since the process broke down and suddenly swung in the president s favor. The dispute has sparked deadly protests and a night-time curfew in the poor, violent Central American country.  On Tuesday, Nasralla said the electoral tribunal should review virtually all the voting cards.  If you don t agree with that, let s go to a run-off between (Hernandez) and Salvador Nasralla,  he said on Twitter. Former President Manuel Zelaya, who was ousted in a 2009 coup and now backs Nasralla, said that the opposition was seeking a total recount of the vote, or legislation to permit a run-off, which is not used in Honduras. Hernandez, who has been praised by the United States for his crackdown on violent street gangs, indicated later on Tuesday that his party might be willing to check all votes.  We re open to checking, that there s a review of one, two, three, however many,  he said.  They talk about 5,000 (polling stations), of more, of less; there s no problem, but it has to be under the procedures established by Honduran law.   Hernandez has not claimed victory in broadcast comments in recent days, but said on Tuesday that  there will soon be time to celebrate,  and praised his center-right National Party for containing itself during the turmoil that has followed the vote.  That doesn t mean it s not a vigorous party, and when they see it in the street, they ll see something extraordinary they haven t seen yet,  he added, without elaborating. Authorities took a week to count votes in the nation of 9 million people, but the Organization of American States (OAS) said results were marked by irregularities and errors.  The tribunal has not declared an official winner, but the results gave a 1.60 percentage point advantage to Hernandez over Nasralla, who says tally sheets from ballot boxes were altered and has declared himself the rightful winner. On Tuesday, the top official at the electoral tribunal, David Matamoros, invited the opposition to compare their copies of voter tally sheets with the official body s versions. Matamoros also said the tribunal would extend a deadline for legal challenges to Friday from Wednesday.  Street protests in favor of Nasralla that began last week continued on Tuesday afternoon. Dozens of people, including police officers, gathered at the Tegucigalpa headquarters of Honduras  elite police force yelling  Out, JOH,  referring to Hernandez s initials. Some rebel police officers had refused to crack down on demonstrations on Monday, urging the government to resolve the political deadlock. But the police force said on Tuesday it had agreed to a deal under which it will not be asked to  repress  legitimate protest. If demonstrators are caught breaking curfew, their cases will be reviewed, but police officers will also accompany them home, a spokesman said.  Nasralla s center-left Alliance bloc previously demanded a recount of nearly a third of tally sheets, a request that was backed by the OAS and European Union election observers. The Alliance is also expected to formally contest the results.  Early last week, Nasralla, a 64-year-old former sportscaster and game show host, appeared set for an upset victory, gaining a five-point lead with more than half of the ballots tallied. The count halted for more than a day, and began leaning in favor of Hernandez after resuming. ",1
13049,Mexican army hit by execution finding as Senate mulls new military powers,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican soldiers arbitrarily executed two people after an illegal raid last year, a national rights body said on Tuesday, releasing its findings as protests disrupted a debate in the Senate over a contentious bill to give the military more powers. The military, deployed in Mexico s war on drug gangs for over a decade, has been embroiled in several rights scandals including the extrajudicial killings of gang members and the disappearance of 43 students near one of its bases in 2014. The case reported by the National Human Rights Commission on its website on Tuesday related to a raid on a home in the western state of Jalisco last year.  The Commission, chosen by the Senate and autonomous from Mexico s federal government and its president, said the soldiers had tortured and sexually abused people they found there. After arbitrary detention, soldiers killed two of them by breaking their necks, the Commission said. While its rulings are not binding, the Commission s recommendations are influential and require a response from the institutions it reports on.   The timing is awkward for President Enrique Pena Nieto s  government, as it faces widespread criticism over legislation passed in the lower house and now in the Senate that seeks to enshrine in law the use of the military in crime fighting. The United Nations human rights chief on Tuesday called on Mexican lawmakers not to pass the bill, saying Mexico needed a stronger police force. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said the law did not contain strong enough controls to protect civilians from abuses in Mexico, where extrajudicial killings, torture and disappearances are carried out by both security forces and criminal gangs.  Adopting a new legal framework to regulate the operations of the armed forces in internal security is not the answer. The current draft law risks weakening incentives for the civilian authorities to fully assume their law enforcement roles,  Zeid said in a statement. Protesters successfully blocked discussion of the bill for much of Tuesday, barring access points to the Senate, and laying out placards warning against the militarization of the country while pointing to a massive rise in killings since President Felipe Calderon first put the army on the streets in 2016. In his presidential campaign, Pena Nieto promised to develop a large new national police force, but has ended up relying on military forces for high-profile operations. Murders in Mexico in 2017 are on track to be the worst on record, with 20,878 nationwide in the first 10 months. Lawmakers are expected to push the bill through committees and later put the measure to a full vote on the Senate floor. Lower house lawmakers moved quickly on the bill last week after it had languished in committees for years. The law has broad support from the ruling party and members of the opposition National Action Party who say it will give clear rules limiting the use of soldiers to fight crime.   The law is aimed at avoiding the discretional use of the armed forces by the president,  PAN Senator Roberto Gil Zuarth told reporters.  Right now there are no rules. He doesn t have to tell anybody.  However, rights campaigners worry the law opens the door to military intervention in protests, as well as expanding military powers to spy on citizens.  It is opposed by the party of leftist presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, which has only a handful of senators, but wants to return soldiers to their barracks over time. Julia Klug, 65, an activist from Mexico City protesting outside the Senate with  no violence  written on her face, said the law would entrench the role of the armed forces in a struggle with criminals that was not theirs to fight.  It s the Navy that s committing murder, it s the Army that s carrying out kidnappings. The police was corrupt, but these guys are criminals,  she said holding up a Mexican flag with the eagle at the centre of it spattered in red. ",1
13050,South Korean President Moon to visit China Dec. 13-16: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in will visit China from Dec. 13-16, China s official Xinhua news agency said on Wednesday, citing Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang. Xinhua did not give further details but the visit will come at a time of heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula.  The two countries are seeking to mend ties frayed by a year-long spat over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea. The anti-missile system was deployed amid growing concern over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
13051,Sisi cautions Trump against 'complicating' matters in Middle East: Egyptian presidency,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi told U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday there was no need to  complicate  matters in the Middle East after Trump phoned him to talk about his decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a Cairo presidential statement said. It said Sisi cautioned Trump against  taking measures that would undermine the chances of peace in the Middle East .  The Egyptian president affirmed the Egyptian position on preserving the legal status of Jerusalem within the framework of international references and relevant U.N. resolutions,  the statement said. U.S. endorsement of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would break with decades of U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city.  ",1
13052,Big-money gamblers face new scrutiny at British Columbia casinos,"VANCOUVER (Reuters) - High-rolling gamblers will face more stringent anti-money-laundering standards in British Columbia casinos, the Canadian province said on Tuesday, as it unveiled the first set of recommendations from a review of its casino sector. Gamblers wanting to deposit cash or bonds worth C$10,000 or more will now need to provide identification and proof of their source of funds, including details on their bank and the account from which the money is sourced, the province said. Two consecutive large transactions will trigger added scrutiny. Regulators will also be placed onsite to provide the  increased vigilance  needed to ensure anti-money laundering protocols are followed, it said. An internal government report, commissioned by the previous Liberal government and released in September by the current NDP government, found high-risk cash transactions taking place at a Vancouver-area casino popular with  high roller Asian VIP clients.  Media reports have noted similar issues at other Vancouver-area casinos, in many cases tying the suspicious funds to the West Coast city s runaway housing market.      Our government has made clear the urgency around addressing issues of money-laundering at B.C. casinos, and we will ensure these first two recommendations are not only implemented as soon as possible, but enforced on the ground,  British Columbia Attorney General David Eby said in a statement. He later told reporters that some details still need to be worked out and noted the regulator, the Gaming Policy and Enforcement Branch, will need to hire more staff to fill casino roles, particularly people with Mandarin language skills. The recommendations unveiled on Tuesday are the first from investigator Peter German, a former deputy commissioner with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who will provide his final report to the provincial government by the end of March 2018. Eby said it is possible that the recommendations could impact gaming revenues in the province, but that it was a price the government was willing to pay to  ensure that British Columbians have confidence that the proceeds of crime are not flowing through B.C. casinos.  The province s commercial gambling revenues, excluding horse racing, topped C$2.9 billion ($2.3 billion) in 2014-15, according to government data.  ",1
13053,Yemen humanitarian situation likely to worsen with Saleh death: Mattis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that the killing of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh would, in the short term, likely worsen an already dire humanitarian situation in the country. Saleh was killed in a roadside attack on Monday after switching sides in Yemen s civil war, abandoning his Iran-aligned Houthi allies in favor of a Saudi-led coalition. Coupled with a Saudi-led blockade and internal clashes, the stalemate has contributed to a human catastrophe. Some 7 million people are on the brink of famine, while one million are suspected to be infected with cholera. Mattis, speaking with reporters on a military aircraft en route to Washington after a brief trip to parts of the Middle East and South Asia, said it was too early to say what impact the killing would have on the war.  He said it could either push the conflict towards U.N. peace negotiations or make it an  even more vicious war.   (But)one thing I think I can say with a lot of concern and probably likelihood is that the situation for the innocent people there, the humanitarian side, is most likely to (get) worse in the short term,  Mattis said. He did not explain his reasoning.  The war has already killed more than 10,000 and displaced millions.  So this is where we ve all got to roll up our sleeves. Now, what are you going to do about medicine and food and clean water and cholera,  Mattis said.  I think there has got to be a lot more focus on the humanitarian side right now.  Analysts said Saleh s death would be a huge moral boost for the Houthis and a serious blow to the Saudi-led coalition that intervened in the conflict to try to restore the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. Saudi Arabia and its allies receive logistical and intelligence help from the United States. Mattis said he did not believe the U.S. military would play a role in easing the humanitarian situation.   ",1
13054,Britain needs 'new paradigm' for financial services trade with EU: Hammond,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will need a  new paradigm  to sell financial services to the European Union after Brexit as existing trade deals the EU has with foreign countries do not go far enough, the country s finance minister said on Tuesday. Philip Hammond, widely viewed as the most pro-European of Prime Minister Theresa May s senior colleagues, said in a speech at the annual dinner of finance association CityUK that future trading arrangements with the EU had to be  durable and fair . Britain has yet to start serious trade talks with the EU ahead of its March 2019 departure, as the process is currently bogged down in disagreements over border arrangements between the British province of Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic. May came under pressure on Tuesday from opposition parties and some allies to soften the EU divorce by keeping Britain in the single market and customs union after Brexit, hours after an attempt to break the logjam over the Irish border collapsed. Hammond said he would not comment on the events of last two days concerning Northern Ireland, but added that Britain and the EU had made  good progress  in talks over recent weeks.  I am optimistic that we will achieve sufficient progress at the Council next week, and move on to the next stage of the negotiations,  Hammond said, referring to a scheduled meeting of EU leaders on Dec. 14 and 15. Britain wants to protect its existing trading arrangements with the EU, and the type of deal the EU has struck with other countries in the past is not acceptable, Hammond said.  We must develop a new paradigm for our future trading relationship in financial services,  he said.  No existing trade agreement, nor third-country access to the EU, could support the scale and complexity of reciprocal trade in financial services that exists between the UK and the EU,  he added. Earlier on Tuesday, the Bank of England reiterated its warning that without legislative changes in Britain and the EU, tens of billions of pounds of cross-border insurance contracts risk legal uncertainty after Brexit, and said it was considering if banks needed to hold extra capital. ",1
13055,Ireland might consider adding to Brexit border text: Irish Times,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland might consider adding elements to the text of an agreement on the post-Brexit future of Northern Ireland s border as long as they do not undermine those already contained in the deal, the Irish Times reported on Tuesday.  British Prime Minister Theresa May has found it difficult to come up with a formula that satisfies both EU member Ireland, which wants to avoid creation of a  hard  border, and Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which says the British province must quit the EU on the same terms as the rest of the UK. The DUP props up May s minority government. A tentative deal on the border, promising  regulatory alignment  on both sides of the island of Ireland, was agreed on Monday. It was later rejected by the DUP, which says it cannot allow any divergence in regulation between Northern Ireland and other parts of the UK. Brussels says agreement is needed before it will give the green light for Britain to begin talks on future free trade when European Union leaders meet next week. The Irish Times quoted a spokesman for Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar as saying the adding of elements to assuage the concerns of the DUP  doesn t seem unreasonable  and was  a possibility.  The Irish Times suggested such an element might refer to the strength of the UK as a political entity.  Asked to comment on the report, a spokesman for Varadkar said  the view of the Irish government is that the terms of the deal reached on Monday must stand.   It s up to the UK government to work out with the DUP how it proposes to move forward,  the spokesman added.  ",1
13056,Three charged in Malta for murder of anti-corruption journalist,"VALLETTA (Reuters) - A magistrate on Tuesday charged three men with murder over a car-bomb blast that killed anti-corruption journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, court officials said. Caruana Galizia died instantly when her car was blown up as she drove out of her home on Oct. 16, a killing that shocked Malta and raised concern within the European Union about the rule of law on the tiny Mediterranean island. All three pleaded not guilty at the arraignment, which was attended by her husband, Peter Caruana Galizia. The men were named as Vince Muscat and brothers Alfred and George Degiorgio. It was not immediately clear whether police thought they had acted on their own or were hit men working for others. Caruana Galizia wrote a popular blog in which she relentlessly highlighted cases of alleged graft targeting politicians of all colors, including Prime Minister Joseph Muscat. Vince Muscat was not a relative. [] Police arrested 10 men on Monday in connection with their investigation into the killing. The other seven were released on bail. A close friend of Caruana Galizia told Reuters that she did not think the journalist had ever investigated the three men charged on Tuesday.  She wrote about government officials, politicians and wealthy business types,  the friend said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the case. The Malta government had offered a 1 million euro reward leading to information on the murder. It also called in the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and Europol to assist in investigations. Maltese media said investigators had homed in on the suspects following telephone intercepts   known as triangulation data   that included the call from a mobile phone which triggered the car bomb. Malta, the smallest nation in the European Union, has been engulfed by a wave of graft scandals in recent months, including accusations of money laundering and influence peddling in government - all of which have been denied. Caruana Galizia exposed many of these cases and was loved by her readers as a fearless, anti-corruption crusader. Critics saw her as a muck-raking fantasist and she had been hit with 36 libel lawsuits in the nine months preceding her death. Much of her criticism was leveled against Prime Minister Muscat and his leftist Labour party, which won power in 2013 after a nearly quarter of a century of uninterrupted rule by the conservative Nationalist Party. In the months before her death, she had also regularly targeted senior Nationalist figures. Italian newspapers have speculated that she might have fallen foul of men who were making a fortune by smuggling fuel out of lawless Libya. However, her friend said she had never looked into the illegal trade and any mention of it in her blog related to articles already published elsewhere. ",1
13057,U.N. pushing sharp increase in migrant returns from Libya,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The United Nations migration agency is stepping up the rate at which it flies migrants home from Libya, aiming to evacuate up to 15,000 in the final month of the year. The acceleration of returns is an attempt to ease severe overcrowding in detention centers, where numbers swelled after boat departures for Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha were largely blocked this year.   It also followed a CNN report showing migrants being sold for slave labor in Libya, sparking an international outcry and calls for migrants to be given safe passage from the country.  The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has already flown back more than 14,500 migrants to their countries of origin so far this year as part of its voluntary returns program. Nigeria, Guinea, Gambia, Mali and Senegal have seen the highest numbers of returns. Migrant flows through Libya surged from 2014. More than 600,000 crossing the central Mediterranean to Italy over the past three years, but departures from Libya s coast dropped sharply in July when armed groups in Sabratha began preventing boats from leaving.  After clashes in the western city in September, thousands of migrants who had been held near the coast surfaced and were transferred to detention centers under the nominal control of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Numbers in about 16 centers rose to nearly 20,000, from 5,000-7,000 previously, leading to a worsening of already poor conditions.  We are seeing an increasing number of migrants wishing to return home especially after what happened in Sabratha, it s all linked to Sabratha,  said Ashraf Hassan, head of the IOM returns program. In the aftermath of the CNN report and an African Union visit to Libya, some countries of origin have begun accepting charter flights returning migrants from Libya for the first time. The IOM has shortened procedures for screening migrants Libya, collecting less statistical data and focusing on trying to ensure that migrants will not be put at risk by returning, Hassan said. The agency hopes to have three charter flights leaving per day by Dec. 11, increasing that to five flights by Dec. 15. On Tuesday nearly 400 migrants were flown back to Nigeria on two flights from Tripoli, the capital, and from the western city of Misrata. (This story has been refiled to fix typo in 9th paragraph.)  ",1
13058,Bus bomb kills eight in Syria's Homs city: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in Syria s Homs on Tuesday, state media said, citing the city s health authority. Islamic State claimed the attack, saying the blast killed 11 members of the Syrian army, its official news agency AMAQ said. Many of the passengers were university students, Homs Governor Talal Barazi told state-run Ikhbariya TV. The blast in the government-held city hit the Akrama district, near al-Baath University.  Footage showed people crowding around the burned shell of a vehicle in the middle of a street. State television said  a bomb that terrorists planted in a passenger bus exploded .  Islamic State militants had claimed responsibility for a similar attack in Homs in May, when a car bomb killed four people and injured 32 others.  A string of bombings have struck cities under government control in Syria this year, including the capital Damascus.  The Tahrir al-Sham alliance   led by fighters formerly linked to al-Qaeda   has also claimed some of the deadly attacks.  Security agencies are constantly chasing sleeper cells,  the Homs police chief said on Ikhbariya.  Today, it could be a sleeper cell or it could be an infiltration.  Barazi, the governor, said the state s enemies were trying to target stability as  the stage of victory  drew near.  The city of Homs returned to full government control in May for the first time since the onset of Syria s conflict more than six years ago. With the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, the Damascus government has pushed back rebel factions in western Syria, shoring up its rule over the main urban centers. The army and allied forces then marched eastwards against Islamic State militants this year. The United States has voiced concern about Syrian and Russian attacks. The U.S. State Department on Tuesday strongly condemned attacks this week on eastern Ghouta believed to have been carried out by Syrian and Russian jets. The jets struck crowded residential areas in the besieged rebel enclave near Damascus on Sunday, killing at least 27 people, aid workers and a war monitor said.   Deliberate tactics to starve Syrian civilians, including women and children, block humanitarian and medical aid, bomb hospitals, medical personnel and first responders in eastern Ghouta, we consider that to be deeply troubling,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. She urged Russia to live up to its obligations to uphold the de-escalation zone in eastern Ghouta. ",1
13059,White House confirms Trump discussed Jerusalem with Mideast leaders,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump spoke separately on Tuesday with five Middle East leaders about  potential decisions regarding Jerusalem  amid reports he plans to move the U.S. Embassy to the city, the White House said in a statement. Trump also reaffirmed his commitment to advancing Israeli-Palestinian peace talks in his calls with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, Jordan s King Abdullah, Saudi King Salman and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, the statement said.        ",1
13060,Paraguay Congress legalizes planting of medical marijuana,"ASUNCION (Reuters) - Paraguay s Congress passed a bill on Tuesday creating a state-sponsored system to import marijuana seeds and grow the plant for medical uses, a decision that followed other countries in Latin America. The landlocked South American nation had authorized the importing of cannabis oil in May, under control of the health ministry, and Tuesday s decision was celebrated by patients their and loved ones for making it more readily available.  We are very happy because this will also allow for the import of seeds for oil production,  said Roberto Cabanas, vice president Paraguay s medicinal cannabis organization. His daughter has Dravet syndrome and the family was paying $300 a month for imported cannabis oil. Peru, Chile, Argentina and Colombia had already legalized marijuana for medical purposes. Uruguay has fully legalized growing and selling marijuana for any use.  The bill will likely be signed into law by the executive as it was supported by the health ministry.  Growing marijuana for recreational purposes in Paraguay is illegal, yet the country is a key source of illegal marijuana trafficked into Brazil and Argentina. ",1
13061,"Shoot-out between Colombia rebels kills 13, government says","BOGOTA (Reuters) - Thirteen people, including civilians, were killed during a confrontation between Colombia s ELN rebels and dissidents from the now-demobilized FARC guerrilla group in a remote area known for drug trafficking, the country s ombudsman said on Tuesday. The incident took place on Nov. 27 in the southwestern Narino region, a place where crime gangs and rebel groups are known to grow, process and smuggle coca, the base ingredient in cocaine. A hard-won peace accord was agreed with the now-disbanded Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebel group last year, ending some five decades of war.  But an array of FARC dissidents, National Liberation Army (ELN) rebels, right-wing ex-paramilitaries and crime gangs are still active in Colombia, competing for control of lucrative illegal mines and drug trafficking routes.  In Narino, fighters from the ELN attacked members of the Rural Resistance, ombudsmen Carlos Alfonso Negret said in a report. The Rural Resistance are FARC dissidents who refused to demobilize following the peace deal.  The ombudsman s office visited the area and was able to determine that there was an exchange of fire between the group that calls itself Rural Resistance and the ELN,  Negret told journalists.  There was crossfire that killed 13 people.  Neither the report nor Negret specified how many of the dead were civilians. More than 11,000 fighters and collaborators from the FARC handed over their weapons this year as part of the peace accord. The group has kept its initials in its reincarnation as a political party. But Negret says some 800 former guerrillas did not demobilize, while other security sources and thinktanks put the number of dissident ex-FARC at between 700 and 1,300. The ELN and the government began their first ever bilateral ceasefire in October, part of peace talks taking place in Ecuador. The ceasefire is set to run through Jan. 9 and may be extended. The incident was a violation of the ceasefire, Negret said. It is the second act of violence which has overshadowed the ceasefire, after the ELN admitted to killing an indigenous leader in restive Choco province. ",1
13062,Trump to deliver remarks on decision on Jerusalem embassy: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday will deliver remarks about his decision on whether to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, White House Press Secretary Sarah Saders said on Tuesday, adding that Trump is pretty solid in his thinking on the issue. Trump notified Arab leaders on Tuesday that he intends to make the major change in calls to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Jordan s King Abdullah, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and Saudi Arabia s King Salman. Many of the leaders warned that unilateral U.S. steps on Jerusalem would derail a fledgling U.S.-led peace effort and unleash turmoil in the region. (This story corrects spelling of press secretary s surname to  Sanders  instead of  Saunders  in first paragraph)  ",1
13063,Venezuela's U.N. envoy says he was pushed out by Maduro,"CARACAS/HOUSTON (Reuters) - Venezuela s powerful former oil czar Rafael Ramirez said on Tuesday he resigned from his job as U.N. envoy on orders of the president, a sign of growing rifts in the Socialist Party once firmly united under late leader Hugo Chavez. Sources told Reuters last week that leftist President Nicolas Maduro fired Ramirez, a political rival who was thought to have presidential ambitions, and summoned him back to Caracas from New York. Several close allies of Ramirez, as well as a relative, have been arrested in Venezuela in recent weeks as part of a purge in the oil sector over graft allegations, sparking questions about whether Ramirez would dare return to Caracas.  Insiders say Maduro is feeling empowered after surviving major political protests this year. He is now moving to strengthen his control of the OPEC member s crucial energy industry and sideline political rivals ahead of presidential elections in 2018.  I have been removed for my opinions,  said Ramirez via Twitter, where he posted a four-page resignation letter.  He has for weeks been writing editorials on a left-wing news site that are harshly critical of Maduro and the state of the oil industry.   By attacking me personally, you are affecting the unity of the revolutionary forces and the legacy of Comandante Chavez,  he added in the letter addressed to Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza, referring to Chavez, who governed Venezuela for 14 years before dying of cancer in 2013. Ramirez, a 54-year-old engineer, did not discuss his next moves in the resignation letter, but a source close to him told Reuters on Tuesday that had left the United States. His press representative did not immediately respond to request for comment. The sacking caps a remarkable downfall for Ramirez, who led state oil company PDVSA and the oil ministry for a decade and was one of Chavez  closest confidants. He oversaw vast oil nationalizations and urged workers to wear red shirts in support of Chavez s socialist movement.  Ramirez was disappointed when Chavez picked Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader, as his successor, according to sources familiar with his thinking. Maduro then narrowly won an election to become president in 2013 and swiftly demoted Ramirez the following year, first to the Foreign Ministry and then to the United Nations.  Since then, a protracted rivalry between the two men has increased, insiders said.  Ramirez has in recent months openly criticized Venezuela s economy, which has the world s highest inflation and shortages of basic goods. He wrote an article that was perceived as an attack on Maduro himself, one source said.  The Information Ministry did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. The government said it had appointed Samuel Moncada, a former foreign minister, as U.N. envoy.  Separately, state prosecutor Tarek Saab on Tuesday said Venezuela had ordered the arrests of six oil executives for their alleged role in a 2010 drilling contract with inflated prices.  The announcement comes amid a months-long crackdown on alleged graft in the energy industry that has led to the arrest of some 65 former executives, including two prominent officials who used to lead both the oil ministry and PDVSA. Corruption has long plagued Venezuela, home to the world s biggest crude reserves, but the socialist government usually blamed smear campaigns for accusations of widespread graft. Maduro has recently changed his tack, blaming  thieves  and  traitors  for the country s crisis. PDVSA has already started an arbitration procedure against PetroSaudi, the company that leased the offshore rig in the 2010 contract, to seek damages for what it says was  poor performance.  PetroSaudi declined to comment. ",1
13064,Venezuela's former ambassador to U.N. leaves the United States: source,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Venezuela s former ambassador to the United Nations, Rafael Ramirez, has left the United States after being forced to resign by President Nicolas Maduro s government, according to a source with knowledge of his travel plan. Ramirez, who for more than a decade ran OPEC member Venezuela s massive oil industry, said earlier on Tuesday he was removed because of his opinions. ",1
13065,U.N. envoy not carrying U.S. government message on North Korea visit: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - United Nations envoy Jeffrey Feltman, a former high-level U.S. State Department official, is not carrying any message from the U.S. government while visiting North Korea for talks on behalf of the world body, the State Department said on Tuesday. Feltman is currently the U.N. undersecretary-general for political affairs. Previously he served as U.S. assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs.  We re certainly aware of his travels under the auspices of his role with the United Nations to North Korea,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters.  He s not traveling on behalf of the U.S. government and he s not traveling -I want to make this clear - with any kind of message from the U.S. government.  ",1
13066,U.S. consulate in Jerusalem issues security message after reports of Trump move on embassy,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem instructed employees on Tuesday to stay away from the occupied West Bank and parts of Jerusalem after President Donald Trump told Middle East leaders he planned to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to the holy city.  The decision breaks with decades of U.S. policy and risks fuelling violence in the Middle East. Palestinian factions in Gaza and the West Bank issued calls on Tuesday for protests against Trump s expected moves on Jerusalem.  With widespread calls for demonstrations beginning Dec. 6 in Jerusalem and the West Bank, U.S. government employees and their family members are not permitted until further notice to conduct personal travel in Jerusalem s Old City and in the West Bank,  the U.S. consulate said in a security message.  United States citizens should avoid areas where crowds have gathered and where there is increased police and/or military presence,  the message said.   ",1
13067,Exclusive: Trump names career diplomat to head Cuban embassy - sources," ((This December 4 story has been corrected to change  last year  to 2015 in sixth paragraph, June to July in 11th paragraph)) By Marc Frank HAVANA (Reuters) - The Trump administration has named career diplomat Philip Goldberg to head the all-but-abandoned U.S. embassy in Havana, according to three sources familiar with the matter, at a time of heightened tensions between the United States and Cuba. Goldberg has lengthy experience in a number of countries, and was described by a U.S. congressional aide on Monday as  career and the best of the best . But his appointment may ruffle feathers in Havana. He was expelled from Cuba s socialist ally Bolivia in 2008 for what President Evo Morales claimed was fomenting social unrest. The appointment has not been publicly announced. If approved by Cuba, Goldberg will arrive at a low moment in bilateral relations. The embassy was reopened in 2015 for the first time since 1961, as part of a fragile detente by former Democratic U.S. president Barack Obama. But the administration of Republican President Donald Trump has returned to Cold War characterizations of the Cuban government and imposed new restrictions on doing business in Cuba and travel. It has charged Cuba with responsibility for health problems affecting some two dozen diplomats or their family members, which it has termed attacks. Cuba denies the charges.  The U.S. embassy has been reduced to a skeleton staff and has suspended almost all visa processing after the Trump administration in October pulled 60 percent of embassy personnel and ordered a similar reduction at the Cuban embassy in Washington, expelling 15 diplomats. The position is not an ambassador role and does not need to be approved by the U.S. Congress. There has been no ambassador since the embassy re-opened, after the Republican-controlled Senate opposed Obama s pick. Instead, Goldberg will take over from Jeffrey DeLaurentis, who left in July, as Charge d Affaires. Goldberg s other previous posts include the chief of mission in Kosovo. Most recently he has been the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines.  Appointing Ambassador Goldberg to head the U.S. Embassy in Cuba is rather provocative since he was expelled from Bolivia,   American University professor of government William LeoGrande, a Cuba expert, said.  But Ambassador Goldberg is a Foreign Service professional and will ably represent the policies of Trump s administration. Time will tell if he has been instructed to follow in the footsteps of his predecessor ... or carry out a more hostile policy,  he said. The embassy was closed in 1961 when the United States broke diplomatic relations. The countries maintained lower level interests sections in each other s capitals from 1977 to 2015, under the auspices of Switzerland. ",1
13068,Jordan's king warns Trump over moving U.S. embassy to Jerusalem: palace,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan s King Abdullah told U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday that any move by the United States to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel would have  dangerous repercussions  for regional stability, a Jordanian palace statement said. Trump said he intended to go ahead with a decision to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem in a phone call to the king, according to the palace. The king was quoted as replying that any such decision would have  dangerous repercussions for the stability and security of the region  and would obstruct U.S. efforts for a resumption of Arab-Israeli peace talks.  It would also inflame Muslim and Christian feelings, he said.  U.S. endorsement of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would break with decades of U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city. Jordanian officials are worried the move could trigger violence in the Palestinian territories and a spillover into Jordan, a country where many people are descendants of Palestinian refugees whose families left after the creation of Israel in 1948. King Abdullah warned Trump of the risks of any decision that ran counter to a final settlement of the Arab-Israeli conflict based on the creation of an independent Palestinian state with its capital in East Jerusalem.  Jerusalem is the key to achieving peace and stability in the region and the world,  the statement said. The monarch also phoned Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and said they had to both work together to  confront the consequences of this decision.    King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman sensitive to any changes of status of the disputed city. The monarch warned of the repercussions of Trump s expected move in talks last week in Washington with top administration officials Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman al Safadi said his country planned to convene emergency meetings of the Arab League and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation next Saturday and Sunday on how to face the  dangerous  consequences of a U.S. decision.  These meetings will coordinate Arab and Islamic stances toward the imminent decision (by Trump) that will increase tensions in the region,  Safadi said . Jordan lost East Jerusalem and the West Bank to Israel during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war and says the city s fate should only be decided only at the end of a final settlement.  All international resolutions and agreements stipulate that the fate of Jerusalem should be decided in final status negotiation ... And all unilateral steps are considered null and void,  Safadi added. ",1
13069,Pentagon evaluating U.S. West Coast missile defense sites: officials,"SIMI VALLEY, Calif (Reuters) - The U.S. agency tasked with protecting the country from missile attacks is scouting the West Coast for places to deploy new anti-missile defenses, two Congressmen said on Saturday, as North Korea s missile tests raise concerns about how the United States would defend itself from an attack. West Coast defenses would likely include Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-ballistic missiles, similar to those deployed in South Korea to protect against a potential North Korean attack.   The accelerated pace of North Korea s ballistic missile testing program in 2017 and the likelihood the North Korean military could hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear payload in the next few years has raised the pressure on the United States government to build-up missile defenses.  On Wednesday, North Korea tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that can fly over 13,000 km (8,080 miles), placing Washington within target range, South Korea said on Friday. Republican party Congressman Mike Rogers, who sits on the House Armed Services Committee and chairs the Strategic Forces Subcommittee which oversees missile defense, said the Missile Defense Agency (MDA), was aiming to install extra defenses at West Coast sites. The funding for the system does not appear in the 2018 defense budget plan indicating potential deployment is further off.  It s just a matter of the location, and the MDA making a recommendation as to which site meets their criteria for location, but also the environmental impact,  the Alabama Congressman told Reuters during an interview on the sidelines of the annual Reagan National Defense Forum in southern California. After this story was published Congressman Rogers told Reuters in a statement he was  unaware of any effort by the Department of Defense to locate additional intermediate missile defense assets on the West Coast.  He added that his earlier comments to Reuters  should not be interpreted as confirmation of such an effort.  Reuters global head of communications, Abbe Serphos, said  We stand by our story.   When asked about the plan, MDA Deputy Director Rear Admiral Jon Hill  said in a statement:  The Missile Defense Agency has received no tasking to site the Terminal High Altitude Air Defense System on the West Coast.  The MDA is a unit of the U.S. Defense Department. Congressman Rogers did not reveal the exact locations the agency is considering but said several sites are  competing  for the missile defense installations. Rogers and Congressman Adam Smith, a Democrat representing the 9th District of Washington, said the government was considering installing the THAAD anti-missile system made by aerospace giant Lockheed Martin Corp, at west coast sites.  The Congressmen said the number of sites that may ultimately be deployed had yet to be determined. THAAD is a ground-based regional missile defense system designed to shoot down short-, medium- and intermediate-range ballistic missiles and takes only a matter of weeks to install.  In addition to the two THAAD systems deployed in South Korea and Guam in the Pacific, the U.S. has seven other THAAD systems. While some of the existing missiles are based in Fort Bliss, Texas, the system is highly mobile and current locations are not disclosed.  A Lockheed Martin representative declined to comment on specific THAAD deployments, but added that the company  is ready to support the Missile Defense Agency and the United States government in their ballistic missile defense efforts.  He added that testing and deployment of assets is a government decision. In July, the United States tested THAAD missile defenses and shot down a simulated, incoming intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM). The successful test adds to the credibility of the U.S. military s missile defense program, which has come under intense scrutiny in recent years due in part to test delays and failures. Currently, the continental United States is primarily shielded by the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system (GMD) in Alaska and California as well as the Aegis system deployed aboard U.S. Navy ships. The THAAD system has a far higher testing success rate than the GMD. The MDA told Congress in June that it planned to deliver 52 more THAAD interceptors to the U.S. Army between October 2017 and September 2018, bringing total deliveries to 210 since May 2011. North Korea s latest missile test puts the U.S. capital within range, but Pyongyang still needs to prove it has mastered critical missile technology, such as re-entry, terminal stage guidance and warhead activation, South Korea said on Friday. ",1
13070,Nigeria's Senate to probe police brutality allegations,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Lawmakers in the upper house of Nigeria s parliament voted on Tuesday to launch an investigation into alleged acts of brutality by a specialist unit of the police. The move follows a social media campaign calling for the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) to be scrapped. The campaign, which has gathered pace in the last few days, involves people sharing stories of alleged maltreatment by the unit s officers. Nigeria s police force has been dogged by allegations of human rights abuses for years. It has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. The Senate said lawmakers on a security committee would consider the claims about SARS.  The committee has been mandated to look into allegations of human rights abuses raised by the general public, make relevant recommendations, and include it in its final report,  the Senate said in a statement posted on its official Twitter feed. The inspector general, who heads the Nigeria Police Force, on Monday announced the immediate re-organization of SARS nationwide. He ordered an  investigation into all the allegations, complaints and infractions  leveled against the unit. Ibrahim Idris, the police chief, also said the division was responsible for a  drastic reduction  in armed robberies, kidnappings and cattle rustling nationwide. ",1
13071,'Deadline of deadlines' in Brexit divorce talks this week,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Theresa May must deliver her offer on a Brexit divorce package this week if she wants European Union leaders to grant Britain s request for talks on future free trade when they meet next week, EU diplomats and officials said on Tuesday. Failure could mean a delay until February, adding to the risk of businesses scaling back investment plans in Britain as uncertainty clouds the outlook beyond Brexit in March 2019.  The  deadline of deadlines  is this week,  one senior EU diplomat said, a day after the prime minister had to leave Brussels empty-handed when her Northern Irish allies denounced an offer on the border with Ireland as she was presenting it. May has found it difficult to come up with a formula that satisfies both EU member Ireland, which wants to avoid creation of a  hard  border, and Northern Ireland s DUP party which says the British province must quit the EU on the same terms as the rest of the UK.  A tentative deal on the border, promising  regulatory alignment  on both sides of the island of Ireland, was agreed on Monday. But it was later rejected by the DUP which says it can not allow any divergence in regulation between Northern Ireland and other parts of the UK. Brussels officials said they had no reason to doubt the confidence being expressed in London that May would sort out the hitch in the coming days and expect her to return to brief EU Brexit negotiators as early as Wednesday.  But, they warn, other member states, including powerhouses Germany and France, are growing nervous that they will not have enough time to scrutinize draft guidelines for the trade negotiations if they do not receive them a week before a summit next Friday at which leaders would approve them.  If a proposal doesn t come this week, the EU 27 won t have enough time to prepare new guidelines for the summit,  the diplomat said. Some leaders had already grumbled that the deadline missed on Monday was too tight. And if governments refuse to sign off on proposals for what the EU should seek in a post-Brexit free trade deal with London, then May s hopes of being able to show those guidelines at home as a trophy won in exchange for giving in to most of the EU s divorce demands would be thwarted. If the trade offer cannot be made at the Dec. 15 summit, a senior EU official said, the whole process might have to be put back until February - a delay which could increase pressure at home on May and raise a risk of disrupting the existing process. Summit chair Donald Tusk said on Monday he had been planning to distribute his draft negotiating guidelines to member states on Tuesday, had the EU executive s negotiator Michel Barnier given the crucial signal that Britain had made  sufficient progress  on three key elements of the divorce. Bound by previous EU internal agreements not to share the draft until May has formally committed Britain to covering outstanding EU payments, guaranteeing EU citizens  rights and an open border for Northern Ireland, Tusk must now wait until May returns and EU negotiator Michel Barnier has signed off a deal. The guidelines, which are likely to include a commitment to the two-year, status-quo transition period May asked for, will then be scrutinized closely in EU capitals. The other 27 have held a common front on making Britain pay for past commitments, but all have varying interests in a trade deal and so will want time to ensure the guidelines defend their own positions. Leaders  advisers, known as  sherpas , meet in Brussels in Monday to prepare the summit. The less time they have to digest Tusk s draft negotiating guidelines, the shorter and less detailed those are likely to be, said EU officials who expect a further more detailed set of guidelines to be prepared later. ",1
13072,Countdown to Brexit breakthrough?,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Here is a timeline of the coming few days that will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future:  May wants the EU to open the second phase of Brexit negotiations concerning relations after Britain s withdrawal on March 30, 2019. The EU will only do that if there is  sufficient progress  in agreeing  divorce  terms, notably on three key issues: a financial settlement, guaranteed rights for EU citizens in Britain and a  soft border  with Ireland. A deal on money is effectively done, EU officials said last week. There are indications of agreement on citizens  rights. But opposition from British Prime Minister Theresa May s key allies in Northern Ireland to treating the province differently from the mainland in a bid to maintain an open EU land border with EU-member Ireland scuppered a deal on Monday. As part of the  choreography  for a political deal, the EU set May an  absolute deadline  of Monday to provide new offers in time for the other EU leaders to approve a move to Phase 2 at a summit of the EU-27 on Dec. 15. That is now pushed back till the end of the week, EU officials say. May is pushing for a simultaneous, reciprocal guarantee from the EU of a soft transition and future trade deal, which she may use to show Britons what her compromises have secured. The EU wants to have firm British offers which the 27 can discuss before leaders commit. The result is some complex dance steps: Wednesday, Dec. 6? May is expected to return to Brussels as soon as Wednesday. If European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier emerge from the meeting to pronounce that  sufficient progress  has been made, summit chair Donald Tusk will then distribute draft guidelines for the EU negotiating position in trade talks to the other 27 governments. Monday, Dec.  11 EU-27 sherpas meet to prepare the summit - a key moment for national leaders  advisers to seek changes to guidelines. Tuesday, Dec. 12 EU affairs ministers of EU-27 meet to prepare summit. Thursday, Dec. 14 4 p.m. - May attends routine EU summit in Brussels. Defense, social affairs, foreign affairs and migration are on the agenda. Friday, Dec. 15 After May has left, EU-27 leaders hold Brexit summit. If they have had enough time, they could acknowledge sufficient progress and endorse the trade negotiating guidelines, including proposed terms for a two-year, status-quo transition period. January - Outline of EU transition offer, to be included in the 2019 withdrawal treaty may be ready. Under it, Britain is likely to retain most rights except voting in the bloc, and meet all its obligations until the end of 2020. February - After fine-tuning their negotiating position, EU-27 may be ready to open talks with London on a free trade pact that Brussels likens to one it has with Canada. The EU estimated at some 60 billion euros ($71 billion) what Britain should pay to cover outstanding obligations on leaving. EU officials say there is now agreement after Britain offered to pay an agreed share of most of the items Brussels wanted, especially for committed spending that will go on after 2020. Both sides say there is no precise figure as much depends on future developments. British newspaper reports that it would cost up to 55 billion euros sparked only muted criticism from May s hardline pro-Brexit allies who once rejected big payments. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Saturday that London would be paying the EU 60 billion euros on Brexit. Barnier is still seeking a commitment that the rights of 3 million EU citizens who stay on in Britain after Brexit will be guaranteed by the European Court of Justice, not just by British judges. May has said the ECJ should play no more role in Britain. But the issue could be vital to ensure ratification of the withdrawal treaty by the European Parliament. EU officials say a compromise may be to let the Luxembourg-based ECJ oversee cases on citizens rights for only a few years after Brexit. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said London agreed on Monday that Northern Ireland, a British province, would remain in  regulatory alignment  with the EU, and hence the Irish Republic, to ensure there was no  hard border  with police and customs checks that could disrupt peace. However, a hostile reaction from May s pro-Brexit and pro-London allies in Northern Ireland, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), on whom she depends for her slim parliamentary majority, caused her to hold off agreeing the package deal with Juncker. The DUP and many in May s own party fear that means separating the province from the British mainland - or forcing EU rules onto the whole of the UK. Leaders of mainland regions Scotland, Wales and London leapt on the deal to demand similar freedom to perhaps remain in the EU customs union or single market, giving May a new headache.  Varadkar said he is willing to see changes in the text - but not something that would change its actual meaning.  ",1
13073,Saudi says most people detained in anti-corruption sweep have settled,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s public prosecutor said on Tuesday most of the people detained in a sweeping anti-corruption campaign launched last month have agreed to settlements to avoid prosecution while the rest could be held for months. In a statement, the public prosecutor said a total of 320 people had been subpoenaed to provide information about alleged graft while 159 remain in detention and  a number  of them have been referred for judicial action. Saudi security forces have rounded up members of the political and business elite, including princes and tycoons, holding them in Riyadh s opulent Ritz Carlton hotel on the orders of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in what was billed as a war on rampant corruption. The purge has caused concern about damage to the economy especially among foreign investors the kingdom is seeking to attract to develop its economy away from oil. But the government has insisted it is respecting due process and that the companies of detained businessmen will continue operating normally. The allegations, which could not be verified, include kickbacks, inflating government contracts, extortion and bribery. A Saudi minister told Reuters on Monday that the main wave of arrests was over and the authorities were preparing to channel an estimated $50-$100 billion of seized funds into economic development projects.  The first financial settlements were brokered last week with senior Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, once seen as a leading contender for the throne, being freed after agreeing to pay over $1 billion, officials said. [L8N1NZ07R] The public prosecutor said the anti-corruption committee headed by 32-year-old Prince Mohammed, the king s favored son also known as MbS, was expected to finish the settlement phase within a few weeks.  The Committee has followed internationally applied procedures by negotiating with the detainees and offering them a settlement that will facilitate recouping the State s funds and assets, and eliminate the need for a prolonged litigation.  Detainees are free to contact whomever they like and to reject any settlement offers, the statement said. Those who sign deals are recommended for pardon and an end to criminal litigation. People who refuse to settle are referred to the public prosecutor for additional investigation and potential prosecution, the statement said. They can be held for up to six months with the possibility of court-ordered extension. MbS said in a New York Times interview last month that about one percent of detainees were able to prove they are clean, four percent wanted to go to court and the rest had agreed to settle. While some individuals have been identified - like Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, the kingdom s best known businessman - most remain unnamed. A Paris-based French diplomatic source told Reuters at least one of those held at the Ritz is a Franco-Saudi national.  We were informed by the family of the arrest of one of our compatriots in Saudi Arabia and we asked for information from the Saudi authorities in view of offering consular protection in line with the Vienna convention,  the diplomat said. The public prosecutor also said the bank accounts of 376 people in detention and others related remain frozen, down from over 2,000 a few weeks ago. The arrest of royals and top business elite capped a frenetic period of almost three years of growing power by MbS who also oversees the defense and oil strategy. Critics say the government s campaign amounts to a shakedown and is aimed at shoring up the crown prince s power base as he exerts control over the world s leading oil exporter. The authorities deny those claims. ",1
13074,Saudi king warns Trump against U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman told U.S. President Donald Trump that any decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached will inflame the feelings of Muslims, Saudi state-owned media said on Tuesday. They said that King Salman had received a telephone call from Trump about developments in the region and the world.  The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques asserted to His Excellency the U.S. president that any American announcement regarding the situation of Jerusalem prior to reaching a permanent settlement will harm peace talks and increase tensions in the area,  state news agency SPA said. It quoted King Salman as saying that Saudi Arabia supported the Palestinian people and their historic rights and asserted that  such a dangerous step is likely to inflame the passions of Muslims around the world due to the great status of Jerusalem and the al-Aqsa mosque...  ",1
13075,Russia designates Radio Free Europe and Voice of America as 'foreign agents',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia designated Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) and Voice of America (VOA) as  foreign agents  on Tuesday, a move aimed at complicating their work in retaliation for what Moscow says is unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. Russia s broadside is likely to further sour battered U.S.-Russia relations and is part of the fallout from allegations that the Kremlin meddled in the U.S. presidential election last year in Donald Trump s favor, something Moscow denies.  U.S. intelligence officials accused the Kremlin of using Russian media it finances to influence U.S. voters, and Russian state broadcaster RT last month reluctantly complied with a U.S. request to register a U.S.-based affiliate as a  foreign agent  under the Foreign Agent Registration Act.  The Kremlin called the move an attack on free speech and says the new media law in Russia, which Western critics have called a disproportionate response, is retaliation. Moscow s response was widely trailed. Russian lawmakers rushed through the necessary legislation last month and President Vladimir Putin signed off on it on Nov. 25. Russia s justice ministry said in a statement on its website on Tuesday it had now formally designated U.S. government-sponsored VOA and RFE/RL, along with seven separate Russian or local-language news outlets run by RFE/RL, as  fulfilling the role of foreign agents . RFE/RL President Thomas Kent said in a video statement his organization was committed to continuing its journalistic work in Russia, but was expecting  even more limitations on the work of our company .  So far the full nature of these limitations is unknown,  said Kent.  We will study carefully all communications from the ministry and other Russian official organizations.  VOA Director Amanda Bennett told Reuters her organization also thought it was unclear what new curbs it would face.  The new designation subjects affected U.S.-backed news outlets to the same requirements that are applied to foreign-funded non-governmental organizations under a 2012 law. Under that law,  foreign agents  must include in any information they publish or broadcast to Russian audiences a mention of their  foreign agent  designation. They also must apply for inclusion in a government register, submit regular reports on their sources of funding, on their objectives, on how they spend their money, and who their managers are. They can be subject to spot checks by the authorities to make sure they comply with the rules, according to the 2012 law, which has forced some NGOs to close. One of the seven outlets on the justice ministry list provides news on Crimea, which Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014, one on Siberia, and one on the predominantly Muslim North Caucasus region. Another covers provincial Russia, one is an online TV station, another covers the mostly Muslim region of Tatarstan, and the other is a news portal that fact-checks the statements of Russian officials. ",1
13076,"After Africa trip, France's Macron breaks 50 percent popularity rating","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron s popularity rose above 50 percent for the first time since he was elected in May with people approving of the way he defends the country s interests abroad, a poll showed on Tuesday. The poll, conducted by Ifop-Fiducial for Paris Match magazine, saw the head of state s popularity jump 6 percent compared to the same survey in November.  It comes after Macron undertook a three-day tour to Africa promising a break from the past. During the trip, he was praised for his direct approach with students at a university in Burkina Faso.  The French appreciate his way of making contact with people and to speak openly even if he didn t announce anything,  said IFOP s deputy chief Frederic Dabi. Seventy-three percent of the 978 people surveyed said Macron defended the country s interests well, a 5 percent rise from November. The jump in popularity also comes at a time when the French right is more fractured than at almost any point in the modern-day Fifth Republic, leaving opposition to Macron negligible. On the negative side, 57 percent of people said they believed that Macron was not in tune with the concerns of the French. The poll, carried out between December 1-2, said that some 42 percent of people saw the far-left Insoumise party as the main opposition to Macron compared to just 22 percent for the conservative The Republicans and 21 percent for the far-right National Front. ",1
13077,U.S. Embassy move can be done in 'two minutes': Jerusalem mayor,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat said on Tuesday that moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to the holy city can take  two minutes . Senior U.S. officials have said President Donald Trump is likely on Wednesday to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital while delaying relocating the embassy from Tel Aviv for another six months, though he is expected to order his aides to begin planning such a move immediately.      The officials said, however, that no final decisions have been made as an outcry grew across the Middle East and among world powers against any unilateral U.S. decision on Jerusalem. Barkat said the United States would only have to convert one of its existing assets in the city, such as its consulate located in West Jerusalem.   They just take the symbol of the consulate and switch it to the embassy symbol - two American Marines can do it in two minutes, and give the ambassador David Friedman a space to sit in,  Barkat told Israel Radio.   The implementation of this decision is immediate and then later slowly start moving the employees in a more structured manner to begin providing services in Jerusalem,  Barkat said.  The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks in decades of on-and-off Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.  The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Israel considers all of the city its indivisible, eternal capital. Jerusalem is home to sites holy to Islam, Judaism and Christianity Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East War and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally.  U.S. endorsement of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital would break with decades of U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians.  ",1
13078,"Jordan to convene Arab League, OIC meetings over Trump's Jerusalem moves: foreign minister","AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan plans to convene emergency meetings of the Arab League and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation next Saturday and Sunday on how to face the  dangerous  consequences of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move Washington s embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, the foreign minister said. The kingdom is holding consultations with Arab League members in its capacity as president of the Arab summit and also with Turkey which holds the chairmanship of the OIC, Jordanian Foreign Minister Ayman al Safadi told Reuters.  These meetings will coordinate Arab and Islamic stances toward the (Trump) decision.. Jerusalem is a Palestinian, Jordanian, Islamic, and Christian issue and any attempts to decide its fate unilaterally are null and void,  Safadi said.  ",1
13079,Spain withdraws international arrest warrant for former Catalan leader,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Supreme Court on Tuesday withdrew an international arrest warrant for Catalonia s former leader, now in self-imposed exile in Belgium after an illegal independence referendum, in a move to bring his case back solely into Spanish jurisdiction. Carles Puigdemont and four of his cabinet members went to Belgium when Madrid imposed direct rule on the wealthy northeastern region after an Oct. 27 declaration of independence by his local government. The decision to withdraw the warrant leaves Puigdemont without an international legal stage on which to pursue his independence campaign. He is likely to be detained if he returns to Spain, pending investigation on charges of sedition, rebellion, misuse of public funds, disobedience and breach of trust. The battle between Madrid and Catalan secessionists has hurt the Spanish economy and prompted thousands of companies to shift their legal headquarters outside of Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy. On Tuesday, campaigning began for the Dec. 21 Catalan regional election that Madrid called in an attempt to resolve the crisis by installing an administration in favor of Spanish unity. However, pro-independence parties view the election as a proxy vote on a split from Spain. Polls show the two sides neck and neck on a high turnout. A Spanish court issued the international arrest warrant for Puigdemont on Nov. 3. On Monday, a Spanish court declared it would keep Puigdemont s former vice president, Oriol Junqueras, in custody in Madrid while he is investigated for his role in preparing the independence referendum. Removing the international warrant takes Belgium s legal system out of Puigdemont s case. Months of legal wrangling would have ensued if appeals against his extradition were moved through the Belgian courts. Investigating magistrate Pablo Llarena of the Supreme Court said it was important that just one legal entity oversaw proceedings against the former independence leaders to ensure they get equal treatment. The Brussels prosecutor s office said in a statement it had received the Spanish Supreme Court s decision and on Wednesday it would ask the judge to re-examine the extradition process. The judge would set a date for a hearing at which they  will have no choice but to declare the affair void,  the statement said. Afterwards, Puigdemont would be able to leave Belgium. Puigdemont s lawyer, Paul Bekaert, said legal proceedings in Belgium were now over. Puigdemont would be arrested if he went to Spain, he said. The Spanish court said Puigdemont and his cabinet members had shown a willingness to return from Belgium to Spain to take part in the election. Puigdemont gave a televised address from Belgium at a campaign rally on Monday, telling the central government in Madrid that his party would win the election.  I m very sorry I can t be with you now,  he said to cheers from members of his pro-independence Junts per Catalunya party, which organized the rally. ",1
13080,Gulf rulers boycotting Qatar skip annual summit,"KUWAIT (Reuters) - Qatar s Emir said on Tuesday he hoped a summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) in Kuwait would help maintain stability in the region, Al-Jazeera TV said, though three Arab heads of state involved in a rift with Qatar stayed away. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Bahrain sent ministers or deputy prime ministers to the annual event. The countries and non-GCC member Egypt have imposed economic, diplomatic and trade sanctions on Qatar in a dispute that began in June. Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said the summit took place in  highly sensitive circumstances . He and Kuwait s Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber al-Sabah were the only heads of state to attend the meeting.  I am full of hope that the summit will lead to results that will maintain the security of the Gulf and its stability,  Tamim said, according to the Doha-based Al-Jazeera. Sheikh Sabah said in a speech at the end of the summit:  We proved once again the resilience of our Gulf institution and its ability to be steadfast, simply by holding into the mechanism of convening these meetings.  In his opening speech, the Kuwaiti ruler called for a mechanism to be set up in the Western-backed grouping to resolve disputes among its members. Relations within the Gulf have soured since the four Arab states accused Qatar of supporting terrorism. Qatar denies the charges. Kuwait, which had spearheaded unsuccessful mediation efforts since the rift began, had hoped the summit would give leaders a chance to meet face-to-face, two Gulf diplomats said. Earlier, the UAE said it would set up a bilateral cooperation committee with Saudi Arabia, separate from the GCC, on political, economic and military issues.    UAE president Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan said the new committee would be chaired by Abu Dhabi s crown prince, Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan, Mohammed Bin Zayed, state news agency WAM reported. Saudi Arabia has not yet commented.   The proposal coincides with an escalation in a conflict in Yemen that involves Saudi Arabia and UAE. Veteran former president Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed in a roadside attack on Monday after switching sides in the war and abandoning his Iran-aligned Houthi allies in favor of a Saudi-led coalition.       The GCC was founded in 1980 as a bulwark against bigger neighbors Iran and Iraq. ",1
13081,"Poland's PiS may sack PM Szydlo, replace with finance minister: sources","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party may replace Prime Minister Beata Szydlo next week with her government s finance chief, Mateusz Morawiecki, to prepare for a series of elections in coming years, political sources said. Since the eurosceptic PiS won power two years ago, Szydlo, 54, has overseen sweeping changes to state institutions in Poland, which critics in the European Union and Washington say have undermined democracy and the rule of law.  Despite the criticism, her conservative government is one of the most popular in Poland since the 1989 collapse of communism, largely due to low unemployment, increases in public spending and a focus on traditional Catholic values in public life. Senior PiS officials have said, however, that a change was needed to prepare the party - led by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Poland s paramount politician - for a string of elections in the next three years. Local elections will be held in 2018, parliamentary in 2019 and presidential in 2020.  It s been obvious for a long time that there was no  internal communication in the government and individual ministers were often following their own agenda,  said one high-ranked official. PiS spokeswoman Beata Mazurek declined to say when a reshuffle could take place and whether Szydlo would be removed. But she told journalists it is not a  secret  that Morawiecki has been a candidate.  We are talking about goals for the future,  Mazurek said.  It is not about something  new , but about what tasks are ahead of us and they are related to the economy - and Deputy Prime Minister Morawiecki is responsible for the economy.  Morawiecki, 49, an ex-banker who is also a deputy prime minister, is broadly considered as  anointed  by Kaczynski, while Szydlo lacks the full trust of the party s chairman, analysts said. As finance minister, Morawiecki has overseen a rise in value-added tax collection of more than 20 percent so far this year, helping fund the government s popular child-subsidy program, cheaper medicine for the elderly, and a cut in the retirement age. He has also pledged billions of euros worth of investment in the economy - a mix of EU funds, and public and private investment.  But public investment has faltered and has been slowly recovering only this year, still below expectations. Private investment has been sluggish, with companies worrying about tax burdens and changing legal frameworks as factors keeping them from pumping money into their businesses.  The prime minister and Morawiecki have fought for control over the largest state-owned companies. The conflict became public this year during the selection process for the chief executive of PZU, central Europe s biggest insurance company. After weeks of media speculation over a possible government reshuffle, Szydlo wrote on Twitter late on Monday that  no matter what happens, Poland is most important , fuelling talk she might lose her job.  At the beginning of next week, there will most likely be changes in the government,  a high-ranking PiS source told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity.  Everything points to Mateusz Morawiecki becoming the new prime minister.  Three other PiS and government sources confirmed the information, with a government official saying that  the final decision has not yet been made .  Market reaction has been muted with analysts saying Morawiecki would likely maintain the government s economic policy.  Whoever were to become the prime minister, I do not expect significant changes in economic policy. It is more a matter of whether the new government exhibits a more or a less confrontational attitude towards the EU,  said Piotr Bielski, a head analyst at bank BZ WBK.    ",1
13082,"Coalition says fewer than 3,000 IS fighters remain in Iraq and Syria","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United States-led international coalition fighting Islamic State estimates that fewer than 3,000 fighters belonging to the hardline Sunni militant group remain in Iraq and Syria, its spokesman said on Tuesday. Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate has crumbled this year in Syria and Iraq, with the group losing the cities of Mosul, Raqqa and swathes of other territory.  Current estimates are that there are less than 3,000 #Daesh fighters left - they still remain a threat, but we will continue to support our partner forces to defeat them,  U.S. Army Colonel Ryan Dillon tweeted, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. Dillon s tweet was part of his responses to an online question and answer session in which he also said the coalition had trained 125,000 members of Iraqi security forces, 22,000 of which were Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. When asked if the United States planned to build permanent military bases in Iraq or Syria the defeat of Islamic State, Dillon said it would not.  No - the Government of #Iraq knows where and how many from Coalition are here to support operation to defeat #Daesh; all bases are #Iraqi led,  he tweeted. The coalition will begin a transition from focusing on retaking territory to consolidating gains, it later said in a statement following a meeting of its leaders with Iraqi military commanders.  We will continue to support our Iraqi partners in the battle against ISIS (Islamic State) with training, equipment, advice and assistance,  said Major General Felix Gedney, the coalition s Deputy Commander for Strategy and Support.  The next phase will focus on the provision of lasting security, while developing Iraqi sustainability and self-sufficiency,  he said. The coalition was responsible for  liberating more than 4.5 million Iraqis and over 52,200 square kilometres of territory,  the statement said. It has come under fire, however, for the number of civilian casualties resulting from the air strikes it carries out in support of local forces. The coalition says its strikes have unintentionally killed at least 801 civilians between August 2014 and October 2017, a far lower figure than figures provided by monitoring groups. The monitoring group Airwars says at least 5,961 civilians have been killed by coalition air strikes.  The coalition says it goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties and that it is still assessing 695 reports of such casualties from strikes in Iraq and in Syria. ",1
13083,Exiled son of Yemen's Saleh takes up anti-Houthi cause,"SANAA/DUBAI (Reuters) - The powerful exiled son of Yemen s slain ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh vowed on Tuesday to lead a campaign against the Houthi movement that killed his father after he switched sides in the civil war. The intervention by Ahmed Ali Saleh, a former leader of the elite Republican Guard once seen as a likely successor to his father, gives the anti-Houthi movement in Sanaa a potential figurehead, after a week of fighting that saw the Houthis rout Saleh s supporters in the capital. Yemen s war, pitting the Iran-allied Houthis who control Sanaa against a Saudi-led military alliance backing a government based in the south, has brought what the United Nations calls the world s worst humanitarian crisis. The world body says millions of people may die in one of the worst famines of modern times, caused by warring parties blocking food supplies. Saleh had helped the Houthis win control of much of the country s north including Sanaa, and his decision to switch allegiances and abandon the Houthis in the past week was the most dramatic change on the battlefield in years. But the Houthis swiftly crushed a pro-Saleh uprising in the capital and shot him dead in an attack on his convoy. Tens of thousands of Houthi supporters staged a rally in the capital on Tuesday to show support for their leader and celebrate the death of Saleh. They chanted slogans against Saudi Arabia and its allies.  Mahmoud Ali al-Houthi, head of the movement s Revolutionary Committee, denied allegations that the group was executing members of Saleh s party after their capture:  We have been treating some of Saleh s sons and we haven t executed them,  he told the crowd.  Sanaa saw no fresh fighting on Tuesday after five days of combat that the Red Cross said killed more than 230 people. The Saudi-led coalition struck the city with 25 air strikes overnight, but U.N. and Red Cross aid flights were able to land at the airport, U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said.  People are now emerging from their houses after five days being locked down basically as prisoners,  McGoldrick told a U.N. briefing by phone from Sanaa.  They are now seeking safety, moving their families in case things erupt again and at the same time seeking medical treatment and trying to pacify very terrified kids who have endured five days of relentless shelling, shooting and ground fire and air strikes.  The Saudi cabinet, in a statement that did not mention Saleh by name, said it hoped the Sanaa uprising against the Houthis would  help rid sisterly Yemen of repression, death threats, ... explosions and seizure of private and public property . The death of Saleh, who once compared ruling Yemen to dancing on the heads of snakes, deepens the complexity of the multi-sided war. Much is likely to depend on the future allegiances of his loyalists, who had previously helped the armed Houthi group, which hails from the Zaidi branch of Shi ite Islam that ruled a thousand-year kingdom in northern Yemen until 1962. In a statement sent to Reuters by an aide, his son said his father was killed at  the hands of the enemies of God and the country . Ahmed Ali said he would  confront the enemies of the homeland and humanity, who are trying to obliterate its identity and its gains and to humiliate Yemen and Yemenis . In an earlier statement carried by Saudi state media, Ahmed Ali said he would lead  the battle until the last Houthi is thrown out of Yemen ... the blood of my father will be hell ringing in the ears of Iran.  The Arabian peninsula s poorest country, Yemen is one of the most violent fronts in a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran, who have also backed opposing sides in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere across the Middle East.  The Saudi-led coalition appears to have been counting on Saleh s decision to switch sides to tip the balance of the war. Saleh, who ruled in Sanaa from 1978-2012, had a strong following in Yemen, including army officers and armed tribal leaders who once served under him. During the years the ex-president was allied to the Houthis, Yemeni political sources say Ahmed Ali was living incommunicado under house arrest at a guarded villa in the UAE capital Abu Dhabi, where he had served as ambassador. The UAE is a key member of the mostly Gulf Arab alliance that sees the Houthis as a proxy of their arch-enemy Iran. The Gulf countries had struggled to make gains against the Houthi-Saleh alliance despite thousands of air strikes backed by Western arms and intelligence. They have used their air and sea power to tightly restrict imports, action that the United Nations says could lead to mass hunger. Ahmed Ali may be the family s last chance to win back influence. A nephew of the former leader, Tareq Mohammed Abdullah Saleh, a senior military commander, was also killed during clashes with the Houthis, Saleh s party said on Tuesday. Residents reported that fighting had subsided but that  Saudi-led coalition jets pounded several targets, including the downtown presidential palace where a governing body led by Houthi-Saleh politicians had regularly convened. The Houthi leader, Abdul Malek al-Houthi, hailed Saleh s death in a speech on Monday as a victory against a treasonous conspiracy by Yemen s Saudi enemies and called for Tuesday s mass rally at a parade ground near the site of the air strikes. In the southern city of Aden, where the Saudi-backed government is based, residents set off fireworks and expressed joy. Saleh was hated throughout southern Yemen after he launched a war to unify the country in 1994, lobbing ballistic missiles at the city. But his legacy is mixed. He is still loved in much of the north and many supporters will bear a grudge towards his killers. Some feared Saleh s death would only create more instability in Yemen.  We expect things will get worse for us. This will be the beginning of a new conflict and more bloodshed. The war will not end soon,  said Aswan Abdu Khalid, an academic at the psychology department at the University of Aden. ",1
13084,Russian long-range bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six Russian long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province, Russian news agencies quoted Russia s Defence Ministry as saying on Tuesday.   The TU-22M3 bombers took off from a base in Russia, flew to Syria and bombed IS targets as well as weapons and ammunitions depots, they said. It was unclear when the bombing run was carried out. ",1
13085,"Abbas asks Pope, world powers, to intervene against U.S. Embassy move: spokesman","RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday urged the Pope and the leaders of Russia, France and Jordan to intervene against Trump s declared intention to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, Abbas s spokesman said.  President Abbas spoke after his call with President Trump with the presidents of Russia and France, with the Pope and with King Abdullah of Jordan. He told them such a move was rejected and he urged them to intervene to prevent it from happening,  Nabil Abu Rdainah told Reuters. He said Abbas was not informed about the timing of the planned transfer of the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ",1
13086,Russia's Putin tells Palestinians' Abbas he supports talks on Jerusalem - Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin phoned Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday to tell him Moscow backs a resumption of talks between Israel and Palestinian authorities, including on the status of Jerusalem, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. No other details on the issue were provided.  Earlier on Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump told Abbas that he intends to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem amid a growing outcry across the Middle East against any unilateral U.S. decision on the ancient city. ",1
13087,Britain says 'conceivable' Manchester attack might have been stopped,"LONDON (Reuters) - A suicide attack at a pop concert in Manchester that killed 22 people in May might have been prevented if the security services had responded differently to intelligence in the months before the attack, a government report has found.  Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old Briton born to Libyan parents, blew himself up at the end of a show by U.S. singer Ariana Grande in the deadliest militant attack in Britain for 12 years. His victims included seven children. A government-commissioned report by David Anderson, the former independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, found security services were passed two pieces of information on the  bomber earlier this year.  The report said security services did not consider the intelligence terror-related at the time, but now says it was  highly relevant .  It is conceivable that the Manchester attack in particular might have been averted had the cards fallen differently,  the report said. The finding follows a review of the roles of the security services in four attacks in London and Manchester between March and June this year that left 36 innocent people dead.  Three of the six attackers were known to the security services, but only person was under active investigation, the report said. Overall, it said Britain s security services had performed well amid a growing threat from Islamist militants.   It is not the purpose of the internal reviews, or of this report, to cast or apportion blame. But though investigative actions were for the most part sound, many learning points have emerged,  the report said. Britain has thwarted nine plots in the last 12 months, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Tuesday.  Interior minister Amber Rudd told parliament the intelligence services and counter-terrorism police are currently carrying out over 500 live investigations, up a third since the beginning of the year and are investigating over 3,000 people.     The review found that Abedi was one of a small group of former suspects of interest whom Britain s security services were considering investigating further.  A meeting was due to be held to discuss the potential threat on May 31 - nine days after the attack on the Manchester Arena.  ",1
13088,Trump speaks with Palestinian leader Abbas - source,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday amid reports the United States is planning to formally recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, a source familiar with the call told Reuters. A senior administration official said last week that Trump would likely make the announcement on Wednesday, a decision that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East. Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner said the president had not yet made a final decision. ",1
13089,"U.N. rights forum condemns crimes against Rohingya, seeks access, justice","GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday condemned  the very likely commission of crimes against humanity  against Rohingya in Myanmar and called on the government to ensure justice for victims and access for U.N. investigators and aid workers. The 47 member forum adopted a resolution brought by Bangladesh, which is sheltering 626,000 Muslim Rohingyas who fled violence that erupted in northern Rakhine state in August. The vote was 33 in favor, three against including China, with nine abstentions, and two delegations absent. Myanmar s ambassador Htin Lynn told the Geneva forum that his government  disassociated  itself from the resolution.  Politicisation and partiality seem to be taking root in our work...Any effort by the international community should not be fanning the flames on the ground,  he said. ",1
13090,'Expats go home': Amsterdam's visitor boom angers locals,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch politicians gave each other high-fives when they won a contest to host the European Medicines Agency last month, but not everyone in the capital is celebrating the expected influx of highly-paid pharmaceutical experts. Amsterdam s residents and media, already sick of the numbers of tourists searching out stag-do strip joints on their streets, are increasingly vexed about another group of visitors - white-collar, expatriate workers.  A Nice Brexit Trophy, But Can The City Handle It?  newspaper NRC Handelsblad said in a headline, referring to the decision to move the regulatory agency from London to Amsterdam after Britain leaves the EU. The EMA will come with around 900 staff - a wonderful economic boost, according to supporters of the move. Detractors say it s just another group of foreigners with big pay packets driving up rents and property prices.  Home Buyers Will Pay The Price For Drugs Agency In Amsterdam,  said national broadcaster NOS. On social media, many also mourned the death of the city s free-wheeling and edgy spirit, killed off, they said, by the likes of the EMA s army of bureaucrats. The sanitation of Amsterdam has been going on for more than a decade.  Advertising campaigns have focused on the city s canals, the Anne Frank House, the museums packed with Van Gogh and Rembrandt s greatest works.     Legislators have helped the re-branding by shuttering a third of the city s brothels in 2008 and starting a program to close marijuana cafes near schools in 2011. The number of overnight tourists nearly doubled from 2011 to 2016, according to Amsterdam Marketing. Amsterdam and its 850,000 residents now welcome more than 6 million foreign tourists a year. That has all coincided with a surge in the number of well-heeled expatriates - numbers have also doubled to 77,000 in 2015 from 39,000 in 2009, according to the city s statistics office.   Amsterdam has always been an open city,  said Reinier van Dantzig, leader of the largest faction in city parliament from the centrist D-66 party.     Immigrants were an integral part of the city s 17th-Century golden age and were continuing to contribute to the current economic boom, he added.   That s why I have such difficulty with people who say that people from outside who want to become Amsterdammers would be some kind of danger - I think they re an addition.  The city, he said, was building housing for 70,000 more people, with extra space allotted to apartments for low and medium-income families. Too little, too late for Danielle van Diemen, a 5th-generation Amsterdammer.  The city is being defined by a mix of Western foreigners who think that Amsterdam is edgy but that s no longer true,  she said, pointing to a ban on squatting that went into effect in 2010.  The gap between wealthy expats who don t speak Dutch and locals is all but unbridgeable, she added.  So: expats go home and leave the city to us.   I am like a visitor in my own neighborhood,  said Bert Nap, who lives near the center.  We have lost all our bakers and other shops to tourism-orientated shops,  he added, echoing complaints across Europe s holiday hotspots. A survey by apartment-searching website Nestpick in April ranked Amsterdam #1 on its global list of best cities for millennials, citing its tolerance, night life and thriving startup scene.  These people have qualifications, they have skills, they are networked, and so the fact is that they compete for houses and jobs with people who don t have those qualifications,  said Jan Rath, a sociology professor at the University of Amsterdam.  You could argue that what s happening ... is actually a replacement of the population  he said. Real estate prices have soared, leading to a squeeze on unskilled workers, whether they are native Dutch or Turkish and Moroccan immigrants. According to Statistics Netherlands (CBS), 40 percent of young couples leave the city within four years of having their first child, driven out by the lack of affordable housing. Resentment also stems from a policy that allows skilled immigrants to receive 30 percent of their income tax-free. On a salary of 100,000 euros that amounts to 15,000 euros in extra take-home pay for an expat over a Dutch person doing the same job. Property prices rose 13 percent in the third quarter of 2017 from the same period a year earlier, according to the CBS, above their 2008 highs. Listings have dried up. As one real estate agent put it, the market has  boiled dry . Michiel van Hemert, a kitchen assistant, said government priorities were wrong.  Imagine the  economic boom  that would come from retraining 40 and 50-year-olds, which is clearly needed,  he said. He recommended more funding for educators, police, nurses and other public servants.  I speak for myself and two or three generations before me.  ",1
13091,Britain's Labour says May should consider keeping UK in EU customs union and single market,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s opposition Labour Party called on Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday to put post-Brexit membership of the single market and the customs union under discussion in talks with the European Union.  What an embarrassment - the last 24 hours have given a new meaning to the phrase  coalition of chaos,  Labour s Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer told parliament after a tentative deal with Brussels was dashed at the last minute on Monday.  Will the Prime Minister now rethink her reckless red lines and put options such as a customs union and single market back on the table for negotiation?  Starmer asked. Speaking of Northern Ireland, Brexit Minister David Davis said any suggestion that the British government would leave only one part of the United Kingdom in the customs union was wrong.  ",1
13092,"Italy police arrest woman mafia boss, 24 others in Palermo dragnet","PALERMO, Italy (Reuters) - Police in the Sicilian capital of Palermo scooped up 25 suspected mobsters on an array of charges on Tuesday, including a woman accused of filling in as boss for her imprisoned husband.   More than 200 police, two helicopters and five canine units took part in the early morning roundup of the suspects. They are accused of extortion, handling stolen goods, vandalism and being mafia members, according to the arrest warrant seen by Reuters. With extensive use of wiretaps and ambient recordings, police reconstructed territorial divisions in the city and the internal power struggle that made Maria Angela Di Trapani, 49, a powerful figure inside one of the city s historic clans.  Her husband, Salvatore  Salvino eyes of ice  Madonia, who is in jail for murder. Police said she carried messages from her husband to clan members and organized monthly payments to the families of imprisoned mobsters. She also designated who should be running the mob family s business, or who should be  acting boss , on behalf of her husband. In one wiretap, an accused clan member refers to her as  the mistress of the house , and the police statement on the arrests said she was the real boss of the Resuttana neighborhood.  For all intents and purposes, she acts like a real man,  a turncoat told investigators, according to the court documents.  The Sicilian mafia, or Cosa Nostra, has been hurt by a series of arrests in recent years, weakening the crime network, especially compared to the Calabrian  Ndrangheta. With many bosses in jail, their wives have begun to play larger roles.  While Cosa Nostra has been much weakened by the result of judicial investigations, this case shows the continuing ability to use violence, intimidation, and the mafia code to force business and shop owners to pay extortion,  the warrant reads. During the two-year investigation, police documented 33 separate crimes and 22 attempts, many successful, to extort shops and businesses, police said. ",1
13093,Northern Irish DUP says it told UK it could not accept Brexit deal text,"LONDON (Reuters) - The Northern Irish party that props up Prime Minister Theresa May said it only got the text of the draft Brexit deal late on Monday morning and that the party told the British government that the terms were unacceptable.  Despite several briefings over the course of the last few weeks, we only received written texts late yesterday morning,  Nigel Dodds, deputy leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), said.  We understand this was due in part to delays caused by the Irish government and the EU negotiating team,  Dodds told reporters.  Upon immediate receipt of that text we indicated to senior government representatives that it was clearly unacceptable in its current form.  Dodds said the party would work for as long as needed to get the Brexit deal right.  ",1
13094,Trump tells Abbas intends to move embassy to Jerusalem: Abbas spokesman,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump informed Palestinian President Mahmolud Abbas on Tuesday that he intends to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, Abbas s spokesman said. The statement did not say whether Trump elaborated on the  timing of such a move.  President Mahmoud Abbas received a telephone call from U.S. President Donald Trump in which he notified the President (Abbas) of his intention to move the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem,  spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said in a statement. The statement did not say whether Trump elaborated on the  timing of such a move.  President Abbas warned of the dangerous consequences such a decision would have to the peace process and to the peace, security and stability of the region and of the world,  Abu Rdainah said. ",1
13095,Iraq accused of violating due process for Islamic State suspects,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi federal and Kurdish regional judiciaries are violating the  rights of Islamic State suspects with flawed trials, arbitrary detentions under harsh conditions and broad prosecutions, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said on Tuesday. As the Sunni Muslim militant group s self-proclaimed caliphate crumbles following defeats in Iraq and Syria, thousands suspected of joining it have been captured, detained, and put on trial. At least 200 have been sentenced and at least 92 executed, an HRW report said.  Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, at a weekly news conference on Tuesday, denied that Iraq puts Islamic State suspects on trial without evidence but did not address other parts of the HRW report. His government faces the task of exacting justice on Islamic State members while preventing revenge attacks on people associated with the group that could only undermine efforts to create long-term stability. New York-based HRW said that an 80-page report it released early on Tuesday  finds serious legal shortcomings that undermine efforts to bring (Islamic State) fighters, members, and affiliates to justice.  A spokesman for Iraq s Supreme Judicial Council, which supervises the federal judiciary, declined to comment on the contents of the report ahead of its release.  Issues highlighted by the HRW report: - It is too easy to accuse someone of belonging to Islamic State and have them detained. Wanted lists or community accusations without evidence can result in the detention of  suspects for months even if wrongly accused. - Detention centers are overcrowded and authorities fail to separate children from adult detainees. Iraqi law states detainees should be brought to a judge within 24 hours of capture but this does not happen.  - Detainees are often subject to torture, not granted access to lawyers, and their families are not informed of their whereabouts. Iraqi authorities say they have investigated these allegations but have not released any findings. - The reliance of Iraqi and Kurdish courts on counter terrorism laws to prosecute suspects rather than on laws in the criminal code means crimes are not prioritized by gravity and victims are not included in the process as suspects are not tried for individual acts of murder, rape, torture or slavery. - Proving guilt under counter-terrorism laws is easier as a judge only needs proof that a defendant was a member of Islamic State to find them guilty. This means that anyone from cooks and doctors serving under the group to actual fighters is subject to the same sentences, which range from life in prison to death. This stretches Iraq s resources thin as casting such a wide net means the courts lack the time or manpower to go through all cases, the HRW report says, which prevents victims from getting personal justice. HRW said that when it raised concerns about prosecutors not charging suspects with crimes under the criminal code, Iraqi judicial authorities said there was no need.  Genocide and terrorism are the same crime, why would we need a separate charge for genocide?  the report quoted one counter-terrorism judge as saying. ",1
13096,"Trump speaking by phone with Israel's Netanyahu, Jordan king, Abbas: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump was speaking on Tuesday with a number of Middle East leaders, the White House said, in advance of his expected announcement about the U.S. embassy in Israel. Trump had spoken to or planned to speak to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Jordan s King Abdullah, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said.  The president has calls scheduled this morning with Prime Minister Netanyahu, King Abdullah of Jordan and Palestinian Authority President Abbas. We will have a readout on these calls later today,  Sanders said. Trump was expected to announce as soon as Wednesday that he will again delay moving the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem but stress that he will wants to do so, a senior administration official said. The official said Trump was also likely to say that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. ",1
13097,Iraq opposed to U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq is opposed to the United States recognising Jerusalem as Israel s capital and moving its embassy there, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday, warning that such a decision would negatively affect Middle East stability. U.S. President Donald Trump told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday that he intends to shift the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, breaking with decades of U.S. policy that the city s status must be decided in negotiations with the Palestinians.  The Iraqi government received this news with the utmost worry and warns about this decision s ramifications on the stability of the region and the world,  the Iraqi cabinet said in a statement. Abadi and his government joined a mounting chorus of voices saying Trump s move would unleash turmoil. A senior U.S. official told Reuters last week that Trump was also likely to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital.  The European Union, the Palestinian Authority, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and the Arab League all warned that any such declaration would have repercussions across the Middle East. ",1
13098,Spain makes largest cocaine bust in 18 years,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain has made its largest cocaine bust in 18 years, the Interior Ministry said on Tuesday, after more than 5,800 kg of the drug were discovered on a container ship traveling from Medellin in Colombia. The ship, stopped in the southern port of Algeciras, was carrying bananas from Colombia to El Prat de Llobregat, the location of the international airport in Catalonia, the ministry said. Three people had been arrested in relation to the haul, including the Spanish head of the import company using the container, and more arrests have not been ruled out with at least two more under investigation, it said.  The cocaine, which was discovered Nov. 28 and had a street value of some 210 million euros ($250 million), was divided into 1 kg blocks and marked to identify its eventual distribution to a number of destinations and organizations, the ministry said.  ($1 = 0.8430 euros) ",1
13099,Turkey investigates reports that folk dancers sought asylum,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is investigating reports that 11 Turkish folk dancers applied for asylum after attending a folk dance festival in the Hungarian capital Budapest, state-run news agency Anadolu said. Ankara prosecutors have launched an investigation into the dancers, who received special passports to attend the festival, as only five dancers of a group of 16 returned to Turkey. It was not clear where the remaining dancers may have sought asylum. The Hungarian Immigration Office said they did not submit asylum requests in Hungary, but gave no further details. The folk dance team from Ankara arrived on Nov 1, four days before the event, the private Dogan News Agency said. The team had previously attended an event in Bosnia and Herzegovina in July, and the whole team had returned to Turkey afterwards, according to media reports. It was not immediately clear why the dancers sought refuge. Turkey has jailed more than 50,000 people in the aftermath of a failed coup attempt last year and is seeking thousand of others for alleged ties to the coup. ",1
13100,Arab League says U.S. should not take measures that alter Jerusalem status: MENA,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Tuesday that the United States should not take any measures that would alter Jerusalem s legal and political status, Egypt s state news agency MENA reported. He said the possible move of the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem or recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital   reportedly being considered by President Donald Trump   would be a  dangerous measure that would have repercussions  across the region. ",1
13101,German police raid flats in hunt for G20 rioters,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Police raided apartments across Germany on Tuesday, hunting for evidence on anti-capitalist protesters who clashed with officers during July s Group of 20 leaders summit in Hamburg. Officers searched 23 properties believed to be used by  Black Bloc  anti-capitalist group in eight German states, the Hamburg force said. They seized 26 computers and 36 mobile phones, but made no arrests.  Around  200 police officers were hurt in July in scuffles with the left-wing group, named after its members  black hoods and masks.  Police described how 150-200 people separated themselves off from peaceful marches, donned scarves, masks and dark glasses, then grabbed stones from the pavement and projectiles from building sites to hurl at police.  We are talking about a violent mob, acting together ... Whoever participates in this is, in our view, making themselves culpable,  Jan Hieber, head of the police Special Commission, told reporters.  The militant action was not accidental. There must have been a degree of planning and agreement,  he said.   Police said nearly 600 officers raided properties in states from Hamburg and Berlin to western North Rhine-Westphalia and southern Baden-Wuerttemberg.  They also carried out searches in the southern city of Stuttgart and Goettingen in northern Germany - home to well-known centers of left-wing activism. ",1
13102,Turkish academics to be tried in April over Kurdish letter,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court on Tuesday adjourned for four months the trial of 10 academics who signed a letter to the Turkish government last year calling for violence against Turkey s Kurds to end. The academics are the first group from 148 who are being prosecuted for signing the open letter. They are accused of insulting the Turkish government and carrying out propaganda for a terrorist group. In total, 1,128 academics from Turkey and abroad, including philosopher and activist Noam Chomsky, signed the January 2016 letter, titled  We will not a be party to this crime!  It called for an end to violence in Kurdish-majority towns in eastern Turkey, which escalated after the collapse in 2015 of a ceasefire between the Turkish government and the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). In the letter, published a few months after the violence erupted, they said the Turkish state was condemning residents in the mainly Kurdish southeastern provinces  to hunger through its use of curfews that have been ongoing for weeks . It also accused authorities of deploying heavy weapons that should only be used in war.  We demand the government to prepare the conditions for negotiations and create a road map that would lead to a lasting peace which includes the demands of the Kurdish political movement,  it said. Tuesday s hearing, against six academics from Galatasaray University and four from Istanbul University, was adjourned to April 12 after the court rejected the lawyers  submission that the letter was a criticism of the government, not an insult.  Criticizing the government is not punishable under Turkey s penal code, while insulting it is.  It is obvious, from a legal standpoint, that there is no crime here, but, politically, (the authorities) want to turn it into something else,   a defense lawyer for three academics from Istanbul University told Reuters. The PKK took up arms in 1984 and more than 40,000 people have died in the conflict since then. The group is considered a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. The academics published their letter six months before last year s failed military coup. Since then, thousands of academics have been fired for alleged links to terrorist organizations. Some academics say Turkey s progress in academia in recent years is now in jeopardy. Rights groups accuse President Tayyip Erdogan of using a state of emergency declared after the coup to quash political dissent. ",1
13103,Spain's Rajoy says he expects next phase of Brexit talks soon,"LONDON (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said he expected Britain and the European Union to progress soon into the next phase of Brexit negotiations, despite Prime Minister Theresa May s problems in getting the political backing at home to move ahead.      I am absolutely convinced that, as soon as possible, we will get into the second phase of Brexit negotiations,  Rajoy said in a meeting with May in London on Tuesday. May failed to clinch a deal on Monday to open talks on post-Brexit free trade with the EU after a tentative agreement with Dublin to keep the bloc s rules in Northern Ireland angered her allies in Belfast, the Democratic Unionist Party. ",1
13104,Austria's supreme court paves way for same-sex marriage from 2019,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Same-sex couples will be allowed to marry in Austria from 2019, the country s supreme court ruled on Tuesday and said a law to the contrary violated the principle of non-discrimination.  The move brings Austria into line with many other European nations including Germany, France, Britain and Spain. It also comes at a time when stories of sexual harassment under the #MeToo hashtag have flooded social media, sparking a  rethink of attitudes towards sexual discrimination.   Today is a truly historic day,  said lawyer Helmut Graupner, who represented the two female plaintiffs in court.   Austria is the first European country to recognize marriage equality for same-gender couples as a fundamental human right. All the other European states with marriage equality introduced it (just) the political way,  he said in a Facebook post.  Austria s constitutional court examined a 2009 law that allows registered partnerships for same-sex couples but prevents them from getting married. It acted at the request of two women who were rejected by two lower authorities. The distinction between marriage and registered partnership can no longer be upheld without discriminating against same-sex couples, the court said in a statement.   The resulting discriminatory effect is seen in the fact that ... people living in same-sex partnerships have to disclose their sexual orientation even in situations, in which it is not and must not be relevant, and ... are highly likely to be discriminated against,  the court said in its ruling.  The conservative People s Party (OVP), who s leader Sebastian Kurz is expected to be sworn in as chancellor next month, said it will accept the ruling. The far-right Freedom Party (FPO), Kurz s chosen government coalition partner criticized the ruling.  Now there is equal treatment for something that s not equal,  said Herbert Kickl, FPO General Secretary, in a statement. A marriage between women and men needs protection as only these partnerships can create children, he said. The OVP and the FPO voted against same-sex marriage in parliament a few months ago.  The court decision comes days after French President Emmanuel Macron unveiled a plan to curb violence against women and weeks after Scotland apologized to gay men for historical convictions. The Homosexual Initiative Vienna (HOSI) welcomed the court s decision.  We are very happy,  said HOSI chairman Christian Hoegl.  We want to use the opportunity for a renewed call for a fundamental reform of marriage.  Same-sex marriage is legal in 25 countries. Australia aims to pass a law to this effect early next month after 62 percent of voters favored marriage equality in a national survey.  In Germany, women and men are allowed to wed to a same sex partner since October. The first country to legalize same-sex marriage was the Netherlands in 2001. ",1
13105,U.N. rights boss urges Mexico not to enshrine army's role,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights boss called on Mexico s Senate on Tuesday not to adopt a proposed law on internal security, saying it would enshrine the role of the military in law enforcement at a time when a stronger police force was needed. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said that more than a decade after the armed forces were deployed in the  war on drugs , violence had not abated and extrajudicial killings, torture and disappearances  continue to be committed by various state and non-state actors . In a statement recognizing Mexico s huge security challenge and violence sown by powerful organized crime groups, Zeid said:   Adopting a new legal framework to regulate the operations of the armed forces in internal security is not the answer. The current draft law risks weakening incentives for the civilian authorities to fully assume their law enforcement roles.  ",1
13106,Northern Irish DUP says will not accept divergence between North Ireland and rest of UK,"LONDON (Reuters) - The Northern Irish party which props up Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday it would not accept any Brexit deal that saw Northern Ireland diverging either economically or politically from the United Kingdom.  We will not allow any settlement to be agreed which causes the divergence politically or economically of Northern Ireland from the rest of the United Kingdom,  Nigel Dodds, deputy leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), said.   There is now an agreement that the United Kingdom stands together and nothing will happen that will cause the breakup of this great United Kingdom,  Dodds said. Brexit minister David Davis said Dodds was right.  Davis also said the issue of a frictionless border between the UK and Ireland was best dealt with in the next phase of Brexit talks.  ",1
13107,Support for anti-immigration Sweden Democrats tumbles: poll,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Support for the far-right, anti-immigration Sweden Democrats party has fallen to its lowest level since surging during the migration crisis of 2015, a government poll showed on Tuesday.  The Sweden Democrats  approval rating shot to nearly 20 percent in November 2015 after hundreds of thousands of people arrived in Sweden to seek asylum. But a stricter immigration policy has led to a big reduction in numbers, and the issue has slipped from the top of the political agenda.  Support for the Sweden Democrats stood at 14.8 percent in November, compared to 18.4 percent in June, Sweden s Statistics Office found in its twice yearly poll for which it interviewed  9,000 people between Oct. 27 and Nov. 28.  The government, comprised of the Social Democrats and Greens, had a 36.4 percent approval rating, compared with 35.6 percent in the June poll. Prime Minister Stefan Lofven has wooed voters with a pledge to boost spending by almost 44 billion crowns ($5.23 billion) in the budget for 2018 with much of the money going on welfare, education and the police.  Immigration is no longer dominating the political debate in Sweden,  Jonas Hinnfors, political scientist at Gothenburg University said. Together with the Left Party, which supports the coalition in parliament, the government has 43.4 percent support, up from 41.9 percent in June.     At its current level of support, the Sweden Democrats would still have enough clout to block either the centre-left or centre-right blocs from forming a government after the next election in September 2018, should they fail to reach a majority.  The Sweden Democrats, shunned by all the major parties due to their far-right roots, have said they would help vote down either a centre-left or centre-right coalition in 2018, making it unclear how either bloc will be able to form a government. ",1
13108,Mexico presidency hopeful eyes tax cuts to counter Trump reform,"MONTERREY (Reuters) - A Mexican presidential hopeful and governor of a wealthy border state said he would cut taxes to compete with lower rates in the United States if President Donald Trump s fiscal reform passes Congress, hinting at a broader potential response in Mexico. Jaime Rodriguez, the governor of Nuevo Leon who is seeking to become the first independent to take the presidency, said he would lower  many taxes  if successful.  We re going to compete,  he told Reuters on Monday.  If I make it and am able to be president, I would lower taxes,  he added, though he declined to give details. Mexico s government has been watching Trump s fiscal plans closely, and some senior officials and lawmakers say the country may have to cut taxes if the United States does. The U.S. Senate approved a bill on Saturday that could see corporation tax slashed to 20 percent from 35 percent, raising questions over whether this could make investment in Mexico, where the corporate tax rate is 30 percent, less attractive. Two years ago, Rodriguez pulled off a surprise win with a social media-led campaign and became the first independent governor of a Mexican state. Nuevo Leon, home to the major industrial hub of Monterrey, has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which spurred an influx of investment from companies seeking access to U.S. consumers. That included a $1 billion investment from South Korea s Kia Motors under a 2014 deal, although Rodriguez and others were critical of the incentives the company received.  We don t want any more car assembly plants,  he said.  We won t give incentives like the ones we gave to Kia to any other company, it s excessive.  Trump has threatened to withdraw from NAFTA if he cannot rework it in favor of the United States. However, Rodriguez, who in May 2016 predicted that Trump would win the presidency, was adamant that NAFTA would survive.  It s not going to collapse,  he said. Known in Mexico as  El Bronco  due to his blunt style, the 59-year-old Rodriguez leads aspiring independents to gather the 866,593 signatures needed by Feb. 19 to get on the ballot for the July 1 election, according to statistics from electoral regulator INE. However, he has reached the threshold of 1 percent of voters in just three states, and the law requires getting that share in 17 states. Polls so far suggest Rodriguez is unlikely to mount a serious challenge for the presidency. ",1
13109,Iran asks Muslims to disrupt Israeli ties in region: TV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani urged Muslims on Tuesday to disrupt what he called a plot by unnamed countries in the region to build ties with Israel. He gave no more details on the states. But an Israeli cabinet minister said last month that his government had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia linked to their common concerns over Tehran.  Some regional Islamic countries have shamelessly revealed their closeness to the Zionist regime (Israel),  Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live by state TV.   I am sure that the Muslims around the world will not let this sinister plot bear fruit.   Both Saudi Arabia and Israel view Iran as the main threat to the Middle East. Increased tension between Tehran and Riyadh has fueled speculation that shared interests may push Saudi Arabia and Israel to work together. The Saudis have not publicly responded to the reports and Riyadh maintains that any relations with Israel hinge on Israeli withdrawal from Arab lands captured in the 1967 Middle East war - territory Palestinians seek for a future state. Regional rivalry between Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran has overflowed into conflicts in Syria and Iraq. A Saudi-led military coalition has also been fighting in the Arabian peninsula s poorest country, Yemen, on behalf of a government based in the south against the Houthis, a Shi ite movement backed by Iran. ",1
13110,"Lebanon's Hariri rescinds resignation, drawing line under crisis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri rescinded his resignation on Tuesday, drawing a line under a month-long crisis triggered when he announced from Riyadh that he was stepping down and remained outside Lebanon for weeks. His coalition government, which includes the Iran-backed Hezbollah group, reaffirmed a state policy of staying out of conflicts in Arab states. Hariri s Saudi allies accuse Hezbollah of waging war across the Middle East as agents of Iran. Hariri s shock resignation had thrust Lebanon to the forefront of the regional quarrel between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has been played out on battlefields in Syria, Iraq and Yemen. Lebanese officials said Saudi Arabia had coerced Hariri, a long-time Saudi ally, into resigning and put him under effective house arrest until an intervention by France led to his return to Lebanon. Saudi Arabia and Hariri have denied this. President Michel Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, refused to accept his resignation while he remained abroad. Saudi concern over the influence wielded by Shi ite Muslim Iran and Hezbollah in other Arab states had been widely seen as the root cause of the crisis, which raised fears for Lebanon s economic and political stability.  The Lebanese policy of  dissociation  was declared in 2012 to keep the deeply divided state out of regional conflicts such as the civil war in neighbouring Syria. Despite the policy, Hezbollah is heavily involved there, sending thousands of fighters to help President Bashar al-Assad. In its first meeting since Hariri s resignation, the cabinet on Tuesday reaffirmed its commitment to the policy.   All (the government s) political components decide to dissociate themselves from all conflicts, disputes, wars or the internal affairs of brother Arab countries, in order to preserve Lebanon s economic and political relations,  Hariri said. Lebanon, where Sunni Muslim, Shi ite, Christian and Druze groups fought a civil war from 1975-1990, has a governing system designed to share power among sectarian groups. Hariri, a wealthy Sunni businessman with long ties to the kingdom, had denounced Iran during his resignation speech and said he was outside Lebanon because he feared for his family s safety. His father, an ex-prime minister, was assassinated in 2005. In a speech during the cabinet session, Hariri warned that the tensions in the region could easily drag Lebanon down a dangerous route, and the issues which had led to the crisis could not be ignored.  Developments in the region suggest a new wave of conflict ... Perhaps the conflict is nearing the end, and Lebanon cannot be plunged into chaos on the finish line.  If we are rejecting interference by any state in Lebanese affairs, it cannot be that we accept that any Lebanese side interferes in the affairs of Arab states,  Hariri said, an apparent reference to Hezbollah.  We have to address this issue, and take a decision announcing our disassociation, in words and deeds,  he said.     Hariri s resignation was accompanied by a sharp escalation in Saudi statements targeting the Lebanese state, with Riyadh at one point accusing the Beirut government of declaring war against it. Western governments, including the United States, stressed their support for Hariri and Lebanon.  Hariri will be in Paris on Friday for a meeting of the International Lebanon Support Group, a body that includes the five members of the U.N. Security Council - Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States. The meeting, to be opened by French President Emmanuel Macron, aims in part to put pressure on Saudi Arabia and Iran to desist from interference in Lebanon, diplomats said.  (This version of the story re-inserts the word  not  in paragraph 13) ",1
13111,"U.N. says fighting stops in Sanaa, Saleh funeral expected","GENEVA (Reuters) - Yemen s capital Sanaa was quiet on Tuesday after five days of fighting that culminated in the death of ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh, and U.N. and Red Cross flights have landed at the airport, the United Nations said on Tuesday. Street battles in the capital had stopped despite 25 air strikes overnight, U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said. The funeral of Saleh was expected later on Tuesday. He was killed by his erstwhile Houthi allies on Monday, two days after announcing he was switching sides in the war to oppose them. His family s allies have battled the Houthis since last week, a dramatic turn in a conflict that had been largely stalemated for much of the past three years. The United Nations says a food shortage caused by warring parties blocking supplies has created the world s worst humanitarian crisis. Millions of people could die in one of the worst famines of modern times.  People are now emerging from their houses after five days being locked down basically as prisoners,  McGoldrick told a regular U.N. briefing, speaking by phone from Sanaa.  They are now seeking safety, moving their families in case things erupt again and at the same time seeking medical treatment and trying to pacify very terrified kids who have endured five days of relentless shelling, shooting and ground fire and air strikes.  The air strikes overnight struck government buildings, palaces and bridges, and people were now bracing themselves in case of more fighting or air strikes, McGoldrick said, describing the situation as  very uncertain times .  We know the Saudi-led coalition has sent some messages to the people in Sanaa to stay away from Houthi installations for fear of air strikes, so we are trying to wait and see when things become slightly more clear and we can move around more freely.  A Saudi-led military coalition has been fighting on behalf of a government based in the south against the Houthis, a Shi ite movement backed by Iran that had teamed up with Saleh and controlled much of the country including the capital. So far about 125 people are known to have died in the latest fighting in the capital with 200 injured, but aid workers are likely to have a better idea of the death toll later on Tuesday, McGoldrick said. McGoldrick had no details of Saleh s funeral later on Tuesday and did not know if it would coincide or clash with an event planned by the Houthis to celebrate his killing. He said there had been a report that there would be a ceremony around the main mosque, and the U.N. mission should avoid the area because of traffic. ",1
13112,"Toll in Sanaa fighting rises to 234 killed, 400 wounded: ICRC","GENEVA (Reuters) - The toll in fighting in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa in nearly a week has risen to 234 killed and 400 wounded, including 383 severely injured, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Tuesday. Robert Mardini, ICRC regional director for the Middle East, also said in a tweet:  Our @ICRC_ye teams are now doing all they can to supply hospitals with medicines, surgical materials and fuel.  The ICRC said on Monday that there were at least 125 killed and 238 wounded in the clashes. Sanaa was quiet on Tuesday after five days of fighting that culminated in the death of ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh, and U.N. and Red Cross flights have landed at the airport, the United Nations said. ",1
13113,"In Brussels, Tillerson offers EU strong U.S. support","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday said the United States remains committed to Europe, offering a public statement of support for European allies worried about foreign policy under President Donald Trump.  The partnership between America and the European Union... is based upon shared values, shared objectives for security and prosperity on both sides of the Atlantic and we remain committed to that,  Tillerson said before a lunch with 28 EU foreign ministers.  Tillerson, in brief statements with EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini after which the two took no questions, said his visit showed  the strong commitment the U.S. has to the European alliance, the important role that the European alliance plays in our shared security objectives.  ",1
13114,German broadcasters won't promote ex-Pink Floyd frontman's concerts over anti-Semitism accusations," (This November 28 story has been corrected to clarify in headline, lead and third paragraph that the broadcasters will not promote the concerts, not that they had dropped plans to air the concerts) BERLIN (Reuters) - German public broadcasters have dropped plans to promote concerts next year by British ex-Pink Floyd frontman Roger Waters, citing what they call  accusations of anti-Semitism against him . Waters, part of one of the world s most critically acclaimed and commercially successful rock bands from 1965-85 before going solo, is a member of the Palestinian-led Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement (BDS) that targets Israel over its occupation of territories where Palestinians seek statehood.   Five state television and radio affiliates of the national ARD network have said they will not promote concerts by the 74-year-old Waters in Berlin and Cologne scheduled next summer  in reaction to anti-Semitism accusations against him , Berlin and Brandenburg public radio (RBB) said. RBB, part of the ARD network, said it wanted to send a message to other artists who, heeding the BDS, refuse to perform in Israel. Waters joined the movement in 2011.  Taking a clear position here is an important signal for RBB to the Jewish communities in Berlin and Brandenburg,  RBB director Patricia Schlesinger said in a statement.  The quick and decisive reaction by the broadcasters ...is an important signal that rampant anti-Semitism against Israel `has no place in Germany,  said Josef Schuster, president of The Central Council of Jews in Germany.  Marek Lieberberg, Waters  tour director, said that German Jews were right to be concerned about  clearly visible and growing anti-Semitism  in Germany - alluding to the far right s surge in recent German elections - but that the broadcasters  decision was  absolutely ridiculous .   Lieberberg, the son of Holocaust survivors, told the Mannheimer Morgen daily that while he rejected the BDS, he separates personal opinions from work.  I cannot and do not want to deny (Waters) his right to freedom of opinion,  he said.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s right-wing government has long campaigned against the BDS, describing it as anti-Semitic and an attempt to erase Israel s legitimacy. The movement, launched in 2005 as a non-violent campaign to press Israel to heed international law and end its occupation of territory held since a 1967 war, has gathered momentum in recent years even if its economic impact remains negligible. Germany has long sought to distance itself from the horrors of the Nazi Holocaust and become one of Israel s closest allies. ",1
13115,Australia MPs rush to disclose parentage amid citizenship crisis,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Several lawmakers filed family history documents in Australia s parliament to meet a government deadline on Tuesday to try to prove their citizenship and stem a crisis that has so far claimed nine MPs and cost the government its majority.     Australia s 116-year-old constitution bans dual citizens from holding national office and the High Court adopted a strict interpretation of it in October in a country where half the population were either born overseas or have a parent who was. The crisis may yet plunge Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition into minority rule, should it lose another lawmaker, or a crucial by-election set for Dec. 19.      The ruling center-right pairing lost its one-seat lower-house majority when the High Court found Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce to be a New Zealander and therefore ineligible for office. He has since rescinded his New Zealand citizenship and regained his seat in parliament.   But another member has since quit his place and now as many as a dozen more now face referral to the court after the deadline to disclose the birthplace of parents and grandparents passed on Tuesday. The disclosures show that nearly every lawmaker has at least one foreign parent or grandparent. While some provide citizenship records dating back to the 19th century, others give few details or documents, prompting calls for the High Court to consider their cases.      There are a few grey areas, there s no doubt about that,  MP Christopher Pyne said on Perth radio station 6PR, adding that parliament would decide on Thursday which cases to send to the court. One opposition Labor Party member has already told parliament it  remains unclear  whether he is British, after the Home Office could not find the paperwork to prove he renounced his citizenship a decade ago. Labor argues that seven government lawmakers filed  unconvincing  or  incomplete  disclosures, while the government raised doubts over four opposition MPs, and there is a cloud over another independent lawmaker. Although Joyce easily regained his seat at a by-election on Saturday, the crisis still has the government precariously clinging to power and has already dented its ability to pursue its political agenda. If it loses a by-election in Sydney on Dec. 19, or the court ousts another lower-house MP, it would be forced to depend on a handful of independent lawmakers to retain power and pass laws. ",1
13116,Romania's former king Michael dies in Switzerland at age of 96,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s former King Michael died in Switzerland at the age of 96 on Tuesday, the Royal House was quoted by Digi 24 TV as saying on Tuesday. King Michael of Romania withdrew from public life because of illness in 2016. A cousin of Britain s Queen Elizabeth, Michael was forced to abdicate in 1947 after the post-war Communist takeover of Romania and has lived in exile in the West for decades. He underwent surgery for leukaemia and cancer. ",1
13117,Germany must stop relying on U.S. for foreign policy: foreign minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany should be more assertive in setting foreign policy according to its own interests rather than to those of the United States, the German foreign minister said on Tuesday.  Traditionally close ties between Berlin and Washington have soured since U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January.   Trump is at odds with Germany over Iran and North Korea, has denounced Germany s trade surplus with the United States, accused Berlin and others of owing vast sums to NATO and worried partners by deciding to ditch the Paris climate accord. The traditional view of the United States as having a protecting role was beginning to  crumble , Sigmar Gabriel told an audience of politicians and government representatives at the Koerber Foundation.   The U.S. s retreat (from its international role) is not due to the policies of only one president. It will not change fundamentally after the next elections,  he said. Germany should continue to invest in its partnership with the United States as a trading partner but must be more assertive in representing its own interests when the two countries are at odds. Gabriel gave the example of sanctions against Russia that the U.S. Congress agreed on in the summer and which could ultimately affect Germany s energy supply as they affect Russian pipelines. Gabriel also warned against ending the nuclear deal with Iran, saying this would increase the risk of war and affect national security, and against any move by the United Stales to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  Germany cannot afford to wait for decisions from Washington, or to merely react to them. We must lay out our own position and make clear to our allies where the limits of our solidarity are reached,  Gabriel said in the speech, excerpts of which had been published by Sueddeutsche Zeitung ahead of time. Germans see U.S. President Donald Trump as a bigger challenge for German foreign policy than authoritarian leaders in North Korea, Russia or Turkey, a survey published by the Koerber Foundation showed. Post-war Germany has pursued a cautious foreign policy embedded in the principles and institutions of the European Union, due to the legacy of World War Two but has gradually taken on a more active global role in the last decade or so. Gabriel s Social Democrats (SPD) have said they will launch talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party gave him the green light at a congress this weekend. ",1
13118,Afghan suspect arrested in Germany over migrant deaths at sea,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police on Tuesday arrested an Afghan citizen on suspicion of smuggling migrants by sea from Turkey to Greece resulting in the death of several dozen people when the boat sank, federal police and prosecutors said. The man is believed to have been on board the smugglers  boat which had 90 migrants on board when it capsized in poor weather in January 2016, federal police and prosecutors in the northwestern city of Osnabrueck said in a joint statement. Only 24 of the people on board were rescued. The Greek coastguard retrieved 35 bodies from the water, while the rest remain missing, they said. Germany, the main destination for migrants in Europe, has been prosecuting individuals suspected of belonging to the smuggling rings that charge thousands of euros for the short sea journey from Turkey to Greece. The suspect arrested in Osnabrueck, who was not named in the statement, was saved and presented himself to Greek authorities as a refugee before seeking asylum in Germany in a month later. ",1
13119,London security alert ends as package ruled non-suspicious,"LONDON (Reuters) - London police said an item that had prompted a security alert in the financial district of the city on Tuesday morning was non-suspicious, after authorities had closed St Paul s underground station as a precaution. ",1
13120,Saudi Arabia hopes U.S. will not recognize Jerusalem as capital of Israel,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has expressed hope the United States would not recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and warned such a decision would have serious implications, state news agency SPA reported on Tuesday.  The recognition will have very serious implications and will be provocative to all Muslims  feelings,  SPA said quoting an unnamed official source at the Saudi Foreign Ministry.  The United States administration should take into account the negative implications of such a move and the Kingdom s hope not to take such a decision as this will affect the U.S. ability to continue its attempt of reaching a just solution for the Palestinian cause,  the statement added. On Monday, Saudi Arabia s Ambassador in Washington Prince Khalid bin Salman said any U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem before a final settlement is reached in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would hurt the peace process and heighten regional tensions.  The kingdom s policy - has been - and remains in support of the Palestinian people, and this has been communicated to the U.S. administration,  Prince Khalid said in a statement. U.S. President Donald Trump is weighing whether to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital but has not yet made a decision, his son-in-law and envoy for Middle East peace Jared Kushner said on Sunday. A senior administration official said last week Trump could make such an announcement on Wednesday. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital. Palestinians want the eastern portion of it to be the capital of a future state. U.S. policy for decades has been to reserve judgment on both claims until the parties agree Jerusalem s status in a settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. ",1
13121,Turkey detains 17 people in investigation related to gold trader Zarrab: agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police have detained 17 people as part of an investigation related to gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with prosecutors in a U.S. trial, state-run Anadolu news agency said on Tuesday. Police detained three of Zarrab s employees on suspicion of delivering documents from the network of Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen to U.S. prosecutors, Anadolu said. Ankara says U.S. prosecutors have based their case on documents fabricated by Gulen s followers, who it also blames for orchestrating last year s failed coup in Turkey. Zarrab, a Turkish and Iranian national, has pleaded guilty to charges that he schemed to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions, and is testifying for U.S. prosecutors against an executive from a Turkish state-owned bank for related charges. The executive has pleaded innocent and the bank has said all of its transactions complied with international regulations. The case has strained ties between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. It has infuriated President Tayyip Erdogan, who has cast the trial as an attempt to undermine Turkey and its economy.  It is right that there is a plot allegation in the trial s indictment, but it is a plot against Turkey, not against the United States,  Erdogan told members of his ruling AK Party in parliament.  This trial is an international coup attempt, a process at the center of which is FETO,  he said, using the Turkish government s term for Gulen s network. Gulen, who has lived in the United States since 1999, has denied charges he was behind the coup, and condemned the military intervention. Police searched the houses of the three employees and found electronic copies of documents, Anadolu said. It said fourteen more people had been detained as part of the investigation. No one was immediately available for comment at Istanbul police headquarters. Last week the Istanbul prosecutor s office decided to seize the assets of Zarrab and those of his acquaintances as part of the investigation, Anadolu reported. ",1
13122,Bus bomb kills eight in Syria's Homs city: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in Syria s Homs on Tuesday, state media said, citing the city s health authority. Islamic State claimed the attack, saying the blast killed 11 members of the Syrian army, its official news agency AMAQ said. Many of the passengers were university students, Homs Governor Talal Barazi told state-run Ikhbariya TV. The blast in the government-held city hit the Akrama district, near al-Baath University.  Footage showed people crowding around the burned shell of a vehicle in the middle of a street. State television said  a bomb that terrorists planted in a passenger bus exploded .  Islamic State militants had claimed responsibility for a similar attack in Homs in May, when a car bomb killed four people and injured 32 others.  A string of bombings have struck cities under government control in Syria this year, including the capital Damascus.  The Tahrir al-Sham alliance   led by fighters formerly linked to al-Qaeda   has also claimed some of the deadly attacks.  Security agencies are constantly chasing sleeper cells,  the Homs police chief said on Ikhbariya.  Today, it could be a sleeper cell or it could be an infiltration.  Barazi, the governor, said the state s enemies were trying to target stability as  the stage of victory  drew near.  The city of Homs returned to full government control in May for the first time since the onset of Syria s conflict more than six years ago. With the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, the Damascus government has pushed back rebel factions in western Syria, shoring up its rule over the main urban centers. The army and allied forces then marched eastwards against Islamic State militants this year. The United States has voiced concern about Syrian and Russian attacks. The U.S. State Department on Tuesday strongly condemned attacks this week on eastern Ghouta believed to have been carried out by Syrian and Russian jets. The jets struck crowded residential areas in the besieged rebel enclave near Damascus on Sunday, killing at least 27 people, aid workers and a war monitor said.   Deliberate tactics to starve Syrian civilians, including women and children, block humanitarian and medical aid, bomb hospitals, medical personnel and first responders in eastern Ghouta, we consider that to be deeply troubling,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. She urged Russia to live up to its obligations to uphold the de-escalation zone in eastern Ghouta. ",1
13123,Former Egypt interior minister Habib al-Adly arrested: security sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian interior minister Habib al-Adly has been arrested after failing to attend his sentencing in a trial over corruption charges, two security sources said on Tuesday. Adly, who served under ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, was due to attend the final hearing in April and hand himself over to authorities, but did not show up and had been missing since then. A copy of the April verdict obtained by Reuters showed that Adly and two other ministry officials were ordered to refund a total of 1.95 billion Egyptian pounds($109.83 million) and were fined the same amount. Adly, who has denied the charges, is due back before the Court of Cassation, Egypt s top civil court, for an appeal in January. His lawyer could not be reached immediately for comment. Egypt s state news agency MENA earlier reported that Adly had been located, but did not disclose his location or whether he had been arrested.  A long-serving official at the head of Egypt s feared internal security apparatus, Adly was acquitted of other graft charges two years ago.  He was also cleared in 2014, along with Mubarak and six aides, of charges related to killing protesters during the 2011 uprising which had led to their downfall. ($1 = 17.7550 Egyptian pounds) ",1
13124,Finland suspects Russian aircraft violated airspace,"HELSINKI/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Finland s defense ministry said on Tuesday it suspected a Russian aircraft had violated Finnish airspace over the Baltic Sea earlier in the day. The ministry said a Tupolev TU-154, a Russian passenger and transport plane, had been detected south of Porvoo and that the border guard was investigating the matter. A ministry spokesman declined to say whether Finland had scrambled jets to identify the plane. The Russian defense ministry was not immediately available to comment. Finland, which is preparing to celebrate 100 years of independence on Wednesday, has accused Moscow of several airspace violations since the Ukraine crisis began in 2014. Last year, Estonia and Finland blamed Russia for entering their airspace as Finland was signing a defense pact with the United States. In a separate incident, two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea. Finland was part of the Russian Empire and won independence during the 1917 Russian revolution, then nearly lost it fighting the Soviet Union in World War Two. It is now an EU member state which does not belong to NATO military alliance. ",1
13125,EU court adviser says Britain was wrong to refuse transgender woman's pension,"LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Britain s rejection of a transgender woman s claim for a women s state pension because she was still married to her spouse from before her transition is discriminatory, an EU court adviser said on Tuesday.  Advocate General Michal Bobek of the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ) stated in a non-binding opinion that marriage status does not play a role in accessing state retirement pensions for people who are not transgender.  This amounts to direct discrimination on the basis of sex, which is not open to objective justification,  a news release of the opinion stated.  The opinion was issued for a case where a transgender woman - who was registered as a boy at birth but has lived as a woman since 1991 and had gender reassignment surgery in 1995 - in the UK applied for a state retirement pension when she turned 60 in 2008. According to UK law, a woman born before Apr. 6, 1950 must be 60 to access the state retirement pension, whereas for a man born before Dec. 6 1953 the age is 65. Her application was denied because she didn t apply for a full gender recognition certificate due to the fact that she remained married to a woman and her marriage would have been annulled at the time as same-sex marriage was not legal in Britain. The UK Supreme Court asked the ECJ if the requirement to be unmarried to recognize a change in gender, and thus determine the qualifying age for a state pension, was allowed under EU law.   The Advocate General concludes that there is unequal treatment since marital status does not play any role for cisgender persons in order to access a state retirement pension, whereas married transgender persons are subject to the requirement to annul their marriage,  the court s press release said. The court tends to follow the advice given by the advocate general in most cases, but it is not bound to do so. The advocate general stressed that this was not a case about same-sex marriage. Member states are not compelled to recognize same-sex marriage, and they can still determine the conditions under which a change of gender will be legally recognized. ",1
13126,Myanmar says working to ensure returns of Rohingya refugees,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar told the United Nations on Tuesday that it was finalizing terms for a joint working group with Bangladesh that will launch the process of safe and voluntary return of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees within about two months. Htin Lynn, Myanmar s ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, told a special session of the Human Rights Council that his government was ready to work with all international partners to ensure the  voluntary, safe, dignified and sustainable repatriation  and resettlement of the displaced - whom he did not refer to as Rohingya.   There will be no camps,  he added.  ",1
13127,"South Korea, U.S. kick off large-scale air exercise amid North Korean warnings","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States launched large-scale joint aerial drills on Monday, officials said, a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced missile as part of a weapons programme that has raised global tensions. The annual U.S.-South Korean drill, called Vigilant Ace, will run until Friday, with six F-22 Raptor stealth fighters to be deployed among the more than 230 aircraft taking part. The exercises have been condemned as a provocation by the isolated North. F-35 fighters will also join the drill, which will also include the largest number of 5th generation fighters to take part, according to a South Korea-based U.S. Air Force spokesman. Around 12,000 U.S. service members, including from the  Marines and Navy, will join South Korean troops. Aircraft taking part will be flown from eight U.S. and South Korean military installations.  South Korean media reports said B-1B Lancer bombers could join the exercise this week. The U.S. Air Force spokesman could not confirm the reports. The joint exercise is designed to enhance readiness and operational capability and to ensure peace and security on the Korean peninsula, the U.S. military had said before the drills began. The drills come a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile ever in defiance of international sanctions and condemnation. Pyongyang blamed U.S. President Donald Trump for raising tensions and warned at the weekend the Vigilant Ace exercise was pushing tensions on the Korean peninsula towards  a flare-up , according to North Korean state media. North Korea s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country called Trump  insane  on Sunday and said the drill would  push the already acute situation on the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war . The North s KCNA state news agency, citing a foreign ministry spokesman, also said on Saturday the Trump administration was  begging for nuclear war by staging an extremely dangerous nuclear gamble on the Korean peninsula . North Korea regularly uses its state media to threaten the United States and its allies. ",1
13128,"Australia, citing concerns over China, cracks down on foreign political influence","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia, concerned about rising Chinese influence, will ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external interference in domestic politics, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Tuesday. Turnbull told reporters in Canberra that foreign powers were making  unprecedented and increasingly sophisticated attempts to influence the political process  in Australia and the world. He cited  disturbing reports about Chinese influence . Australia and neighbouring New Zealand are among roughly a third of countries worldwide that allow foreign donations to political parties. Such donations are prohibited in the United States, Britain and several European countries. Australia s new laws, modelled in part on the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act, would criminalise foreign interference and require the registration of lobbyists working for nation states, Turnbull said. The announcement came as concern grows that Beijing may be extending its influence and as relationships between Australian politicians and Chinese government interests have become increasingly contentious. Fairfax Media and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported in June on a concerted campaign by China to  infiltrate  Australian politics to promote Chinese interests. China denies the claims.  In Beijing, foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China had no intention of interfering with Australia s internal affairs or using political funding to influence them.    At the same time, we want to again urge Australia to remove their biases and take an objective and positive attitude to assess China and its relations with Australia,  he added. However, leading opposition Senator Sam Dastyari quit some senior Labor Party positions last week after a tape surfaced of him appearing to endorse China s contentious expansion in disputed areas of the South China Sea, against his party s platform. The tape, which showed him standing next to property developer Huang Xiangmo, a major Chinese political donor, was leaked to the media.  I take those reports, as do my colleagues, very seriously,  Turnbull said. However, the new laws  are not about any one country , he said.  Foreign interference is a global issue ... for example, we re all familiar with very credible reports that Russia sought to actively undermine the United States  election ... the threat is real,  Turnbull said. The new laws, should they pass parliament, would ban foreign donations to political parties or any political group that has spent more than A$100,000 ($76,350) campaigning in the past four years - a rule that could also likely affect environmental and other campaign groups. Australia expressed deep concern last month over a crackdown on pro-democracy groups in Cambodia. Despite that, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann said foreign donations to activist group GetUp!, a non-partisan but vocal critic of the centre-right government, would be banned under Australia s new laws. GetUp! said in a statement only 0.5 percent of its donations come from overseas. It criticised the proposed laws as an attempt to avoid scrutiny of government policies and for failing to curtail donations from multinational corporations. The definitions of treason and espionage would also be broadened under the new laws to include possessing or receiving sensitive information, rather than just transmitting it. Since the controversial sale of the port of Darwin to a Chinese company in 2015, the government has been at pains to demonstrate limits to its ties to China, its biggest export partner, blocking sales of Australia s biggest cattle station and biggest power grid to Chinese interests.  ($1 = 1.3098 Australian dollars) ",1
13129,Germans see Trump as bigger problem than North Korea or Russia,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germans see U.S. President Donald Trump as a bigger challenge for German foreign policy than authoritarian leaders in North Korea, Russia or Turkey, according to a survey by the Koerber Foundation. Topping the list of foreign policy concerns were refugees, with 26 percent of respondents worried about Germany s ability to cope with inflows of asylum seekers. Relations with Trump and the United States ranked second,  with 19 percent describing them as a major challenge, followed by Turkey at 17 percent, North Korea at 10 percent and Russia at 8 percent. Since entering the White House in January, Trump has unsettled Germans by pulling out of the Paris climate accord, refusing to certify an international agreement on Iran s nuclear programme and criticizing Germany s trade surplus and its contributions to the NATO military alliance. Trump s actions prompted the usually cautious German Chancellor Angela Merkel to say earlier this year that Berlin may not be able to rely on the United States in the future. She also urged Europe to take its fate into its own hands. In the poll of 1,005 Germans of voting age, carried out in October, 56 percent of Germans described the relationship with the United States as bad or very bad. Despite Merkel s pledge, the survey showed deep scepticism in the population about Germany taking a more active role in international crises, with 52 percent of respondents saying the country should continue its post-war policy of restraint. That may reflect the fact that neither Merkel nor her main challengers in the recent election campaign talked much about how Germany should respond to the challenges posed by Trump s disruptive presidency and Britain s looming departure from the European Union. Last week, Norbert Roettgen, a member of Merkel s conservative party and head of the foreign affairs committee in the Bundestag, decried a  deplorable  lack of leadership in educating Germans about the need to invest more in their own defense and security. ",1
13130,Turkey could break off ties with Israel over Jerusalem: Erdogan,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday Turkey could go as far as breaking off diplomatic ties with Israel if the United States formally recognizes Jerusalem as the Israeli capital, a move he said would be a  red line  for Muslims. U.S. officials have said Trump is likely to give a speech on Wednesday unilaterally recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a step that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. It later annexed it, declaring the whole of the city as its capital, a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.  I am saddened by the reports that the U.S. is getting ready to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital,  Erdogan said.  Mr. Trump, Jerusalem is the red line of Muslims. It is a violation of international law to take a decision supporting Israel while Palestinian society s wounds are still bleeding,  he told a parliamentary meeting of his ruling AK Party.  ...this can go as far as severing Turkey s ties with Israel. I am warning the United States not to take such a step which will deepen the problems in the region.  Israeli government spokesmen had no immediate reaction, but Education Minister Naftali Bennett, a senior partner in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s coalition government, brushed off Erdogan s comments.  There will always be those who criticize, but at the end of the day it is better to have a united Jerusalem than Erdogan s sympathy,  he said. ",1
13131,"After Brexit deal crumbles, Britain's May to speak to Northern Irish party",BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May and other British officials will speak to Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) on Tuesday after a tentative deal on Brexit with the European Union over the border with Ireland was dashed at the last minute. An official at her Number 10 official residence said the British leader may return to Brussels as early as Wednesday to try to save a deal to open the way for talks on future trade after Britain leaves the EU that involved accepting  regulatory alignment  on the island of Ireland to avoid a hard border. ,1
13132,Britain's Hammond says 'very confident' of deal on Brexit talks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain s Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond said on Tuesday he was confident the EU and Britain could reach a Brexit deal in talks this week.  We re very confident that we will be able to move this forward,  Hammond said on arrival at a meeting of EU finance ministers.  Discussions are going on right now and will go on throughout the day.  ",1
13133,Erdogan says Turkey will destroy those in Syria linked to Kurdish militants,ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday that Turkey will  very soon completely destroy  those in Syria linked to Kurdish militants. Turkey has been angered by U.S. support for Syrian Kurdish YPG fighters who have spearheaded the Western-backed military campaign against Islamic State. Ankara says the YPG is an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). ,1
13134,Russia expects new sanctions to further sour its ties with U.S. in 2018: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow expects new complications in its relationship with the United States in early 2018 because of possible new U.S. sanctions on Russia, the RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Tuesday.  Ryabkov said Washington could resort to new  destructive impulses  ahead of next year s Russian presidential election, RIA reported. ",1
13135,Stopping militancy spread in ASEAN a priority for Singapore: minister,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Southeast Asian countries must step up their fight against religious militancy taking root in their region, including in Myanmar s troubled Rakhine State, Singapore s foreign minister said on Tuesday. The minister, Vivian Balakrishnan, said the weakening of Islamic State (IS) in the Middle East and the recent occupation of the Philippine town of Marawi by IS-supporting gunmen had renewed concern that the region could become a magnet for militants.  We saw some returning fighters to Marawi in the southern Philippines and there are other potential hotbeds for terrorists in our region,  Balakrishnan said in a lecture on Singapore s priorities as it prepares to take over as chair of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN).  Even our concern about the Rakhine state is also related to our anxiety that this becomes another sanctuary, another hotbed for extremism,  he said.  It is not just a Middle East phenomenon.  ASEAN includes Indonesia, which has the world s biggest Muslim population, mostly Muslim Malaysia and Buddhist-majority Myanmar, where a campaign of violence against members of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Rakhine State has brought U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing. Myanmar rejects the accusations. Nevertheless, both Indonesia and Malaysia have pressed it over the plight of the Rohingya, more than 600,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since late August. Singapore has offered humanitarian help for those displaced by the violence. ASEAN members have pledged greater cooperation and intelligence sharing to combat the threat of Islamic militancy. The mostly Christian Philippines has over the past year faced the region s most serious militant violence, which began when hundreds of gunmen, including some from elsewhere in the region, occupied Marawi, sparking the country s most serious fighting since World War Two. Indonesia and Malaysia say thousands of their citizens sympathize with IS and hundreds are believed to have traveled to Syria to join the group. Indonesian authorities last year disrupted a plot by militants to launch an attack in multi-ethnic Singapore. Singapore will be chair of the 10-member ASEAN in 2018. ",1
13136,Arab League says death of Saleh risks 'explosion' in Yemen: MENA,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The Arab League on Tuesday condemned the killing of Yemeni ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh saying his death threatened to cause an  explosion  in the Gulf country s security situation, Egypt s MENA state news agency reported. The Arab League s general secretariat also condemned the Houthi movement which killed Saleh as a  terrorist organization , demanding that the international community view it as such.  All means must be used to rid the Yemeni people of this nightmare,  it said, referring to the Houthis. ",1
13137,Top al-Qaeda leader killed in eastern Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - A top leader of militant group al-Qaeda was killed along with 80 people in a joint military operation by Afghan army, intelligence and NATO-led forces, the South Asian nation s intelligence service said on Tuesday.  Omar Khetab, also known as Omar Mansoor, was the most senior member of his branch of the group killed in Afghanistan, the National Directorate of Security said in a statement.     Security forces also arrested 27 individuals in the operation in the eastern Afghan provinces of Ghazni, Paktia and Zabul, the agency said, without giving further details. ",1
13138,Philippines' Duterte orders police to provide active support in drug war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the police to actively support the drugs enforcement agency in his war on drugs, his spokesman said on Tuesday. The drugs enforcement agency, known as PDEA, will remain the lead agency in the war on drugs, but the spokesman, Harry Roque, said the police along with other agencies  shall resume to provide active support to PDEA,  citing a memorandum signed by Duterte. Duterte suspended the police s anti-narcotics operations in January, after questions were raised about police conduct.    ",1
13139,U.S. focus on internal issues will change world order: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Less involvement by the United States in international affairs under President Donald Trump will have an impact on Germany and its European neighbors, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Tuesday, warning of a shifting world order.   The withdrawal of the United States under Donald Trump from its reliable role as a guarantor of western-led multilateralism accelerates a change of the world order with immediate consequences for German and European interests,  Gabriel said. ",1
13140,"Saudi has completed main wave of arrests in anti-graft purge, minister says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has completed the main wave of arrests in its sweeping crackdown on corruption and is preparing to channel billions of dollars of seized funds into economic development projects, a Saudi minister said on Monday.  As far as I know, this is the case,  Minister of Commerce and Investment Majid bin Abdullah al-Qasabi told Reuters when asked whether authorities had finished taking large numbers of top officials and businessmen into custody.  Now the government will not keep its mouth shut when it sees a corrupt case. So definitely it will act. But this is   in terms of its magnitude, in terms of scale, in terms of how, in terms of why, in terms of now, that s it,  he said. Dozens of princes, officials and businessmen were detained last month, about 200 people questioned, and over 2,000 bank accounts frozen in the purge, which has strengthened the authority of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Some suspects will go to court but authorities are seeking to reach financial settlements with most and said last week that the first deals had been done. Senior prince Miteb bin Abdullah, once seen as a leading contender for the throne, was freed after agreeing to pay over $1 billion, officials said. A special Ministry of Finance account has been opened to receive such funds, which the public prosecutor s office has estimated should eventually total between $50 billion and $100 billion, Qasabi said during a visit to Washington to meet U.S. businessmen.  This money definitely will be used for housing, for the general public needs, because it is the money for the people. It will not be used for any other issue but for development projects.  The public prosecutor is expected in a few days to issue a statement on the status of the investigation, including how many people are detained and how many face legal charges, Qasabi added. Riyadh is seeking huge amounts of U.S. and foreign investment to reduce its dependence on oil exports. Qasabi conceded that U.S. businessmen were somewhat concerned by the potential impact of the crackdown on corruption.  They re worried about if this is ... will be, the end of it or where it will stop,  he said.  But they all think this will be good for the country, because the country s leadership stood visibly to fight corruption, and ultimately this will be a level playing field for everybody.  The economic reforms include a privatization program that is to raise some $300 billion. In the past 18 months, there has been little concrete progress as deals have been slowed by red tape, legal uncertainties and high asking prices for assets, foreign businessmen say. Qasabi said the program was on track and the government, having identified sectors to be privatised, was working on the complex mechanics of asset transfers that would take place by mid-2019. Sea ports will be a major area of activity, he said. Privatization of grain mills under the Saudi Grains Organisation is in its final phase and could be completed by mid-2018, Qasabi added. The economy has been hit hard in the past couple of years by low oil prices and government austerity measures. Authorities have promised stimulus steps and Qasabi noted they had this year increased the capital of the Saudi Industrial Development Fund, which makes soft loans to businesses. More stimulus measures are likely to be announced with the 2018 state budget, expected to be released in late December, or before then, he added. Financial incentives offered by the government could total 70 billion riyals ($18.7 billion). Qasabi chairs a program that encourages strategic Saudi companies to expand globally in sectors such as food, logistics, pharmaceuticals and petrochemicals. The government will allocate money to help them grow by acquiring other firms locally, he said. ",1
13141,"Russia's Lavrov, U.S. Tillerson to discuss North Korea in Vienna: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is expected to discuss the North Korean crisis with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during the meeting in Vienna this week, RIA news agency quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying.      ",1
13142,"Rebel Honduran police ignore curfew order, election protesters rejoice","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Hondurans spilled into the streets of the capital on Monday night, banging pots and pans and joining rebel police in defiance of a curfew imposed after a presidential election that was heavily criticized by the Organization of American States. Some police officers abandoned their posts and joined carnival-like demonstrations that erupted across the city hours after night fell and the curfew was supposed to have begun.   A statement issued in the name of the National Police said the officers were upset with the government over a political crisis that was not their responsibility.  Our people are sovereign,  said a member of the elite Cobra riot police, reading the statement.  We cannot confront and repress their rights.  Authorities finished counting votes on Monday after a week of increasingly widespread criticism about the Nov. 26 election, with Organization of American States (OAS) lending credence to opposition claims the government manipulated the results to ensure a win.   The tight margin, along with the irregularities, errors and systematic problems that have surrounded this election, does not allow the mission to be certain about the results,  said former Bolivian President Jorge Quiroga, heading the OAS election observation mission in the Central American country. Electoral authorities said President Juan Orlando Hernandez won 42.98 percent of the vote, compared with opposition challenger Salvador Nasralla s 41.39 percent, based on 99.96 percent of ballot boxes tallied. However, authorities refrained from declaring a winner, with Nasralla s center-left opposition Alliance demanding a wide recount of nearly a third of votes, a request backed by the OAS and European Union election observers.  Lending more support to that view, a leader of rebellious Cobra riot police told reporters the country wanted a vote-by-vote recount to clarify the results, and called on the armed forces to come out in support of the police protest.  The Alliance, which claims that results sheets from ballot boxes were altered, is expected to formally contest the results.  President Hernandez, who has been praised by the United States for his crackdown on street gangs, also refrained from calling himself the winner on Monday, despite claiming victory several times since the election.    I make a call for peace, for brotherhood, for sanity, for national unity,  he told reporters. In a striking sign of support for Hernandez, 49, the U.S. State Department cleared the way for Honduras to receive millions of dollars in U.S. aid two days after the election, certifying that the government has been fighting corruption and upholding human rights, a document seen by Reuters showed. The government was struggling to contain the fallout from the chaos on Monday evening.  Even former TV star Nasralla joined a crowd of boisterous supporters, jumping up and down in a tan suit while flashing peace signs and joining a chant of  the dictatorship will fall,  a video posted on Twitter showed.  The additional powers granted to the army and police including the nighttime curfew from Friday were intended to stem the protests and have led to more than a thousand arrests. Up to 12 people have been killed in the protests or during the curfew. Tens of thousands peacefully took to the streets on Sunday in a show of force for the opposition. The police revolt began when more than 200 members of the Cobras refused to carry on battling protesters, saying it was tantamount to taking sides. Nasralla has repeatedly called on the security forces to ignore orders.  We are rebelling,  said one of the policemen, who covered his face in a ski mask and declined to give his name.  We call on all the police nationally to act with their conscience.  They soon had the support of other units, with reports that their protests had spread to other cities.  The police also said they were angry about the death of two colleagues shot while they were enforcing the curfew on Sunday night, an attack a spokesman said was unrelated to the election protests. Two civilian protesters were killed in the capital overnight, their relatives said, although authorities did not confirm the deaths. The OAS called for peaceful protests, said politicians must not incite violence and that security forces must respect human rights. Last week, at least three people were killed as soldiers broke up protesters  blockades. One police source and local reports said five more had been shot dead in the north of the country on Friday. The deaths have not been confirmed by authorities.  Early last week, Nasralla, a 64-year-old former sportscaster and game show host, appeared set for an upset victory, gaining a five-point lead with more than half of the ballots tallied. The counting process suddenly halted for more than a day and began leaning in favor of Hernandez after resuming.  Opposition leaders on Monday showed a sample of their own records of polling that did not match with the tribunal s. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro accused the United States of backing vote fraud in Honduras, while the U.S. embassy on Monday called for a  transparent, impartial, and opportune election result.  Honduras struggles with violent drug gangs, one of world s highest murder rates and endemic poverty, driving a tide of its people to migrate to the United States.   ",1
13143,"New Zealand foreign minister praises China ties, damps fears of protectionism","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand will develop a close relationship with China, Foreign Minister Winston Peters said on Tuesday, putting to rest fears that his protectionist campaign rhetoric would fuel tension with a key trading partner. The 40-year political veteran played a decisive role in bringing the centre-left Labour Party to power in October after an inconclusive election left his nationalist New Zealand First party holding the balance of power. But many in China see New Zealand as a model for the Asian giant s relationship with Western countries, with President Xi Jinping last year calling the depth of the bond  unprecedented .  Our record of trade and economic firsts is dramatic,  Peters, who is also deputy prime minister, told academics and diplomats in Wellington, setting out his stance on China for the first time since taking office.  New Zealand will continue to seek closer cooperation with China as both countries focus on sustainable economic development and the wellbeing of our peoples,  Peters said, giving a complimentary account of 45 years of diplomatic ties.    Peters had campaigned on a protectionist platform, vowing to slash immigration and curb foreign investment, which fueled  concern he could anger the Asian giant, the country s top destination for goods exports. On the previous National government s watch, New Zealand became the first developed country to join the China-led Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank and helped usher in other Western countries, according to treasury officials. Trade between the two countries has grown to more than NZ$24 billion ($16.54 billion) a year and New Zealand was the first Western nation to formally sign up to China s sweeping Belt and Road global infrastructure initiative in March. The two are in the midst of negotiations to upgrade their 2008 free trade pact, which Peters said would  serve as a demonstration to our shared commitment to trade liberalization . He also defended China s human rights record, which has at times drawn fire from rights groups.  When you have hundreds of millions of people to be re-employed and relocated with the change of your economic structure you have some massive, huge problems,  Peters said.  Sometimes commentators in the West should have a little more regard to that, and the economic outcome for those people, rather than constantly harping on about the romance of freedom.  China s crackdown on activists and lawyers in its campaign to stifle dissent was  alarming , New York-based Human Rights Watch said in September. ($1=1.4512 New Zealand dollars) ",1
13144,Macau suspends pro-democracy lawmaker as critics protest,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Macau has suspended a pro-democracy lawmaker for alleged  disobedience  after he took to the street instead of staying on a sidewalk during a protest, as activists warn suppression of civil rights is growing in the China-ruled gambling hub. The suspension of the lawmaker is the first since 1999, when the former Portuguese colony returned to China within a  one country, two systems  framework that allows a free press and an independent judiciary, liberties denied on the mainland.  It s a dark day for Macau,  said Jose Coutinho, one of four legislators who voted against the suspension in Monday s secret ballot, which drew 28 votes in favor.  I am sad and disillusioned with this outcome.   There were numerous illegalities in the ballot and the lawmaker, 26-year-old Sulu Sou, should have been given an opportunity to defend himself, Coutinho added. Sou is awaiting trial over a protest in 2016 against a perceived conflict of interest in the transfer of 100 million yuan ($15 million) from the charitable government-linked Macau Foundation to a Chinese university on whose board its chief executive, Fernando Chui, sits.   No date has been set for Sou s trial, but the assembly vote strips him of his duties, and he can only return if he is found not guilty or gets a jail term shorter than 30 days.   Many in Macau fear the decision signals authorities intend  to follow a path similar to that of former British colony Hong Kong, which has jailed several pro-democracy activists, including a lawmaker, Nathan Law, in the past year.  This may be the beginning of the death sentence to Macau s rule of law, and it will end up having an impact in the casino industry,  said Jorge Menezes, a lawyer who has lived in Macau since 1997.  Sou was stripped of his rights to participate in the debate and vote in a clear violation of the assembly s rules,  said Menezes, adding that such violations could apply elsewhere in Macau, including the casino industry. Macau is the world s biggest gambling hub, home to U.S. companies Las Vegas Sands, Wynn Resorts and MGM Resorts as well as Melco Resorts, Galaxy Entertainment and SJM Holdings.  The casinos have all reaped billions of dollars in the only place where Chinese citizens are allowed to gamble but will be at the mercy of authorities when their licenses start to expire in 2020. Sou, who has challenged the government on several issues since becoming a lawmaker in September, vowed to fight on.  We stick together for the very same goal that put us on this course to fight for justice,  grassroots supporter the New Macau Association, which has stood by him, said on social media site Facebook.  ",1
13145,U.N. political affairs chief to visit North Korea this week,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations  political affairs chief will visit North Korea this week, making the highest-level visit by a U.N. official in more than six years as tensions grip the region over Pyongyang s nuclear and weapons programs. Jeffrey Feltman, a former senior official of the U.S. State Department, will visit from Tuesday to Friday and meet with officials to discuss  issues of mutual interest and concern,  the United Nations said. He will meet with North Korea Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and Vice Minister Pak Myong Guk, said U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric, adding that the visit was in response to  a long-standing invitation from the authorities in Pyongyang for a policy dialogue with the U.N.   He will also meet with the United Nations Country Team and members of the diplomatic corps, as well as visit U.N. project sites,  Dujarric told reporters, adding that Feltman was also visiting China. Feltman will be the first senior U.N. official to travel to North Korea since his predecessor Lynn Pascoe visited in February 2010 and former U.N. aid chief Valerie Amos visited in October 2011, the United Nations said. The visit comes at a time of high tension over North Korea s program to develop nuclear tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States, including the test of Pyongyang s largest intercontinental ballistic missile last week. An official of the U.S. State Department said it was  aware  of the planned trip, when asked in Washington backed the initiative.  The United States will continue to work with other countries, including the members of the U.N. Security Council, to increase diplomatic and economic pressure on (North Korea) to convince the regime to abandon its illegal nuclear weapons and missile development programs,  the official added.  It is imperative that the countries of the world present North Korea with a unified, unambiguous response to its unlawful provocations.  The official said the U.S. focus remained on finding a peaceful diplomatic solution to the crisis, but  the reality is that the regime has shown no interest in credible negotiations.  While stressing that it favors a diplomatic solution, President Donald Trump s administration has said it will never accept North Korea as a nuclear-armed state and has warned that all options, including military ones, are on the table. On Monday, the United States and South Korea went ahead with large-scale joint aerial drills, a move North Korea had said would push the Korean peninsula to  the brink of nuclear war.   Russia and China wanted the drills called off.  North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its missile and nuclear programs. At a U.N. Security Council meeting last week to discuss the missile test, U.N. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said that while Washington does not seek war with Pyongyang,  if war comes, make no mistake, the North Korean regime will be utterly destroyed.  Dujarric said North Korea issued the invitation for Feltman to visit on the sidelines of the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations in New York in September, but the visit was confirmed only late last week.     When asked if Feltman was paving the way for a visit by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Dujarric said:  We hope to have more afterwards.  There are about 50 international staff working for six U.N. agencies in North Korea - the U.N. Development Programme, the U.N. children s agency UNICEF, the World Health Organization, the World Food Programme, the Food and Agriculture Organization and the U.N. Population Fund. ",1
13146,Japan wants missiles with enough range to strike North Korea: sources,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is preparing to acquire precision air-launched missiles that for the first time would give it the capability to strike North Korean missile sites, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.  Japan plans to put money aside in its next defense budget starting April to study whether its F-15 fighters could launch longer-range missiles including Lockheed Martin Corp s  extended-range Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM-ER), which can hit targets 1,000 km (620 miles) away, said one the sources with knowledge of the plan.  There is a global trend for using longer range missiles and it is only natural that Japan would want to consider them,  he said. The sources asked to remain anonymous as they were not authorized to talk to media. Japan is also interested in buying the 500 km-range Joint Strike Missile designed by Norway s Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace to be carried by the F-35 stealth fighter, Fuji Television reported earlier. Neither of those two items are included in a 5.26 trillion yen ($46.76 billion) budget request already submitted by Japan s Ministry of Defence, however additional funds would be made available to evaluate the purchase of these missiles, the sources said.  The change suggests that the growing threat posed by North Korean ballistic missiles has given proponents of a strike capability the upper hand in military planning. Restrictions on strike weapons imposed by its war-renouncing constitution means Japan s missile force is composed of anti-aircraft and anti-ship munitions with ranges of less than 300 kms (186 miles).  Any decision to buy longer range weapons capable of striking North Korea or even the Chinese mainland would therefore be controversial, but proponents argue that the strike weapons can play a defensive role.   We are not currently looking at funding for this,   Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said on Tuesday at a regular press briefing.  We rely on the United States to strike enemy bases and are not looking at making any changes to how we share our roles,  he added. Before he took up his post in August, Onodera led a group of ruling Liberal Democratic Party lawmakers that recommended Japan acquire strike weapons to deter Pyongyang from launching any attack on Japan. North Korea has since fired ballistic missiles over Japan and last week tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile that climbed to an altitude of more than 4,000 km before splashing into the Sea of Japan within Japan s exclusive economic zone.   ",1
13147,Leftist leader backs Guillier in Chile's run-off presidential election,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - The leader of an influential leftist bloc in Chile endorsed center-left presidential hopeful Alejandro Guillier on Monday over conservative Sebastian Pinera in next week s run-off election. Beatriz Sanchez, the flagbearer for the hard-left Frente Amplio coalition, said Pinera s suggestion that ballots had been tampered with in the first-round election had changed her mind about staying quiet on whom she would vote for in the run-off.  That crosses the line and that s why today I ve decided...to vote against Sebastian Pinera,  Sanchez told journalists.  My vote will be for Alejandro Guillier.  Winning over Sanchez voters has been seen as essential for a Guillier triumph over Pinera in the second-round vote. As Frente Amplio s presidential candidate, Sanchez secured twice as many votes as expected by opinion polls and came two points short of moving onto the run-off election with Pinera. But it was unclear if Sanchez  somewhat reluctant endorsement of Guillier would be enough to get her supporters excited about heading to polls Dec. 17. Last week, Frente Amplio refrained from endorsing Guillier and demanded he clarify his proposals. Pinera, a former president who governed Chile between 2010 and 2014, had been expected to easily win this year s election before his disappointing performance in the Nov. 19 first-round vote. On Monday, Pinera said on a local radio program that some voters had reported that ballots were pre-marked in favor of his rivals in the first-round election and that he would have more supporters supervising voting stations in the run-off vote. Chile s electoral authority said it had received no complaints of irregularities and Pinera s remarks were widely criticized.  Let s be responsible and not discredit our democratic institutions,  outgoing center-left President Michelle Bachelet said on Twitter. Pinera said in an impromptu news conference later on Monday that he did not mean to cast doubt over election results but reiterated that he believed ballots had been tampered with. ",1
13148,U.N. rights team warns Mexico of 'crisis' in journalists' safety,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Monday the Mexican government is struggling to keep journalists safe and prosecute their oppressors, after officials toured regions of the country that are among the most dangerous in the world for reporters. Mexican federal prosecutors have yet to secure any convictions for crimes against reporters due to ineffective probes and scant resources, said the U.N. s special rapporteur for freedom of expression, David Kaye, and his counterpart from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, Edison Lanza.  They released a preliminary report describing a  profound crisis of safety  after a week-long tour of Mexico City and the violent states of Veracruz, Guerrero, Tamaulipas and Sinaloa, and plan to release detailed recommendations in the spring.  Past prosecutors didn t have the same political will to actually get the job done,  said Kaye, expressing cautious hope that current prosecutors will do more to address the problem.  There s a bit more attention to getting this done right. I hope what we heard wasn t just words because we are here,  he added after the two met with 250 reporters on their trip. A news photographer in the state of San Luis Potosi last October was the 11th journalist murdered so far this year, according to advocacy group Article 19, equaling the death toll in 2016, which was the bloodiest year for journalists on record in Mexico. Murders are on track to reach a record high this year, as Mexico continues grappling with turf wars between violent drug gangs that have convulsed the country for more than a decade. In the past 17 years, 111 journalists have been killed in Mexico, 38 of them under the administration of President Enrique Pena Nieto. Kaye said the prosecutor s office tasked with investigating attacks on reporters, formed in 2006, needs to deter such crimes by committing substantial resources to solving a single high-profile case, or a handful of them.   Until that happens, there will be very little prevention, and very little ending of this cycle of violence,  Kaye said.   He and Lanza also said Mexico s government must devote more funding and staff to a journalist protection program launched in 2012, taking measures such as daily monitoring of the situation in states where reporters are most at risk, and helping them to continue to work if they are forced to leave their homes.  It has an amount of money that s absurdly insufficient for the emergency that it s facing,  Lanza said.  ",1
13149,"Brazilian prosecutor accuses ex-minister, congressman of money laundering: media","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s prosecutor general officially presented money laundering and criminal association charges against six people, including a former federal minister and a congressman, Brazilian media reported on Monday evening. According to newspapers Estad o and O Globo, the prosecutor general sent the formal accusations to Brazil s Supreme Court, which will now decide on further actions. The prosecutor officially accused Geddel Vieira Lima, the papers said, who was in charge of President Michel Temer s relations with Congress until November 2016. The charges related to a previously disclosed corruption probe, in which his fingerprints were found in bags hiding more than 51 million reais ($15.7 million) in cash. The prosecutor also accused Geddel s brother and a federal congressman, L cio Vieira Lima, their mother, Marluce Vieira Lima, a former advisor to L cio, Job Ribeiro, the ex-director of the civil defense force for the city of Salvador, Gustavo Ferraz, and a partner at construction company Cosbat, Luiz Fernando Costa Filho, O Globo reported. Among the possible sources of the 51 million reais of cash, the prosecutor said according to the paper, were bribes from embattled construction firm Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] and kickbacks related to President Temer s Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMBD). The prosecutor general s office, a lawyer for Vieira Lima and representatives of Odebrecht did not immediately respond to requests for comment outside normal business hours. Lawyers for the other defendants could not immediately be reached for comment. Brazil has been wracked by corruption cases that have reached all levels of business and government in recent years, shattering the public s faith in the political class. Just weeks ago, police arrested the head of the Rio state assembly and two other state assemblymen on corruption charges, all of whom were also members of Temer s PMDB. ",1
13150,Construction executives detained in Peru in graft probe,"LIMA (Reuters) - Four former and current executives of Peruvian construction companies were detained pending trial on Monday, accused of colluding with Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL] to bribe a former president. Judge Richard Concepcion ordered the men, who deny wrongdoing, to be held in pre-trial jail to ensure they do not flee or obstruct the law, as prosecutors prepare criminal charges. The decision marked the first time executives from major Peruvian companies have been jailed in the  Car Wash  scandal, Brazil s largest-ever corruption probe that has widened to include other Latin American countries. Odebrecht has admitted to bribing local officials in 12 countries to secure public works contracts over the course of a decade and promised authorities that it would provide details. Prosecutor Hamilton Castro accused Jose Alejandro Grana and Hernando Alejandro Grana, who once headed Peru s biggest construction group Grana y Montero, and Fernando Gonzalo and Jose Fernando Castillo, who work for two private contractors, of providing $15 million of a $20 million bribe that Odebrecht paid. The money was paid to ex-president Alejandro Toledo to secure highway contracts that the companies partnered together on a decade ago and had been disguised on company books as the cost of  additional risks  covered by Odebrecht, Castro said at a court hearing. The judge also ordered Gonzalo Ferraro, a former Grana y Montero manager who was in local hospital, to be placed under house arrest. All five men deny any wrongdoing and are appealing the judge s ruling, said Ferraro s attorney Roger Yon. Grana y Montero, and the two private companies, JJC Contratistas Generales and Ingenieros Civiles y Contratistas Generales, declined to comment. The three companies have previously denied knowing about or taking part in Odebrecht s bribes. Grana y Montero s U.S.-listed shares closed 6.9 percent lower on Monday.  The corruption probe has shaken up the local construction sector as the government prepares to award nearly $8 billion in contracts for rebuilding infrastructure and housing destroyed by flooding. President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, who served in Toledo s cabinet when the highway contracts were awarded, has said he knew nothing about the alleged bribe for Toledo.     Toledo, ordered to pre-trial detention in February, has denied taking bribes from Odebrecht. Peru is seeking his extradition from the United States. A second former President, Ollanta Humala, has been in pre-trial detention since July and denies allegations he took illicit funds from Odebrecht.                     ",1
13151,Trump delays announcement on whether U.S. embassy to be moved to Jerusalem,"ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will not announce a decision on Monday on whether he will again delay moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a White House spokesman said, despite Monday s deadline for doing so. An announcement on the decision will be made  in coming days,  White House spokesman Hogan Gidley told reporters aboard Air Force One as Trump was returning from a trip to Utah. Trump had been due to decide whether to sign a waiver that would hold off relocating the embassy from Tel Aviv for another six months, as every U.S. president has done since Congress passed a law on the issue in 1995. Senior U.S. officials have said that Trump is expected to issue a temporary order, the second since he took office, to delay moving the embassy despite his campaign pledge to go ahead with the controversial action. But the officials have said Trump is likely to give a speech on Wednesday unilaterally recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a step that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East. They have said, however, that no final decisions have been made.  The president has been clear on this issue from the get-go; that it s not a matter of if, but a matter of when,  Gidley said. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on all of the city, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions.         ",1
13152,Support for Brazil's pension reform more organized: lawmaker,"BRASILIA/RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - The government of Brazil s President Michel Temer is far from assembling the coalition needed to pass a landmark pension reform, but potential supporters of the measure are now more organized, a key legislator said on Monday.  We re still enormously far (from having the needed votes), but we have a party leader committed, a party president committed, one party that s set to commit,  Brazil s lower house speaker, Rodrigo Maia, told journalists after an event in Rio de Janeiro. Pension reform is the cornerstone policy in President Temer s efforts to bring Brazil s deficit under control. But the measure is widely unpopular with Brazilians, who are accustomed to a relatively expansive welfare net. In order to curry support from Congress, Temer and his allies watered down their original proposal in November, requiring fewer years of contributions by private sector workers to receive a pension. According to several government sources, Temer s allies have grown more optimistic in the last week about the reform s chances. However, speed is essential for the bill s passage. A congressional recess begins on Dec. 22, and lawmaking thereafter will be hampered by politics, as lawmakers ramp up their campaigns for 2018 elections. ",1
13153,OAS says Honduran vote results in doubt due to 'irregularities',"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Observers cannot be certain of the results of Honduras  Nov. 26 presidential vote due to irregularities, errors and systematic problems, the top representative of the Organization of America States (OAS) in Honduras said on Monday. Former Bolivian President Jorge Quiroga and head of the OAS mission to Honduras told reporters that electoral authorities should carry out a wider recount after a ballot count pointed to a win for incumbent Juan Orlando Hernandez. ",1
13154,'Kiss of death' to two-state solution if Jerusalem declared Israel capital: PLO envoy,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A formal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel would be the  kiss of death  to the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the Palestine Liberation Organization s chief representative in Washington said on Monday.  Should such a step be taken, it would have catastrophic consequences,  Husam Zomlot told Reuters in an interview.   That would be actually the kiss of death to the two-state solution because Jerusalem is at the very heart of the two-state solution,  Zomlot said. A senior administration official told Reuters last week that U.S. President Donald Trump would likely make the announcement on Wednesday, although his adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, said the president had not yet made a final decision. Such a declaration would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East. Past U.S. presidents have insisted that the status of Jerusalem - home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions - must be decided in negotiations between the two sides.  Should the two-state solution receive that final lethal blow, then the main reaction from us will be strategic and political because we are not going to be engaged in an empty process,  Zomlot said. Israeli officials have made clear they would welcome U.S. endorsement of their claim of sovereignty over all of Jerusalem.     There was no immediate comment from the Israeli government to Zomlot s comments. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. It later annexed it, declaring the whole of the city as its capital - a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Kushner is leading Trump s efforts to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, efforts that so far have shown little progress. Zomlot warned the role of the United States as a mediator in the conflict would be effectively torpedoed if Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel.  It will be a self-inflicted disqualification of the U.S. from the role of the mediator ... (which) will be irreversible because by then the U.S. would be part of the problem, not part of the solution,  he said. Trump suggested earlier this year he was open to new ways to achieve Middle East peace that did not necessarily entail the creation of a Palestinian state, a hallmark of U.S. policy for decades. Trump is again expected to delay moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, U.S. officials said on Friday, speaking on condition of anonymity. Saudi Arabia s ambassador to Washington, Prince Khalid bin Salman, said on Monday that any U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem before a final settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would harm the peace process and increase regional tensions.  Jordan, the Arab League and Turkey have also warned against the dangers of such a move. ",1
13155,Israeli missiles target Syrian military facility near Damascus: Syrian state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian state media on Monday said Israel had fired missiles at a Syrian military facility in the Damascus countryside, adding that Syrian air defense systems had intercepted three of the missiles.  Our air defenses are confronting an Israeli missile attack on one of our sites in the Damascus suburbs and three of the targets were downed,  state news agency SANA said, adding the attacks happened at 11:30 p.m. Monday. A witness told Reuters late on Monday three strong explosions were heard from the direction of Jamraya, west of Damascus. Another witness said thick smoke could be seen rising over the area.  Jamraya contains a military research facility which was hit by what was believed to have been an Israeli attack in 2013. Israel in the past has targeted positions of Lebanon s powerful Hezbollah group inside Syria where the Iran-backed group is heavily involved in fighting alongside the Syrian army. On Saturday Syrian state media said Israeli missiles struck a military position south of Damascus, and in September Israel attacked a Syrian military site believed to be linked to chemical weapons production.  An Israeli military spokeswoman said they do not comment on foreign reports.  War monitor the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, from its sources, said planes believed to be Israeli had fired missiles into the Jamraya area.  ",1
13156,German SPD to start talks with Merkel next week if members agree,"BERLIN/MUNICH (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said on Monday he would launch talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party gave him the green light at a congress this weekend. The remarks by Martin Schulz raised hopes that the two parties that suffered losses to the far right in an election in September could renew an alliance that has ruled Germany since 2013 and end the political deadlock in Europe s largest economy. Merkel turned to the SPD after failing to form a three-way alliance with the left-leaning Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats, plunging Germany into a political impasse and raising doubt about her future after 12 years in power.  We ll explore whether and how the formation of a government is possible in Germany,  Schulz told journalists. The SPD party board leadership had earlier set down its key demands for coalition talks with the conservatives. On the divisive issue of immigration, one of the main reasons for the collapse of Merkel s first effort, the SPD said it opposed a conservative plan to extend a ban on the right to family reunions for some asylum seekers.  Family reunions and family cohabitation lead to good integration,  the SPD document said.  That s why we are against extending the suspension of family reunions.  In a sign of the tensions likely to bubble up between the parties, Horst Seehofer, leader of the arch-conservative Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), warned the SPD not to try to prevent attempts to extend the ban on family reunifications.  That would lead to such a huge migrant influx again that Germany s ability to integrate them all would be completely overstretched,  Seehofer, leader of the Christian Social Union (CSU), told Bild newspaper. Merkel could also face complications from her own camp. Her arch-conservative CSU allies in Bavaria on Monday named right-winger Markus Soeder to be their candidate for the state premiership in a regional election next autumn, potentially weakening her hand as she negotiates with the SPD. Merkel s CDU and the CSU bled support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in September s federal election because of anger at the chancellor s decision in 2015 to open Germany s door to more than a million asylum seekers. The CSU now fears losing more votes at regional level. The future of Seehofer had been in question since the election. After the losses, Merkel reluctantly accepted a CSU demand to put a limit on the number of asylum seekers Germany will accept each year. Asked why he was clearing the stage for Soeder to lead the CSU in next year s vote in Bavaria, Seehofer said:  The past doesn t win you any elections.  Soeder, who has accused Merkel of pulling the conservatives to the left and took a hard line on Greece during the euro zone crisis, is likely to be a bigger thorn in Merkel s side than Seehofer, who is expected to remain party leader.  For its part, the SPD, which has governed in coalition under Merkel since 2013, suffered its worst election result in postwar history in September, and had been reluctant to join another  grand coalition . It dropped its pledge to go into opposition only after Merkel failed to form a government, bowing to pressure from President Frank-Walter Steinmeier to ease the deadlock. The SPD will hold a party congress in Berlin this weekend, where it is expected to debate its position on coalition talks. Kevin Kuehnert, the head of the SPD s youth wing - which opposes another grand coalition - told Die Welt newspaper that the outgoing CDU-CSU-SPD government had been characterized by  cheap and often quite bad compromises, such as on urgently needed investment in education and infrastructure . The SPD did not stake out a position on the conservatives  upper limit on refugees in its policy document. But it did say Germany should work with French President Emmanuel Macron on strengthening the European project through policies geared to fight high youth unemployment. It did not mention key proposals by Macron that the euro zone should have its own budget and finance minister, but it did refer to his plan for closer defense cooperation. On the economy, the SPD s proposals for more rights for workers and employee-friendly regulation of the large temporary work sector could draw fire from the CSU. The long political impasse is starting to worry investors. An investor sentiment survey tracking Germany fell in December. The research group Sentix said investors wanted to know how expensive a tie-up with the SPD would be. ",1
13157,France's Macron tells Trump concerned over Jerusalem plans,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron told U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday that he was worried about the possibility that the United States could unilaterally recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, Macron s office said in a statement.  The French President expressed his concern over the possibility that the United States would unilaterally recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel,  the statement said, after Macron and Trump spoke over the phone.  Mr Emmanuel Macron reaffirmed that the question of Jerusalem s status had to be dealt with in the framework of peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians, with the aim in particular to establish two countries, Israel and Palestine, living in peace and security side by side with Jerusalem as capital.  Trump has not yet made a decision on whether to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, his adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner said on Sunday, a move that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East.  ",1
13158,"Saudi says U.S. announcement on Jerusalem to hurt peace process, heighten tensions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Monday any U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem before a final settlement is reached in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would hurt the peace process and heighten regional tensions.  Any U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem prior to a final settlement would have a detrimental impact on the peace process and would heighten tensions in the region,  Saudi Ambassador Prince Khalid bin Salman said in a statement.  The kingdom s policy - has been - and remains in support of the Palestinian people, and this has been communicated to the U.S. administration.  ",1
13159,Swiss to return $321 million in stolen funds to Nigeria,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland will return to Nigeria around $321 million in assets seized from the family of former military ruler Sani Abacha via a deal signed with the World Bank on Monday, the Swiss government said. Transparency International, a corruption watchdog, has accused Abacha of stealing up to $5 billion of public money during the five years he ran the oil-rich country, from 1993 until his death in 1998. In 2014, Nigeria and the Abacha family reached an agreement for the West African country to get back the funds, which had been frozen, in return for dropping a complaint against the former military ruler s son, Abba Abacha. The son was charged by a Swiss court with money-laundering, fraud and forgery in April 2005, after being extradited from Germany, and later spent 561 days in custody.  In 2006, Luxembourg ordered that funds held by the younger Abacha be frozen. Now Switzerland, Nigeria and the World Bank have agreed the funds will be repatriated via a project supported and overseen by the World Bank, the Swiss government said.  The project will strengthen social security for the poorest sections of the Nigerian population. The agreement also regulates the disbursement of restituted funds in tranches and sets out concrete measures to be taken in the event of misuse or corruption,  it added. ",1
13160,U.S. calls on Yemen's warring factions to re-energize talks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is calling on all sides in Yemen to re-energize political talks to end the country s civil war, a Trump administration official said on Monday, after former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed in a roadside attack. Analysts said Saleh s death would be a huge morale boost for the Iran-aligned Houthis, since Saleh had switched sides by abandoning the Houthis in favor of a Saudi-led coalition. The U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, added that Houthi claims on Sunday they launched a missile at Abu Dhabi demonstrated  how destabilizing this war is for the region and how the Iranian regime is exploiting the war for its own political ambitions.  ",1
13161,Lebanon's Hariri to meet major powers in Paris,"PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri will meet ministers from major powers in Paris on Friday to discuss ways of stabilizing his country a month after his shock resignation plunged it into political turmoil, three diplomats said. The Arab and European diplomats said Hariri would take part in the meeting of the International Lebanon Support Group, a body that includes the five members of the U.N. Security Council - Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States. Hariri resigned as prime minister in early November while he was in Saudi Arabia, prompting a political crisis in Lebanon and thrusting it back into a regional tussle between Riyadh and its main regional foe, Iran. Hariri has now returned to Beirut and indicated that he might withdraw his resignation, which was never accepted by the president.      Lebanese officials say Saudi Arabia had coerced Hariri, a long-time ally of the kingdom, into resigning and held him there against his will until an intervention by France led to his return to Lebanon. Saudi Arabia denies this. A European diplomat said the aim of the meeting would be  to put pressure on the Saudis and Iranians . He added that the meeting would be an opportunity to reinforce that the Lebanese must stick by the state policy of  disassociation , or keeping out of regional conflicts.   Before Hariri sets off, Lebanon s cabinet is this week set to meet for the first time since the political crisis erupted.  The date of the cabinet meeting has not yet been confirmed but it is expected to address Hariri s resignation.  A Lebanese MP who met Hariri on Monday said discussions among politicians were  moving positively  and would result in a  unanimous stance  by the cabinet soon.  The comments from MP Wael Abu Faour were published by Hariri s office on Monday.  The Lebanon support group, launched in 2013, also includes the European Union, the Arab League and the United Nations. ",1
13162,Lebanon's cabinet to meet Tuesday for first time since political crisis: media office,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s cabinet will meet on Tuesday for the first time since the country entered a political crisis a month ago when Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri offered his resignation in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia.  The cabinet s media office said the session would begin at noon at the presidential palace. The meeting is expected to address Hariri s resignation which thrust Lebanon back into a regional tussle between Riyadh and its main regional foe, Iran. ",1
13163,South Africa's Ramaphosa gets most nominations ahead of ANC leadership vote,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa has received the most nominations for leader of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) ahead of a party vote this month, voting data from the country s nine provinces show. Ramaphosa is one of two frontrunners in a closely watched contest to take over from President Jacob Zuma as ANC leader at a party conference starting on Dec. 16. Whoever becomes ANC leader will most likely be the next president of South Africa, owing to the ruling party s electoral dominance. Ramaphosa received 1,862 nominations by ANC branches, whereas his main rival for ANC leader, former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, received 1,309 endorsements. Reuters compiled the number of nominations for each candidate based on voting data released by provincial ANC structures. ANC officials in the provinces of Limpopo and KwaZulu-Natal were the last to release their nominations totals on Monday. Ramaphosa, a former trade union leader and millionaire businessman, is seen as more market-friendly than Dlamini-Zuma, who was previously married to Zuma. Signs that Ramaphosa has been doing well in the nominations by ANC branches have boosted the rand currency in recent weeks. However, Dlamini-Zuma could still win the race for ANC leader as analysts say the outcome in December could be swayed by inducements and pressure on conference delegates.  Delegates are not bound to vote for the candidate that was nominated by their ANC branch. ",1
13164,U.S. defense chief urges Pakistan to redouble efforts against militants,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis met Pakistan s civilian and military leaders on Monday and urged them to  redouble  their efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry out attacks in neighboring Afghanistan. Mattis, on a one-day visit to Pakistan, said the South Asian nation had made progress in the fight against militancy inside its borders but needed to make more. More than 100 days since U.S. President Donald Trump announced a South Asia strategy that calls for a firmer line toward Islamabad, U.S. officials and analysts say there has been only limited success and it is not clear how progress will be made. U.S. officials have long been frustrated by what they see as Pakistan s reluctance to act against groups such as the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network that they believe exploit safe haven on Pakistani soil to launch attacks in Afghanistan.  The Secretary reiterated that Pakistan must redouble its efforts to confront militants and terrorists operating within the country,  the Pentagon said in a statement. Mattis, who visited Pakistan for the first time as defense secretary, said before the trip that the goal for his meetings with Pakistani officials would be to find  common ground . In his discussion with Mattis, Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi said the two allies shared objectives.  We re committed (to) the war against terror,  he said.  Nobody wants peace in Afghanistan more than Pakistan.  Mattis also met with high-ranking officials from Pakistan s powerful military, including army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa and Lieutenant-General Naveed Mukhtar, the head of the Inter-Services Intelligence spy agency that U.S. officials say has links with Haqqani and Taliban militants. A U.S. defense official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Mattis  conversations had been  straightforward  and specific. The official said one of the topics of conversation was getting Pakistan to help bring the Taliban to the negotiating table   In August, Trump outlined a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, chastising Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants. But beyond that, the Trump administration has done little to articulate its strategy, experts say.  U.S. officials say they have not seen a change in Pakistan s support for militants, despite visits by senior U.S. officials, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  We have been very direct and very clear with the Pakistanis ... we have not seen those changes implemented yet,  General John Nicholson, the top U.S. general in Afghanistan, said last week. Pakistani officials have pushed back on the U.S. accusations and say they have done a great deal to help the United States in tracking down militants. U.S. official expressed hope relations could improve after a U.S.-Canadian couple kidnapped in Afghanistan were freed in Pakistan in October with their three children. While the Trump administration has used tougher words with Pakistan, it is has yet to change Islamabad s calculus. Some experts say the United States loses clout in Pakistan when it is seen as bullying. While Mattis traveled to the region earlier this year, he did not stop in Pakistan, but visited its arch rival, India, a relationship that has grown under the Trump administration.   There is not an effective stick anymore because Pakistan doesn t really care about U.S aid, it has been dwindling anyway and it is getting the money it needs elsewhere ... treat it with respect and actually reward it when it does do something good,  said Madiha Afzal, with the Brookings Institution. Mattis  brief visit to Islamabad comes a week after a hardline Pakistani Islamist group called off nationwide protests after the government met its demand that a minister accused of blasphemy resign. Separately, a Pakistani Islamist accused of masterminding a bloody 2008 assault in the Indian city of Mumbai was freed from house arrest. The White House said the release could have repercussions for U.S.-Pakistan relations.  I think for Pakistan, the timing is very bad. There is talk about progress being made against extremists and here you have a situation where religious hardliners have basically been handed everything they wanted on a silver platter,  said Michael Kugelman, with the Woodrow Wilson think tank in Washington. ",1
13165,Former Egypt premier says he's 'fine' and still mulling election bid,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik, who returned home from the United Arab Emirates in mysterious circumstances after announcing his bid for Egypt s presidency, told Reuters on Monday he was  fine  but was prevented from saying much more. A Reuters reporter approached Shafik at a Marriott Hotel in a Cairo suburb, where he was accompanied by men in civilian clothes who refused to let him talk and quickly sent the reporter away.  I m fine, thanks to God,  he replied when asked how he was, before three men shouted at the reporter to stop talking to him.  It is okay, leave it at that,  Shafik told the reporter. Reuters was unable to establish the identity of the three men. The former air force chief and government minister told a private Cairo television station on Sunday that he was still considering contesting next year s election, although Shafik was less categorical than his previous declaration of intent.  Today, I am here in the country, so I think I m free to deliberate further on the issue,  he told TV channel Dream.  There s a chance now to investigate and see exactly what is needed ... to feel out if this is the logical choice.  Some of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s critics consider 76-year-old Shafik to be the strongest potential challenger to the incumbent, who is widely expected to run for a second term next year. On Saturday, Shafik s family said he had been taken from their home in the Emirates and deported back to Egypt, where they said they had lost contact with him until late on Sunday. In Sunday s interview, he dismissed reports that he had been kidnapped.  I hadn t had a chance to prepare the house myself, so all I thought was I d go to one of the hotels. I was surprised - suddenly I m in the car and it s taking me to one of the nicest hotels in my area,  he said.  Here I am talking to you and I am not kidnapped. What are the requirements for being kidnapped?  Shafik s lawyer met him on Sunday at the hotel, saying only that he was in good health, but not whether he was able to leave the hotel or not. A source at the hotel said Shafik s reservation had been made by Egypt s armed forces, when asked for his room number to contact him. After announcing his intention to run for president, the former aviation minister under ousted president Hosni Mubarak and later prime minister during Egypt s 2011 revolt, began receiving indications of support from some on Cairo s streets. Pro-state media quickly painted him as a corrupt old regime hand with ties to the banned Muslim Brotherhood. An interior ministry official said there were no criminal charges pending against Shafik and there had been no order to deport him from the UAE or detain him in Cairo upon his arrival. But a general intelligence official and a national security official at the hotel said Shafik was  not entirely free , without giving details or further explanation. A Reuters witness and airport sources said Shafik had been accompanied in a convoy by Egyptian authorities after his arrival in Cairo. Sisi is an ally of UAE and Saudi Arabia and his supporters say he is key to Egypt s stability. Critics say he has eroded freedoms gained after a 2011 uprising that toppled Mubarak and jailed hundreds of dissidents. Sisi has won backing from Gulf states and has presented himself as a bulwark against Islamist militants since, as army commander, he led the overthrow in 2013 of former president Mohamed Mursi of the now banned Muslim Brotherhood. After four decades in the military, Shafik touted his military experience as one of his strengths in a 2012 election, which he narrowly lost to Mursi. Shafik fled to UAE to escape corruption charges in June 2012. He dismissed the charges as politically motivated and was taken off airport watchlists last year. Sisi has yet to announce his own intentions for the election. His supporters dismiss criticism over rights abuses and say any measures are needed for security in the face of an Islamist insurgency that has killed hundreds of police and soldiers. His government is struggling to crush the insurgency in the North Sinai region and has enacted painful austerity reforms over the last year which critics say have eroded his popularity. ",1
13166,Somalia's peacekeeping mission could be hurt by cut in force size: mission chief,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - The African Union s plan to trim its Somalia peacekeeping force (AMISOM) will hurt the mission unless extra equipment is found to offset the troop decrease, the mission s leader told Reuters on Monday. The force of 22,000 deployed a decade ago is set to lose 1,000 soldiers this year as part of a long-term plan to pull out of the country and hand security to the Somali army. AMISOM is confronting the Islamist militant group al Shabaab, whose ranks have been swelled by Islamic State fighters fleeing military setbacks in Libya and Syria. Militants killed more than 500 people in an attack in the capital Mogadishu last month. It was the deadliest such attack in the country s recent history. AMISOM deployed to help secure the government of a country that since 1991 has struggled to establish central control. The peacekeepers helped push al Shabaab out of Mogadishu but the group still frequently attacks civilian and military targets.  Unless we have a proportionate forces multiplier in terms of equipment ... intelligence, electronic intelligence, that (withdrawal) will have a very considerable effect on our mission,  AMISOM head Fransisco Madeira told Reuters.  We believe the U.N. will find ways and means of covering or making up the gap that might result.  The diplomat from Mozambique was speaking on the sidelines of a security conference in Mogadishu. He said it was hard to estimate the number of al Shabaab fighters. Somalia s minister of internal security Mohamed Abukar Islow told Reuters the government wants the lifting of an arms embargo  so that our forces get enough weapons and military equipment.  The United Nations imposed an arms embargo on Somalia shortly after the nation plunged into civil war in the early 1990s. It partially lifted the ban in 2013 to help equip government forces. ",1
13167,Irish border row thwarts May bid to clinch Brexit trade deal,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May failed to clinch a deal on Monday to open talks on post-Brexit free trade with the European Union after a tentative deal with Dublin to keep EU rules in Northern Ireland angered her allies in Belfast. The British leader had sat down to lunch with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker hoping that a last-minute offer to the Irish government of  regulatory alignment  on both sides of a new UK-EU land border would remove a last obstacle to the EU open talks next week on future trade. Yet as May and Juncker spoke in Brussels and the pound rose on prospects of free trade and perhaps a very  soft Brexit , Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) issued an uncompromising reiteration of its refusal to accept any  divergence  from rules on the British mainland. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar cancelled a news conference and the pound fell back, losing a cent against the dollar, as May and Juncker emerged to say there was still not  sufficient progress  on divorce terms to move ahead. May agreed with Juncker that a deal could be reached in a few days before the EU summit on Dec. 14-15, but that promise did little to stem recriminations at home, where Brexit campaigners want Britain to become what one called a  free agent  and set its own rules. Varadkar shared the view of some officials in Brussels that it was an opportunity missed.  I m surprised and disappointed that the U.K. government appears not to be in a position to conclude what was agreed earlier today,  he told a news conference in Dublin.  I accept that the British prime minister has asked for more time and I know that she faces many challenges and I acknowledge that she is negotiating in good faith but my position and that of the Irish government is unequivocal.  The Irish border has emerged as a defining issue for Brexit, one of the thorniest of three main issues, which include how much Britain should pay to leave and protections for expatriate citizens rights, to be settled before moving talks forward. With time running down after Britain triggered the two-year divorce process in March, May is keen to push the talks to a discussion of future trade to try to offer nervous businesses some certainty over their investment decisions.      All sides say they want to avoid a return to a hard border between EU member Ireland and the British province of Northern Ireland, which might upset the peace established after decades of violence. But they have found it difficult to find the right wording on guaranteeing the unguarded border as set out in the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement that will suit all sides. Dependent on the support of lawmakers in the DUP for a majority in parliament, May must keep them on board and has repeated that she wants to maintain the economic integrity of the United Kingdom in any Brexit deal. By suggesting May would settle for continued regulatory alignment if there was no alternative way, some in the DUP and in her own party fear Northern Ireland could get a kind of special status that could draw it away from the mainland. A DUP source said the party s leader, Arlene Foster, had spoken to May while she was in Brussels. The phone call took place shortly after Foster told supporters she would not allow a Brexit deal that created  regulatory divergence . The leaders of Scotland and Wales, and the mayor of London, also announced that they would want to follow suit if special terms were agreed for Northern Ireland.  We haven t decided to dismantle the United Kingdom and give in to the demands of the Irish government,  said pro-Brexit lawmaker Jacob Rees-Mogg after a Conservative Party meeting in London. May s aides were sanguine, saying expectations had been too high for what some had billed as a crunch meeting in Brussels, and they played down any involvement of the DUP in sinking the deal. One EU official even said the last-minute hitch may have been stage-managed to give the British prime minister some scope for saying she had fought hard for her position with the EU. Juncker hailed May as a  tough negotiator . May added:  We will reconvene before the end of the week and I am also confident that we will conclude this positively.  But European Council President Donald Tusk, who met May and who will chair next week s summit in Brussels, said that he had been ready to send draft negotiating guidelines for a free trade pact to EU leaders on Tuesday.  It is now getting very tight but agreement at December (summit) is still possible,  Tusk tweeted. ",1
13168,Exclusive: U.S. document certifies Honduras as supporting rights amid vote crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has certified that the Honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights, clearing the way for Honduras to receive millions of dollars in U.S. aid, a document seen by Reuters showed. The document, dated Nov. 28, which was seen by Reuters on Monday, showed that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson certified Honduras for the assistance, two days after a controversial presidential election that has been claimed by an ally of Washington. Honduras has faced violent protests over the disputed results of the election, which has still not produced a clear winner over a week after the vote ended. The decision to issue the certification prompted concern from some congressional Democrats that Republican President Donald Trump s administration could be seen to be taking sides.  What kind of message does that send?  one congressional aide asked. State Department officials did not have an immediate response when questioned about the timing of the certification.  Honduras is required to fulfill about a dozen requirements in order to receive its share of $644 million appropriated by the U.S. Congress under a program to assist Central American governments. Among those requirements are combating corruption - including investigating and prosecuting current and former government officials alleged to be corrupt - and protecting the rights of political opposition parties. Honduras struggles with violent drug gangs, one of the world s highest murder rates and endemic poverty. In recent years, many Hondurans - including children - have attempted to migrate to the United States. In hopes of stemming this migration, former President Barack Obama s administration in 2015 came up with a plan that included sending hundreds of millions of dollars in additional aid to Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Congress agreed to provide the money, if the governments were found to be taking steps to fight crime and corruption. A preliminary ballot count in Honduras on Monday pointed to a narrow victory for President Juan Orlando Hernandez over opposition challenger Salvador Nasralla, although the electoral tribunal has not declared a winner. Early last week, Nasralla, a former sportscaster and game show host, appeared set for an upset victory over Hernandez. The counting process suddenly halted for more than a day and began leaning in favor of Hernandez after resuming. Opposition leaders said they wanted a recount and have accused the government of stealing the election. Hernandez, 49, implemented a military-led crackdown on gang violence after taking office in 2014. He has been supported by Trump s chief of staff, John Kelly.  Nasralla, 64, is one of Honduras  best-known faces and is backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, a leftist ousted in a coup in 2009. ",1
13169,Finland should stay militarily non-aligned: prime minister,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland should remain militarily neutral because it helps ensure security in the Baltic Sea region, Prime Minister Juha Sipila said in an interview ahead of celebrations of the country s 100 years of independence. The EU member state was part of the Russian Empire and won independence during the 1917 Russian revolution but it nearly lost it fighting the Soviet Union in World War Two. The center-right government retains the option of seeking NATO membership but remaining non-aligned and increasing defense cooperation with Sweden and the EU was Finland s way, Sipila said.  At the moment, to have Finland and Sweden forming this militarily non-aligned zone, I think that increases the security and stability in the Baltic Sea region ... I see no reason to change this,  Sipila told Reuters by phone. Finland has stepped up military cooperation with Sweden and forged closer ties with NATO because it is concerned about Russia s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and heightened East-West tensions in the Baltic Sea.  However, the government has opted to stay out of NATO in line with its tradition of avoiding confrontation with Russia. A report commissioned by the government said last year that if Finland joined NATO it would lead to a crisis with Russia, which is also a major trade partner for Finland. Moscow has hinted that it could move troops closer to the Finnish-Russian border if Finland joins NATO.  It is clear that Finland is part of the West and the western community. That is our place,  Sipila said.  We want to be ... at the core of the European Union, influencing EU s future. But the main difference between us and the majority of EU states is our military non-alignment.  Polls show that only 22 percent of Finns support NATO membership, while 62 percent are opposed. Sipila, who leads Finland s Centre party, said any move to join would need public approval via a referendum. Finance Minister Petteri Orpo from Finland s poll-leading National Coalition party told Reuters last week he believed that joining NATO would improve Finland s security. ",1
13170,Spain's Supreme Court refuses bail for former Catalonia cabinet members,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Supreme Court refused bail on Monday for two Catalan pro-independence leaders accused of sedition ahead of regional elections that Madrid hopes will defuse the nation s worst political crisis in four decades. The ruling will leave the leaders of Catalonia s biggest secessionist groups behind bars during campaigning for the Dec. 21 election, and could generate sympathy for the independence movement just as opinion polls show some voters abandoning it. The battle between Madrid and secessionists in the wealthy northeast region has hurt the national economy and prompted thousands of companies to shift their legal headquarters outside Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of the Spanish economy. The former head of the regional government, Carles Puigdemont, and four of his disbanded cabinet, went in to self-imposed exile in Belgium shortly after a call for secession Oct. 27. They are currently under conditional release after an international arrest warrant was served against them.  The judge in Brussels on Monday said he would rule on Puigdemont s extradition Dec. 14. Eight members of the disbanded cabinet, including vice-president Oriol Junqueras, were detained in custody Nov. 2 facing potential charges of sedition, rebellion and misappropriation of funds. In a court statement, the judge ruled that, while he considered there was no risk the defendants would leave the country, he did believe there was a risk of criminal reiteration. The Catalan politicians have since called to be released to campaign for the election, with Junqueras heading his ERC party s list. Campaigning officially begins on Tuesday. Six other former members of the Catalonia cabinet also detained in custody were set bail of 100,000 euros ($118,570).  While many polls have shown that the election is likely to be a dead heat between the pro-independence and pro-unionist camps, the latest official poll saw the secessionists just losing their majority in the regional parliament.  Pro-independence party Junts per Catalunya was seen as winning 25-26 seats, ERC another 32 seats and extreme-left party CUP 9 seats, according to the poll carried out by Sociological Research Centre (CIS) published on Monday. That would give the secessionist camp just 67 seats in the 135-seat regional parliament, stripping them of the previous slim majority. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has flatly refused to negotiate any talks on an independence referendum, saying that the constitution does not allow for any separation of any of the country s 17 autonomous regions. The regional election was called to return legal certainty to Catalonia, Rajoy has said.  In an editorial in Politico, published on Sunday, Junqueras said Madrid could not be trusted to oversee the election, and called for the European Union to step in.  It is hard to believe that Spain s conservative People s Party government will actually respect the result of these elections. Therefore, it is vital that the European Union oversee the results to ensure they are truly respected, and to erase any doubts about the outcome,  he wrote. EU leaders are extremely wary of Catalonia s search for independence because it has stirred separatist feelings far beyond Spanish borders and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had called nationalism a  poison . Civic pro-independence group ANC, whose leader Jordi Sanchez was one of the defendants to be refused bail on Monday, has called for protests against the ruling at 8 pm (1900 GMT) in front of Catalan government buildings.  ($1 = 0.8434 euros) ",1
13171,Saudis pledge $100 million to African anti-jihadist force: Mali,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has pledged $100 million to a new regional military force battling jihadist groups in West Africa s Sahel region, force member Mali said on Monday.  The contribution would be a major boost to the cash-strapped force and bring pledged commitments to more than half the roughly $500 million the G5 Sahel says it needs for its first year of operations.   The G5 Sahel - composed of the armies of Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad - launched its first military campaign in October amid growing unrest in the Sahel, whose porous borders are regularly crossed by jihadists, including affiliates of al Qaeda and Islamic State. Those groups have stepped up attacks on civilian and military targets, including tourist attractions in regional capitals, raising fears the zone will become a new breeding ground for militants.   Mali s foreign ministry said Saudi Arabian authorities made the pledge during a visit to the kingdom late last month by Malian Foreign Minister Abdoulaye Diop.  Saudi Arabia s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Sunni Muslim kingdom is competing with its main rival, Shi ite power Iran, for influence across West Africa and other parts of the Muslim world. Donors from both countries have given money to mosques and other causes there. France, the G5 s most vocal foreign backer, has pressed Saudi Arabia to take concrete actions to fight Islamist militants. French President Emmanuel Macron asked Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to contribute to the G5 when he saw him in Riyadh last month.  The European Union, France, the United States and each of the G5 countries have also promised to fund the force.    ",1
13172,Bolivians spoil ballots in judicial vote to protest Morales,"LA PAZ (Reuters) - More than half the ballots cast in Bolivia s judicial elections on Sunday were spoiled, or nullified, by voters, a sign that the opposition said showed dwindling support for President Evo Morales. Tensions are high in Bolivia after the Constitutional Court last week gave Morales the green light to run for a fourth straight term in 2019. Morales  opponents encouraged voters to spoil their ballots in protest of the ruling. Morales, a former coca farmer in power since 2006, had previously accepted the results of a referendum in 2016, when 51 percent of voters rejected his proposal to end term limits.   The citizens have defeated Evo Morales, a leader who is trying to impose re-election on Bolivia, along with corruption and the manipulation of the justice system,  businessman and former presidential candidate Samuel Doria Medina Tweeted. The 26 judges elected on Sunday will be seated in January. Morales said in a news conference on Monday that the high number of spoiled ballots should not be seen as a protest against him, but as an attempt by the opposition to block his plan for a judiciary with elected rather than appointed judges.  The unpatriotic right wing wanted the election of an organic judiciary to fail, but the people have elected their authorities; judges who answer to the people, not to politicians,  Morales said. The 96 candidates on the ballot were preselected by Congress, where Morales has a majority. Opposition leaders said the vote was a ploy to give Morales supporters control over the electoral court. Ballots were spoiled by marking more than one candidate, scratching or ripping the papers or doodling on them.  A preliminary report by Bolivia s elections authority said 78 percent of the country s 6.4 million eligible voters participated in the election and that more than 50 percent of the ballots cast were spoiled. ",1
13173,Factbox: Countdown to Brexit breakthrough?,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May failed to secure a breakthrough in Brexit talks on Monday with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.  Here is a timeline of the coming 10 days that will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future: May wants the EU to open the second phase of Brexit negotiations concerning relations after Britain s withdrawal on March 30, 2019. The EU will only do that if there is  sufficient progress  in agreeing  divorce  terms, notably on three key issues: a financial settlement, guaranteed rights for EU citizens in Britain and a  soft border  with Ireland. A deal on money is effectively done, EU officials said last week. There are indications of agreement on citizens  rights. But opposition from key allies in Northern Ireland to treating the province differently from the mainland in a bid to maintain on open EU land border with Ireland scuppered a deal on Monday. As part of the  choreography  for a political deal, the EU set May an  absolute deadline  of Monday to provide new offers in time for the other EU leaders to approve a move to Phase 2 at a summit of the EU-27 on Friday, Dec. 15. Now, however, that has been pushed back by a few days, EU officials have conceded.  May is pushing for a simultaneous, reciprocal guarantee from the EU of a soft transition and future trade deal, which she may use to show Britons what her compromises have secured. The EU wants to have firm British offers which the 27 can discuss before leaders commit. The result is some complex dance steps: Tuesday, Dec. 5 EU summit chair Donald Tusk, having canceled a visit to Jerusalem, had expected to call around EU leaders to discuss common guidelines for launching trade negotiations with Britain. This and a series of other steps are now on hold. Monday, Dec.  11 EU-27 sherpas meet to prepare the summit. Tuesday, Dec. 12 EU affairs ministers of EU-27 meet to prepare summit. Thursday, Dec. 14 4 p.m. - May attends routine EU summit in Brussels. Defence, social affairs, foreign affairs and migration are on the agenda. Friday, Dec. 15 After May has left, EU-27 leaders hold Brexit summit. They could take one comprehensive decision on Phase 2 or break it down into separate ones on the transition and future ties. If May delays a divorce agreement until the summit, perhaps to show voters at home her resolve, this may delay opening trade talks. January - Outline of EU transition offer may be ready, under which Britain retains all rights except voting in the bloc, and meets all its obligations until the end of 2020. February - After agreeing their negotiating terms, EU-27 may be ready to open talks with London on a free trade pact that Brussels likens to one it has with Canada. The EU estimated at some 60 billion euros ($71 billion) what Britain should pay to cover outstanding obligations on leaving. EU officials say there is now agreement after Britain offered to pay an agreed share of most of the items Brussels wanted, especially for committed spending that will go on after 2020. Both sides say there is no precise figure as much depends on future developments. British newspaper reports that it would cost up to 55 billion euros sparked only muted criticism from May s hardline pro-Brexit allies who once rejected big payments. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Saturday that London would be paying the EU 60 billion euros on Brexit. Barnier is still seeking a commitment that the rights of 3 million EU citizens who stay on in Britain after Brexit will be guaranteed by the European Court of Justice, not just by British judges. May has said the ECJ should play no more role in Britain. But the issue could be vital to ensure ratification of the withdrawal treaty by the European Parliament. EU diplomats say a compromise may let British courts refer cases on citizens  rights to the Luxembourg-based ECJ on a voluntary basis. Irish premier Leo Varadkar said London agreed on Monday that Northern Ireland would remain in  regulatory alignment  with the EU, and hence the Irish Republic, to ensure there was no  hard border  with police and customs checks that could disrupt peace. However, a hostile reaction from May s pro-Brexit and pro-London allies the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), on whom she depends for her slim parliamentary majority, caused May to hold off agreeing the package deal with Juncker. The DUP and many in May s own party fear that means separating the province from the British mainland - or forcing EU rules onto the whole of the UK. Leaders of mainland regions Scotland, Wales and London leapt on the deal to demand similar freedom to perhaps remain in the EU customs union or single market, giving May a new headache.  Varadkar said he is willing to see changes in the text   but not that would change its actual meaning. ",1
13174,"Scotland, Wales and London want special Brexit deal if Northern Ireland gets one","EDINBURGH/LONDON (Reuters) - Scotland, Wales and London should all benefit from any special deal given to Northern Ireland to smooth access to European Union markets after Brexit, the three regions  most senior politicians said on Monday. Most Scots and Londoners voted to stay in the EU in June 2016 s referendum, unlike their compatriots in the rest of the United Kingdom. Politicians in Scotland, Wales and the British capital have campaigned for Britain as a whole to stay in the EU s single market to smooth trade relations. Prime Minister Theresa May has ruled that out so far, saying Britain needed the freedom to make its own rules and trade deals. But the three regions rallied to the cause again after Irish government sources said on Monday that the British government had agreed to maintain EU  regulatory alignment  for Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK but shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state. May said there had been no overall agreement on Monday. Keeping regulations in Northern Ireland similar to those in the rest of the EU make it less likely that the bloc would insist on border checks after Brexit. But making an exception of Northern Ireland could make it difficult for May to argue that others cannot have the same. So far, she has argued that Brexit should follow a one-size-fits-all pattern for the whole of the United Kingdom.  If one part of the United Kingdom can retain regulatory alignment with the European Union and effectively stay in the single market ... there is surely no good practical reason why others can t,  Nicola Sturgeon, the head of Scotland s devolved pro-independence government, said on Twitter. Sturgeon welcomed the outline of a deal that meant no return to a hard border in Ireland, but argued that such an agreement meant something similar for Scotland was even more vital.  For Scotland to find itself outside the single market, while Northern Ireland effectively stays in would place us at a double disadvantage when it comes to jobs and investment.  A large majority of voters in Scotland, one of the UK s four nations with around 5 million people, voted to stay in the EU, as did Northern Ireland. Wales and England, the most populous nation, voted to leave, straining the structure of the UK and complicating negotiations to unwind four decades of political and trading links with the EU.  Huge ramifications for London if Theresa May has conceded that it s possible for part of the UK to remain within the single market and customs union after Brexit,  Sadiq Khan, London s mayor, said on Twitter. Britain s capital, with a population of 8.8 million, voted by a margin of 59.9 percent to remain within the EU. Turnout was high by local standards at nearly 70 percent and Khan, from Britain s main opposition Labour Party, campaigned to stay in the EU. Welsh first minister Carwyn Jones called for Wales to be allowed to continue to participate in the single market if other parts of the UK could. May s government has up to now ruled out any special deal for Scotland, although the Scottish government published a year ago a plan for the northernmost part of the UK to remain in the single market even if Britain as a whole leaves. Its plan was, however, rejected as unworkable by the UK government. ",1
13175,May heads for Brussels as last-minute Brexit talks go on,"BRUSSELS/DUBLIN (Reuters) - British negotiators were locked in last-minute talks with their European Union and Irish counterparts on Monday, trying to put together a Brexit deal that Prime Minister Theresa May might agree over lunch in Brussels. London has broadly agreed to many of the EU s divorce terms, including paying out something like 50 billion euros. But the issues of the rights of expatriate citizens and the UK-EU border on the island of Ireland remain fraught, diplomats said.  Brussels officials and diplomats sounded increasingly confident of a deal over the weekend, but they caution that much will depend on the outcome of May s talks over lunch.  I have a good feeling but I am not prejudging the outcome,  one senior Brussels diplomat said. May hopes that her talks with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, due to start at 1:15 p.m. (1215 GMT), can persuade her 27 fellow EU leaders that  sufficient progress  has been made on divorce terms for them to agree next week to open talks on their future trade relationship. They will hold a summit on Friday, Dec. 15 [nL8N1O30C4], chaired by European Council President Donald Tusk, with whom May has scheduled a meeting at 4 p.m., after her lunch with Juncker. Dublin, backed by the rest of the EU, is seeking strong assurances that London will commit to keeping business regulations in Northern Ireland the same as in the EU, to avoid a  hard border  that could disrupt peace on the island.  Hopefully, we ll find a way forward today,  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told state broadcaster RTE ahead of a cabinet meeting to discuss the issue before May s talks. Coveney said the talks are in a  sensitive place , with the British and Irish governments discussing possible texts of an agreement. Britain is seeking to keep its options open, having rejected a commitment to leave Northern Ireland in a customs union with the EU or to keep the whole United Kingdom in one. May depends in parliament on a pro-British party in Northern Ireland that rejects any deal which would divide the province from the British mainland. But Ireland and the EU say maintaining a customs union is the best way to avoid  regulatory divergence . Juncker and Barnier will meet the European Parliament s Brexit team at 11 a.m. to brief them on progress. The legislature, which must approve any withdrawal treaty if a disruptive Brexit is to be avoided in March 2019, has demanded that EU courts have the final say in guaranteeing rights for 3 million EU citizens in Britain. Britain insists that it will no longer accept the supervision of the European Court of Justice. Nadine Dorries, a member of Britain s ruling Conservative Party who supports Brexit, said May should tell EU officials time is running out to move talks on to the next phase. The EU has had  enough time now to decide whether or not they are going to discuss trade with us, they need to get on with it and if they don t get on with it, the closer we get to walking away with no deal , she said. May portrays Monday s meeting as part of preparations for an EU summit on Dec. 15 - though the EU says no negotiations will be conducted at the summit itself, so Monday is the last chance for her to make offers. A British spokesman said:  With plenty of discussions still to go, Monday will be an important staging post on the road to the crucial December Council.  Since Britain s referendum on leaving the EU in 2016, high-profile opponents of Brexit have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be a disaster for its economy. Half of Britons support a second vote on whether to leave the EU, according to an opinion poll published on Sunday.    With the clock ticking down to the March 2019 exit date, May is under pressure to start talks on its future trade ties by the end of the year to remove the cloud of uncertainty for  companies that do business in the EU. More than 30 pro-Brexit supporters, including members of parliament and former Conservative ministers, have signed a letter calling on May to walk away from talks unless key conditions are met. They include an end to free movement of people from the EU into Britain and for the European Court of Justice to have no further role in British legal matters after March 2019. ",1
13176,"Risks grow for Rohingya in Bangladesh's teeming, squalid camps","(Reuters) - Bangladesh plans to allocate more land for camps housing Rohingya refugees as concerns grow over a possible outbreak of disease in crowded, makeshift settlements clustered at the country s southern tip. About 625,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to sanctuary in Bangladesh from violence, looting and destruction in neighboring Myanmar after government forces launched a counter insurgency following attacks by Rohingya militants on Aug. 25. The swift exodus has taken the Rohingya refugee population to 837,000, making Bangladesh one of the world s largest, most crowded settlement of asylum-seekers. More than 60 percent of the water supply in the camps is contaminated with bacteria as temporary latrines overflow into hastily-built, shallow wells, a World Health Organization survey showed. Faecal sludge in the settlements goes largely untreated.  There is a high risk of a public health event, not just cholera and acute watery diarrhea,  said Naim Talukder of the group Action Against Hunger, who is coordinating the efforts of 31 groups and agencies to manage water, sanitation and hygiene. A Reuters graphic uses satellite imagery to document the mushrooming spread of the refugee areas. Data show the challenge of meeting international standards for water, sanitation and hygiene in the camps and spillover sites. Click on the link for the Reuters Graphic - tmsnrt.rs/2AoMIaV Most refugees live in flimsy bamboo and canvas shelters in an area crowded well beyond emergency standards, said Graham Eastmond, an official of the International Organization for Migration (IOM).        You are talking a third of the international standard,  he said.  We need to decongest urgently and obviously, to do that, we need more land.  The IOM is among the bodies that have urged Bangladesh to free up more land and allow a wider spread of settlements.  The government already allocated 3,000 acres of land for the Rohingya,  Shah Kamal, a disaster management official, told Reuters. That figure is equivalent to 1,214 hectares.  Considering the current situation, the government is planning to allocate 500 acres more land for them,  he added.   Last week, Bangladesh approved a $280-million project to develop an isolated and flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house 100,000 Rohingya, despite criticism from rights groups. The overcrowding spells health and safety risks, Eastmond added, from rapidly spreading water-borne and communicable diseases to landslides and flooding, besides swelling the threat to vulnerable children and women. Single women or children head about a fifth of households, preliminary findings of a population survey by the U.N. refugee agency and Bangladesh show. By Nov. 11, there were 36,096 cases of acute watery diarrhea since Aug. 25, as infection rates climbed, the U.N. children s agency said last month.     Bangladesh, in partnership with U.N. agencies and charities, has spent hundreds of millions of dollars in responding to the crisis. New roads built by the army will open this month, boosting access for camp-dwellers, said Eastmond. Yet just 23 percent of funding needs for water, sanitation and hygiene services are being met, Talukder said.   Bangladesh and Myanmar vowed to begin the voluntary return of the Rohingya to Myanmar in the next two months. But the Rohingya will have to present identity documents in order to be accepted, said Myint Kyaing, a Myanmar labor and immigration ministry official. Relief officials fear that few Rohingya, a stateless and long-persecuted minority in Myanmar, carried such documents in their desperate scramble to leave. Hundreds of Rohingya villages have been razed, their land given to others and their crops harvested. ",1
13177,Uber joins forces with global public transport association,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ride-hailing app Uber [UBER.UL] said on Monday it was joining a global public transport association to improve mobility in the cities it operates in, although North America s largest public transit union said there was no place for the U.S. company. Uber s move to join the International Association of Public Transportation (UITP) is part of a drive by Uber to improve its relationships with local authorities after a series of regulatory and legal setbacks. UITP represents public transport providers around the world, including Transport for London (TfL) - which in September stripped Uber of its operating license. Scandal-hit Uber has just had to reassure authorities it is changing the way it does business after the disclosure of a massive data breach cover-up that has prompted investigations from regulators around the world. Andrew Salzberg, Uber s head of transportation policy and research, said aligning the company with public transport authorities was a good way to make Uber a better partner for cities. Uber, currently valued at $69 billion, has been testing a more collaborative approach to regulators under its new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi in a shift away from a more aggressive culture under former CEO Travis Kalanick.  One of the big emphases that Dara has made ... is that we want to be better partners for the cities we operate in,  Salzberg said. Uber said it would work on a series of training sessions with UITP aimed at connecting people better with public transport. Salzberg said the company also wanted to help reduce congestion on roads by encouraging people to move to shared modes of transport. Alain Flausch, secretary general of UITP, said Uber s decision to join the association was a sign that the company wanted a better relationship with regulators. Flausch said he had told members of UITP that he would check the company stuck to its promises.  It s a work in progress and having Uber join is a good sign. Of course they keep their business model but ... they need to be a bit more flexible and open to talking,  he told Reuters. However, Larry Hanley, president of the Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU), which represents public transit employees in the United States and Canada, said Uber should start being a better partner to the cities it operates in by  paying a living wage to their drivers who call those cities home.   Public transportation should serve the public good, and until Uber demonstrates that they meet that standard they have no business being a part of the International Association of Public Transport,  Hanley said. ",1
13178,Fighting and air strikes in Yemen's Sanaa trap civilians and halt aid: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Fighting and air strikes have intensified in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa, where roads are blocked and tanks are deployed on many streets, trapping civilians and halting delivery of vital aid including fuel to supply clean water, the United Nations said on Monday. Some of the fiercest clashes are around the diplomatic area near the U.N. compound, while aid flights in and out of Sanaa airport have been suspended, the world body said in a statement following its appeal for a humanitarian pause on Tuesday.  The escalating situation threatens to push the barely functioning basic services ... to a standstill. These services have already been seriously compromised with the latest shock of the impact of the blockade,  it said, adding that fighting had also spread to other governorates, such as Hajjah.    ",1
13179,Irish PM 'surprised' that agreed Brexit border deal could not be concluded,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland is  surprised and disappointed  that the British government was unable to conclude a deal Dublin believed had been agreed on the future of the Northern Ireland border after Brexit, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Monday.  We had an agreement this morning. We re disappointed and surprised to hear that agreement cannot be concluded today but we re happy to give the UK government more time, if it needs it, so we can conclude it in the coming days,  Varadkar told a news briefing in Dublin.  He said Ireland s position was unequivocal and that Ireland would accept changes to the agreed text only if the meaning remained the same.  ",1
13180,Egyptian security forces kill five suspected militants in raid,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces killed five suspected militants in a  raid on Monday on a desert location being used by the group for training in the Nile Delta province of Sharqiya, north of Cairo, the interior ministry said. Security forces arrested six other people and seized ammunition and weapons in the operation, a ministry statement said. The statement did not link the militants to any specific group. Since 2013 Egyptian security forces have battled an Islamic State affiliate in the mainly desert region of North Sinai, where militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers. Last month Egypt saw its deadliest attack in its modern history when militants killed more than 300 at a North Sinai mosque. No group has claimed responsibility though officials said the gunmen brandished an Islamic State flag.    ",1
13181,Hadi calls on Yemenis to rise up against Houthis after Saleh's death - live speech,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi called on Yemenis on Monday to rise up against the Iran-aligned Houthis after the death of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. Speaking in a speech carried live on the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television, Hadi also called for a new chapter in the fight against the Houthis, who were allied with Saleh before he turned on them and offered to back the Saudi-led coalition. ",1
13182,Militants kill U.N. peacekeeper in Central African Republic,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Christian militiamen killed a Mauritanian U.N. peacekeeper in an attack on a camp for displaced people in a Central African Republic diamond-mining town on Monday, the United Nations mission there said. Fighters armed with AK-47s and makeshift weapons also wounded one Zambian and two Mauritanian peacekeepers during the 90-minute gunfight at the police checkpoint in the town of Bria, the U.N. added. The country has been riven by sectarian conflict since 2013 when Muslim Seleka rebels ousted President Francois Bozize. That triggered a backlash by Christian anti-balaka fighters. As many as 100 people died in Bria in June during a day of clashes between rival factions. The area is coveted by militia for its surrounding diamond mines. It also hosts tens of thousands of people displaced by the conflict. Even with 13,000 troops, the U.N. mission has struggled to restore order to a country the size of France and has lost 14 peacekeepers in attacks this year alone.   ",1
13183,Nine charged over links to banned Turkish group detained pending trial,"ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court on Monday ordered the detention of nine Turkish citizens pending trial for terrorism-related offences, including links to a banned militant group behind a series of suicide bombings in Turkey. Greek police arrested the eight men and one woman in dawn raids in central Athens last week. Officials say there is no link between the arrests and a planned state visit by President Tayyip Erdogan to Greece, the first by a Turkish head of state in 65 years, on Dec. 7-8. Greek police are investigating the suspects  alleged links to the leftist DHKP/C, a far-left group blamed for a string of attacks and suicide bombings in Turkey since 1990. The nine suspects have been charged with setting up and belonging to a criminal organization, terrorist-related acts of supplying explosive materials, and with illegal possession of firearms, smoke bombs and fire crackers, court officials said.  They said the suspects had denied the charges in a statement that also read:  Solidarity with people who are fighting for their rights and freedom is not terrorism.  Their lawyers said the defendants had not been fully briefed on the case against them and that the charges were vague. Police have released the names and photographs of the suspects, who are aged between 20 and 64.  One of the detainees had been wanted by Greek police in connection with an arms and explosives haul off the Greek island of Chios, close to the Turkish coast, in 2013. Under Greek law, individuals can be held pending trial for up to 18 months. Some of the defendants will apply for asylum in the meantime, their lawyers said.    Based on Greek legal practice, an investigating magistrate will now take over the investigation and a judicial council will finally decide if there is enough evidence to proceed to trial. Greece and Turkey, though NATO allies, have often been at loggerheads over issues including Aegean territorial rights and the ethnically divided island of Cyprus.  ",1
13184,Trump still weighing whether to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital: Kushner,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has not yet made a decision on whether to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, his adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner said on Sunday, a move that would break with decades of U.S. policy and could fuel violence in the Middle East.   He s still looking at a lot of different facts, and then when he makes his decision, he ll be the one to want to tell you, not me,  Kushner said at an annual conference on U.S. policy in the Middle East organized by the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington. A senior administration official said last week that Trump could make the announcement on Wednesday. Kushner is leading Trump s efforts to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, efforts that so far have shown little progress. Past U.S. presidents have insisted that the status of Jerusalem   home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions   must be decided in negotiations. The Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on all of the city. Any move by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital would fuel extremism and violence, Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday. A senior Jordanian source said on Sunday that Amman, the current president of the Arab summit, has begun consultations on convening an emergency meeting of the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation before Trump s expected declaration this week. ",1
13185,German police check more suspicious parcels after Potsdam explosive package,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police on Monday investigated further suspicious mail packages found around the country as they tried to catch an extortionist who sent a defective parcel bomb to a pharmacy in the city of Potsdam last week. That package, which contained powerful firecrackers, wires and nails and did not explode, was found to be a criminal extortion attempt against logistics firm DHL rather than  terrorism,  German authorities said on Sunday.  DHL, owned by Deutsche Post, warned its clients on Monday that other suspect packages could arrive through its service among millions of parcels sent in the holiday season. The company said it would not change its postal secrecy principle to control the content of packages. More suspicious packages were reported to authorities around Germany - one, which German media suspected contained a grenade, was sent to the state chancellery in the eastern region of Thuringia but police found only rolled-up catalogues inside it. Police in the eastern state of Brandenburg, where Potsdam is located, said they checked 10 suspicious packages on Monday but gave the all-clear for all of those parcels. The police said a special team investigating the Potsdam pharmacy package was doubled to over 50 officials and they were searching for the extortionist. ",1
13186,The Battle against Islamic State,"(Reuters) - It was an awkward coalition riven by political and sectarian differences, facing an elusive, fanatical enemy dug into an urban maze of narrow streets and alleyways. So, could Iraq s government really deliver on its vow to vanquish Islamic State? In the end, the army, Shi ite Muslim paramilitaries and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters mustered rare unity to end Islamic State s reign of terror in Iraq s second city Mosul, seat of the ultra-hardline Sunni insurgents   caliphate . Baghdad s victory in July 2017 after nine months of fighting was the coup de grace for the caliphate and came three years after a jihadist juggernaut seized one third of Iraq. But even with supportive U.S. air strikes, Baghdad s triumph came at a devastating cost for the once-vibrant, multicultural city in northern Iraq and the surrounding region. When Islamic State militants first arrived in Mosul in June 2014 after sweeping aside crumbling Iraqi army units, many Mosul residents initially welcomed them. The militants were Sunni Muslims, like many in Mosul who had accused the forces of then-Shi ite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of widespread sectarian abuses. Islamic State consequently presented itself as Mosul s savior. But as jihadists brandishing AK-47 assault rifles began imposing an Islamist doctrine even more brutal and mediaeval than al Qaeda, its popularity soon faded. Maliki s successor, Haider al-Abadi, had long been seen as an ineffective leader who could not make tough decisions. However, a U.S.-backed campaign against IS in Mosul offered Abadi a chance to emerge as a steely statesman capable of taking on a group that had terrorized a sprawling city with beheadings in public squares while staging deadly attacks in the West. Just smoking one cigarette, an act IS saw as anti-Islamic, earned you dozens of lashes. Children were used as informers. Women in minority communities were turned into sex slaves. But taking back Mosul was never going to be easy. Long before the first shot was fired, Abadi and his advisers and military commanders had to tread cautiously, taking into account sectarian and ethnic sensitivities that could splinter the united front he urgently needed to establish. Iraqi and Kurdish intelligence agencies had recruited informers inside Mosul, from ex-soldiers and army officers to taxi drivers, who would face instant execution if caught. Even if an alliance of convenience was struck, glossing over sectarian splits, Mosul itself posed formidable physical obstacles. Key districts consisted of ancient little streets and alleyways inaccessible to tanks and armored vehicles, and they were so densely populated that U.S.-led coalition air strikes risked heavy civilian casualties. So, street by street, house by house, fighting was unavoidable. Such challenges first popped up in Mosul s hinterland as Kurdish forces slowly advanced against fierce IS resistance. In one village, a single IS sniper hunkered down in a house held up hundreds of Kurdish fighters, the U.S. special forces advising them and 40 of their vehicles. Eventually, his rifle went silent after three air strikes on the house. As pro-government forces inched forward, the United Nations warned of a possible humanitarian disaster and expressed fear that jihadists could seize civilians for use as human shields, and gun down anyone trying to escape. IS fighters   both Iraqis and foreigners - were experts at carrying out suicide bombings and assembling homemade bombs. Many houses were booby-trapped. Iraqi military commanders had to factor these lurking perils into their gameplan. In interviews, IS insurgents shed light on what Iraqi forces were up against. They were quite open about their ideology and what they were willing to do to transform the Middle East. One man said he had used rape as a weapon of war against more than 200 women from Iraqi minorities, and had killed 500 people. After months of grueling fighting, Iraqi forces finally attained the outskirts of Mosul, but any celebrations were premature. Bombs littered dusty roads. Car bombs were exploding. A Mosul resident explained that his child no longer flinched as explosions shook his street because many people, including the young, had grown numb to the daily bloodshed. Each side resorted to desperate measures to gain an edge. In north Mosul, people walked by fly-infested, bloated corpses of militants who had been left on roadsides for two weeks. Iraqi soldiers explained that the stinking bodies had been left there to send a clear message to residents - don t join IS or you will suffer the same fate. Caught in the middle were civilians who had suffered under the IS reign of terror for three years and were now wondering if they would survive a relentless battle to  liberate  them. Parents waited patiently after weeks of fighting for a largely unknowable right moment to make a dash for Iraqi government lines, clutching their children, risking a run-in with jihadists from places as far away as Chechnya. As much of east and west Mosul was pulverized by coalition air strikes or IS truck and car bombs, the city was reduced to row after row of collapsed or gutted housing. In the end, IS suffered its most decisive defeat and watched their self-proclaimed caliphate evaporate in Iraq, then in Syria as Kurdish-led forces retook Raqqa, IS s urban stronghold there. But those victories will be followed by tough questions about the future of both Iraq and Syria. Preserving the shaky understanding forged between the different communities in the run-up to the Mosul campaign will be essential to saving Iraq as a state in the future. It did not take long for the Mosul coalition to fray. In October, Iraqi forces dislodged Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from the oil city of Kirkuk and other disputed areas and Baghdad imposed curbed air travel to and from the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region in retaliation for a Kurdish independence referendum held in northern Iraq in September.   The battle for Raqqa, which became IS s operational base in Syria, had a different feel to it as U.S.-backed Kurds and Arabs in the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) tightened their siege. The fighting seemed slower and more measured, step by step along abandoned streets where journalists were given access. In the weeks before Raqqa s fall in October, young female SDF fighters faced off against hardened militants and suffered losses. But that did not curb their enthusiasm and some said they would eventually like to join Kurdish PKK militants in Turkey and help advance their 33-year-old insurgency there. The victors in Iraq and Syria now face new challenges as they rebuild cities shattered by the showdown with IS. After IS s defeat in Raqqa, Raqqa residents formed a council to run the city but they had no budget when it was first set up, just residents streaming into their tin, run-down headquarters demanding everything from instant jobs to getting their damaged farmland back. Syrian Kurdish fighters were inspired by the ideas of Abdullah Ocalan, head of the PKK militants who has been imprisoned in Turkey for almost 20 years. Turkey views the political rise of Syria s Kurds as a threat to its national security and is fiercely opposed to the idea of Kurdish autonomy on its doorstep. The Kurdish groups who led the fight against Islamic State in its former capital Raqqa must now navigate a complex peace to avoid ethnic tension with the city s Arab majority and to secure critical U.S. aid.    So, life for Raqqa s victors will remain fraught with risk. ",1
13187,Britain and EU fail to agree Brexit deal on Monday: BBC,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union have failed to fully agree a deal on Brexit, the BBC Europe editor said on Monday.  No deal today I ve just been told #brexit,  Katya Adler said.  ",1
13188,Kenya frees Odinga adviser arrested on suspicion of inciting violence,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - A prominent strategist for Kenya s opposition who has strongly criticized President Uhuru Kenyatta and called for some parts of the country to secede was released on Monday after being briefly detained on suspicion of inciting violence. Kenya s public prosecutor said on Twitter that David Ndii had been released on police bond and that  appropriate actions  would be taken after investigations are completed.  Police had earlier said Ndii, an economist and anti-corruption campaigner who was arrested on Sunday in the coastal town of Diani, was  under interrogation regarding ... the offence of incitement to violence . Opposition leader Raila Odinga condemned the arrest, saying on Monday:  He has committed no crime. (This is) designed to intimidate and fragment the people of Kenya.  Pro-democracy groups said Ndii s arrest raised concerns about freedom of expression.   Ndii has been at the forefront of articulating the problems with the way the country is run,  said Gladwell Otieno, executive director of Africa Centre for Open Governance (AfriCOG) in Nairobi.      Ndii is an outspoken critic of Kenyatta, who was sworn in for a second presidential term last week after a prolonged elections season that has disrupted the economy and spurred protests that killed more than 60 people.  A senior policy adviser to the opposition National Super Alliance (NASA), he has called since a disputed August election that was voided by the Supreme Court for western and coastal areas that are opposition strongholds to declare independence.   Odinga, who boycotted a repeat poll in October saying the election commission had failed to carry out sufficient reforms, has said his preference is for Kenya to remain united. Kenyatta won the re-run election with 98 percent of the vote but the country, a Western ally in a volatile region, remains deeply divided after months of bitter campaigning and sporadic violent clashes. Salim Lone, an Odinga adviser, said Ndii was helping to organize the  swearing in  of Odinga by a people s assembly on Dec. 12, Kenya s independence day, a plan that has raised the prospect of further confrontations with security forces. Ndii s wife Judith Mwende Gatabaki told journalists on Monday that he was arrested by men who identified themselves as members of the  flying squad    a police unit that is part of the criminal investigation directorate.  She said they searched the couple s hotel room before taking him away and that she had been unable to reach her husband since.     We came here to attend a wedding. There was nothing political about it and my husband is not a criminal,  Gatabaki  said.  ",1
13189,Bosnia must make reforms or EU window could close - Hahn,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia must start making concrete reforms if it wants to join the European Union, or the window to becoming a member could close, the bloc s enlargement chief said on Monday. The European Union accepted Bosnia s application 15 months ago - but Johannes Hahn said the Balkan nation had not made any of the reforms or changes agreed with the bloc and international creditors.  So far nothing has been delivered. We now expect very concrete results,  Hahn said after meeting political leaders. Bosnia s prime minister, Denis Zvizdic, said he hoped the leaders would reach a compromise on outstanding issues by later this month or early January. The ethnically divided country has so far not managed to respond to the initial EU questionnaire on its readiness to join the bloc. Political bickering has held up a law raising excise tax on fuel, required to unlock external financing for infrastructure projects. There has also been no sign of development and energy and agriculture sector strategies demanded by the bloc.  There are a lot of issues in the pipeline but I would like to have them through the pipeline,  said Hahn.  It is absolutely high time now to deliver on what has been agreed, otherwise, the window can be closed again and this is not something we all would like to see,  he told a news conference.  Hahn urged government and opposition leaders to stop appealing to ethnic nationalism, and said the EU would be looking for evidence of European values, including a respect for court rulings.   Without that understanding one cannot make any progress,  he said. ",1
13190,DUP leader spoke to PM May on Brexit border,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The head of the Northern Irish party which props up the British government spoke to Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday shortly after telling supporters she would not allow a Brexit deal that creates  regulatory divergence  between the region and Britain. Democratic Unionist Party leader Arlene Foster spoke to May by phone shortly after her statement in Belfast, a party source told Reuters. The source declined to reveal the content of the call, but said the DUP was in continuing contact with May.  May agreed on Monday to keep Northern Ireland in  regulatory alignment  with the European Union after Brexit, Irish government sources said, creating the possibility of divergence between regulations in Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom. ",1
13191,Congo used exiled rebels to suppress anti-Kabila protests: report,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Congolese security officials recruited more than 200 exiled rebel fighters to help suppress protests against President Joseph Kabila a year ago, ordering them to use lethal force, Human Rights Watch said in a report on Monday. Security forces killed dozens during demonstrations in December 2016 when a delay to presidential elections and Kabila s refusal to step down sparked widespread unrest.  Kabila was required by the constitution to step down after an election to replace him in 2016 but the vote has been delayed until December 2018. Opposition leaders and activist groups have vowed fresh protests this month to try to force him from power. The HRW report was based on interviews with 13 fighters from the M23 rebel group who it says were recruited in neighboring Rwanda and Uganda, M23 leaders and nine Congolese security and intelligence officials, most of whom were cited anonymously.  Congo s government spokesman declined to comment. Delphin Kahimbi, the head of Congo s military intelligence named in the report as one of the operation s coordinators, denied he recruited M23 fighters, calling the report s findings  ridiculous and absurd . M23 president Bertrand Bisimwa said in a statement on Monday that Congo had recruited deserters and others previously kicked out of the group but that M23 leadership was in no way involved. The M23 rose up against the government in eastern Congo in 2012 in one of a series of insurrections driven by disputes over ethnicity, land and resource rights that have cost millions of lives over the past two decades. The M23 was defeated by Congolese and U.N. troops in late 2013. The government subsequently promised amnesty for most of the hundreds of rebels who fled to neighboring Rwanda and Uganda, but the process has stalled. Congo s security services turned to M23 last year because Kabila did not trust his own security forces, the report said. Fighters were deployed to Kinshasa, Congo s second city Lubumbashi and the eastern city of Goma, integrated into police, army and presidential guard units. They were ordered to use lethal force against protesters, the report said. For their service, M23 members received hundreds of dollars each. Recruiters also warned they would lose all protection if Kabila left power. Richard Karemire, Uganda s military spokesman, denied M23 fighters were recruited in Uganda. Rwandan officials could not be immediately reached for comment.   ",1
13192,"With Algeria's future uncertain, Macron unlikely to dwell on past during visit","PARIS/ALGIERS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron is likely to use a visit to Algeria on Wednesday to look to the future and turn the page on  the colonial past, but stop short of apologizing for his country s actions as some demand. The trauma of the 1954-1962 independence war, in which  hundreds of thousands of Algerians were killed and tortured was used on both sides, has left deep scars. Former French leader Francois Hollande sought a more conciliatory tone describing his country s colonization of Algeria as  brutal and unfair  and Macron is unlikely to go further. With President Abdelaziz Bouteflika rarely seen in public since a 2013 stroke, Macron will focus on the generational shift and importance of enhanced economic and security within that context.  On a visit to Algeria in February as a candidate, Macron, 39, already shocked many at home when he said France s 132-year colonial rule was a  crime against humanity.   The president had strong words. It was appreciated by Algerians, but today the idea is to turn the page and build a new relationship with Algeria,  a French presidential source said, adding that youth was his key message. During a three-day tour in Africa last week Macron again addressed the colonial past. While recognizing the crimes of the European colonizers, he also pointed to the positives of the era and made clear that his generation should not be blamed. Facing high unemployment, low oil prices, austerity and political uncertainty, Algeria s youth is likely to warm to Macron s call to look to the future more than the war veterans.  It s very difficult to have a relationship between one partner (Macron) that is young, vibrant and wants renewal and the other partner (Bouteflika) who represents such a severe contrast,  said Pierre Vermeren, a North Africa specialist at the Paris Sorbonne university. Economic ties between the two countries have marginally progressed since 2012 and France is now behind China as the main partner. Annual trade stands at about 8 billion euros compared with 6.36 billion five years ago. More than 400,000 Algerians are given visas for France annually, almost twice as many as in 2012.   If Macron makes it easier to get a visa, that will be great for me. As for the history stuff I really don t care,  said Slimane Khalifa, 25 who is an engineer at a state firm. POST-BOUTEFLIKA TEST Political jostling around Bouteflika has intensified as his health has waned, fuelling questions about the transition if he steps down before his term ends in 2019. With more than 4 million people of Algerian origin in France, all with ties to the North African state, any upheaval across the Mediterranean would have a serious impact on Paris.   Macron s biggest foreign policy test could be Algeria because the state of Bouteflika s health is a worry and potentially what happens after could have huge ramifications on us,  said a French diplomat. Macron s  friendship  visit, downgraded from an official visit, is also an opportunity to appease some anger in Algiers after he traveled first to arch-rival Morocco earlier this year, a taboo for previous French leaders. Many hope Macron will go one step further when it comes to the past.  France should not only apologize, but also pay for its crimes during occupation,  Lakhdar Brahimi, retired diplomat and close friend of the 80-year-old Bouteflika said last week. Brahimi, like Bouteflika, belongs to the war veterans who fought against French occupation and among that generation Macron is seen as his last chance for history to remember Bouteflika as the man who obtained an official apology. However, it remains a sensitive issue across France and Macron s comments in February led to a drop in poll ratings and uproar across various strands of society forcing him to clarify his stance. With the generational change yet to take place, Macron for now needs Algeria to help resolve the crisis in neighboring Libya and to prevent Islamist militants from stoking problems in the Sahel region, where some 4,000 French troops, roam close to the Algerian border.  All the Algerians want is for France and the Barkhane force to get out of Mali and away from its border,  said a senior French diplomat. ",1
13193,Syrian walkout from talks 'an embarrassment to Russia': opposition,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government s decision to quit peace talks last week was an embarrassment to its main supporter Russia, which wants both sides to reach a deal quickly, opposition spokesman Yahya al-Aridi said on Monday. The delegation left the U.N.-backed talks in Geneva on Friday, blaming the opposition s demands that President Bashar  al-Assad should play no role in any interim post-war government.  I don t think that those who support the regime are happy with such a position being taken by the regime. This is an embarrassment to Russia,  Aridi said at the hotel where the opposition delegation is staying in Geneva.   We understand the Russian position now. They are... in a hurry to find a solution.  There was no immediate comment from Russian officials at the talks on the withdrawal of the government delegation.  Russia helped to turn the Syrian war in Assad s favor and has become the key force in the push for a diplomatic solution. Last month Russian President Vladimir Putin said a political settlement should be finalised within the U.N. Geneva process. The opposition, long wary of Russia s role, now accepts it. Western diplomats say Putin s Syria envoy Alexander Lavrentiev was present at the Riyadh meeting last month where the opposition drew up its statement rejecting any future role for Assad. Asked if the opposition was willing to compromise on Assad s role in any post-war government, Aridi said his delegation s demands were based on the wishes of the Syrian people.  I believe that our mere presence in Geneva is in itself a compromise. We are sitting with a regime that has been carrying out all these atrocities for the past seven years. What other compromise could we make?  A source close to government delegation told Reuters on Monday that Damascus was still studying the feasibility of participation in the talks and when a decision was reached it would be sent through ordinary diplomatic channels. ",1
13194,Corsica's nationalists press for autonomy talks after local vote,"AJACCIO, France (Reuters) - Corsican nationalists on Monday demanded the French government enter into negotiations over greater autonomy for the Mediterranean island after they won almost half the votes in a local election.  The nationalists - split between those who seek greater autonomy and those who see full independence from France as the end-game - emerged as Corsica s main political force for the first time in French regional elections in December 2015. In a vote on Sunday for a newly created local assembly, the Pe a Corsica (For Corsica), an alliance of the two main nationalist parties, won 45.36 percent of the ballot, putting it in a commanding position for the second round vote on Dec. 10. In the wake of Catalonia s recent independence referendum, Corsican nationalists have downplayed any ambitions for secession, saying the island lacked the demographic and economic clout of the Spanish region.  Corsica has a population of just 320,000 people and a tiny 8.6 billion euro ($10.2 bln) economy. The nationalists  less ambitious demands, and dissatisfaction with the central government in France, probably helped the nationalists attract more votes on Sunday. Pe a Corsica, which unites the moderately autonomist Femu a Corsica and the committed separatist Corsica Libera, has drawn up a 10-year road-map during which it hopes to obtain a new status giving the island greater autonomy and pave the way for stronger economic development.  Paris must at last open dialogue with Corsica,  said Gilles Simeoni, the outgoing president of Corsica s Executive Council and a member of Femu a Corsica.  Corsican people have their own identity and this must be recognized.  The French government said it would not comment on the Corsican vote until after the second round. France is a highly centralized state and its demands for more autonomy have often been met with irritation and a refusal to negotiate by past governments. But support for the nationalist political movement has gained support since the most active clandestine  group, the National Front for the Liberation of Corsica (FLNC), laid down its weapons in 2014 after a near four-decade long rebellion. Corsica s nationalists oppose France s political and cultural dominance over the island, the birthplace of Napoleon annexed by Paris in 1768, and their demands for independence fueled years of bloodshed.   At some point, the wishes of Corsican people will have to be taken into account,  Jean-Guy Talamoni, the president of the Corsican Assembly and leader of the pro-independence Corsica Libera movement, told France Inter radio on Monday.  However, he acknowledged those backing all-out independence were still in a minority.   If a majority of Corsican people want independence in 10 years, in 15 years time, no one will be able to get in their way,  he said. French President Emmanuel Macron s ticket came in fourth in Sunday s vote with 11.26 percent. His Republic On the Move party said the vote showed Corsicans  loss of confidence in Paris and that it aimed to rebuild trust everywhere in France.  ($1 = 0.8430 euros) ",1
13195,Russia to start registering some foreign media as 'foreign agents' this week: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s justice ministry will start registering some foreign media as  foreign agents  this week, the RIA news agency cited a source in the Russian upper house of parliament as saying on Monday. Nine U.S. media outlets, including the Voice of America and Radio Liberty, are likely to enter the list of  foreign agents  to be approved by Russia s parliament, the source at the legislature s Federation Council chamber told RIA. The Kremlin has said it fully understands why Russia s parliament plans to discuss banning representatives of U.S. media organizations in retaliation for what it calls U.S. mistreatment of Russian media. ",1
13196,Irish PM statement on Brexit talks delayed,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - A statement by Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on the progress of Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union has been delayed, a spokesman said. He did not say what time the statement would take place.   ",1
13197,Hungary dismisses Estonian compromise offer on asylum-seekers,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary remains firmly opposed to illegal immigration and the European Union should focus efforts on protecting its external borders, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said about an Estonian compromise proposal on asylum-seekers.  Hungary s view on migration is clear and rock steady: We think illegal immigration is dangerous. Because of illegal immigration, Europe has never had to face the kind of terror threat it faces now,  Szijjarto told a news conference with ministers and officials from eastern and southern Europe, in response to a question. Under the Estonian plan, the executive European Commission would determine  fair shares  of asylum-seekers that countries would be expected to take in at their own borders - largely based on their population and wealth. But it would trigger an  early warning  if arrivals looked about to test such levels. Szijjarto said any  encouragement  for further migrant arrivals was against Europe s interests, adding that the only solution acceptable to Budapest was that illegal immigration should be stopped, preferably as far outside the EU s borders as possible. ",1
13198,Former Yemeni strongman Saleh played his last hand and lost,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s steely former president of 33 years, Ali Abdullah Saleh, made his last political gamble and lost on Monday, meeting his death at the hands of the Houthi movement, his erstwhile allies in the country s multi-sided civil war. Officials in his General People s Congress party (GPC) confirmed to Reuters that the 75-year-old Saleh had been killed outside the capital Sanaa in what Houthi sources said was an RPG (rocket-propelled grenade) and gun attack.  A master of weaving alliances and advancing his personal and family interests in Yemen s heavily armed and deeply fractious tribal society, Saleh unified his country by force, but he also helped guide it toward collapse in its latest war. The Middle East s arch-survivor once compared running Yemen to  dancing on the heads of snakes , ruling with expertly balanced doses of largesse and force.   He outlived other Arab leaders who were left dead or deposed by uprisings and civil wars since 2011. Cornered by pro-democracy  Arab Spring  protests, Saleh wore a cryptic smile when signing his resignation in a televised ceremony in 2012.  Saleh waged six wars against the Houthis from 2002 to 2009 before he made an impromptu alliance with the group that seized the capital Sanaa in 2014 and eventually turned on him. The two sides feuded for years for supremacy over territory they ran together. The Houthis probably never forgave his forces for killing their founder and father of the current leader. Fearing the Houthis are a proxy for their arch-foe Iran, the mostly Gulf Arab alliance sought to help the internationally recognized Yemeni government win the conflict.  Saleh s army loyalists and Houthi fighters together weathered thousands of air strikes by a Saudi-led military coalition in almost three years of war. As the conflict wrought a humanitarian crisis, mutual sniping about responsibility for economic woes in northern Yemeni lands that they together rule peaked on Wednesday when the capital erupted in gunbattles between their partisans. ARCH-SURVIVOR Saleh had seemed unshakeable in one of the world s poorest and unstable countries. He managed to play his enemies off against each other as tribal warfare, separatist movements and Islamist militants destabilized Yemen. He survived a bomb attack in his palace mosque in 2011 which killed senior aides and disfigured him. As other leaders were toppled by the Arab Spring uprisings, he found a way to retire peacefully to his villa in the capital and plot a comeback. Despite being forced to step down in 2012 under a Gulf-brokered transition plan following protests against his rule, Saleh won immunity in the deal and remained a powerful political player. The ever-nimble Saleh was a pivotal figure in the war, which has killed at least 10,000 people, displaced 2 million from their homes, led to widespread hunger and a cholera epidemic. Saleh became the ruler of North Yemen in 1978 at a time when the south was a separate, communist state, and led the unified country after the two states merged in 1990. Opponents often complained that Yemen under Saleh failed to meet the basic needs of the country s people, where two of every three live on less than $2 per day.  Saleh managed to keep Western and Arab powers on his side, styling himself as a key ally of the United States in its war on terrorism. He received tens of millions of dollars in U.S. military aid for units commanded by his relatives. After the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks against U.S. cities, Yemen came onto Washington s radar as a source of foot soldiers for Osama bin Laden s al Qaeda network. Bin Laden was born in Saudi Arabia though his family came from Yemen s Hadramaut region. Saleh cooperated with U.S. authorities as the CIA stepped up a campaign of drone strikes against key al Qaeda figures, which also led to scores of civilian deaths. Born in 1942 near Sanaa, he received only limited education before joining the military as a non-commissioned officer. His first break came when President Ahmed al-Ghashmi, who came from the same Hashed tribe as Saleh, appointed him military governor of Taiz, North Yemen s second city. When Ghashmi was killed by a bomb in 1978, Saleh replaced him. In 1990, the collapse of the Soviet Union helped propel North Yemen under Saleh and the socialist South Yemen state into a unification.     Saleh angered Gulf Arab allies by staying close to Saddam Hussein during the 1990-91 Iraqi occupation of Kuwait, leading to the expulsion of up to 1 million Yemenis from Saudi Arabia.  But he then won plaudits from Western powers for carrying out economic reforms drawn up by the International Monetary Fund and World Bank, and made efforts to attract foreign investors. He swept to victory when southerners tried to secede from united Yemen in 1994 and drew closer to Saudi Arabia, which he allowed to spread its radical Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam.  Saleh s son, Ahmed Ali, lives under house arrest in the United Arab Emirates, where he once served as ambassador before it joined ally Saudi Arabia to make war on the Houthi-Saleh alliance. Ahmed Ali, a powerful former military commander whom his father appeared to be grooming to succeed him, may the family s last chance to win back influence. ",1
13199,Enter the 'petro': Venezuela to launch oil-backed cryptocurrency,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro looked to the world of digital currency to circumvent U.S.-led financial sanctions, announcing on Sunday the launch of the  petro  backed by oil reserves to shore up a collapsed economy. The leftist leader offered few specifics about the currency launch or how the struggling OPEC member would pull off such a feat, but he declared to cheers that  the 21st century has arrived!     Venezuela will create a cryptocurrency,  backed by oil, gas, gold and diamond reserves, Maduro said in his regular Sunday televised broadcast, a five-hour showcase of Christmas songs and dancing. The petro, he said, would help Venezuela  advance in issues of monetary sovereignty, to make financial transactions and overcome the financial blockade.       Opposition leaders derided the announcement, which they said needed congressional approval, and some cast doubt on whether the digital currency would ever see the light of day in the midst of turmoil. The real currency, the bolivar, is in freefall, and the country is sorely lacking in basic needs like food and medicine. Still, the announcement highlights how sanctions enacted this year by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration are hurting Venezuela s ability to move money through international banks.  Washington has levied sanctions against Venezuelan officials, PDVSA executives and the country s debt issuance.   Sources say compliance departments are scrutinizing transactions linked to Venezuela, which has slowed some bond payments and complicated certain oil exports. Maduro s pivot away from the U.S. dollar comes after the recent spectacular rise of bitcoin, which has been fueled by signs that the digital currency is slowly gaining traction in the mainstream investment world. The announcement bewildered some followers of cryptocurrencies, which typically are not backed by any government or central banks. Ironically, Venezuela s currency controls in recent years have spurred a bitcoin fad among tech-savvy Venezuelans looking to bypass controls to obtain dollars or make internet purchases. Maduro s government has a poor track record in monetary policy. Currency controls and excessive money printing have led to a 57 percent depreciation of the bolivar against the dollar in the last month alone on the widely used black market. That has dragged down the monthly minimum wage to a mere $4.30.  For the millions of Venezuelans plunged into poverty and struggling to eat three meals a day, Maduro s announcement is unlikely to bring any immediate relief.  Economists and opposition leaders say Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader, has recklessly refused to overhaul Venezuela s controls and stem the economic meltdown. He could now be seeking to pay bondholders and foreign creditors in the currency amid a plan to restructure the country s major debt burden, opposition leaders said, but the plan is likely to flop.  It s Maduro being a clown. This has no credibility,  opposition lawmaker and economist Angel Alvarado told Reuters.   I see no future in this,  added fellow opposition legislator Jose Guerra. Maduro says he is trying to combat a Washington-backed conspiracy to sabotage his government and end socialism in Latin America. On Sunday he said Venezuela was facing a financial  world war.  ",1
13200,"Northern Ireland must leave EU on same terms as rest of UK, DUP leader Foster says","BELFAST (Reuters) - The leader of the Northern Irish party which props up Prime Minister Theresa May s minority government said the province must leave the European Union on the same terms as the rest of the United Kingdom. Arlene Foster, the leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, said there could be no regulatory divergence between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom.  Northern Ireland must leave the European Union on the same terms as the rest of the United Kingdom,  Foster said.   We will not accept any form of regulatory divergence which separates Northern Ireland politically or economically from the rest of the UK. And the economic and constitutional integrity of the UK must not be compromised in any way.  ",1
13201,Scotland's Sturgeon sees no reason not to get special Brexit deal like N.Ireland,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - An agreement to keep Northern Ireland in  regulatory alignment  with the European Union after Brexit could be replicated in other parts of the UK, Nicola Sturgeon, the head of Scotland s devolved pro-independence government, said on Monday. Earlier, Irish government sources said the British government had agreed to maintain such alignment for Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK but shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland, an EU member state.     If one part of the United Kingdom can retain regulatory alignment with the European Union and effectively stay in the single market (which is the right solution for Northern Ireland) there is surely no good practical reason why others can t , Sturgeon said on Twitter. In the 2016 referendum in which the UK as a whole voted to leave the EU, a large majority of Scots voted to remain in the bloc. The British government has so far ruled out any special Brexit deal for Scotland that would reflect that.  The devolved Scottish government has been campaigning for the UK to stay within the European single market and customs union, and had originally argued that Scotland could stay in the single market even if the rest of the UK left the trading area. ",1
13202,Turkey says recognizing Jerusalem as capital would cause catastrophe,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A formal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel would cause catastrophe and lead to new conflict in the Middle East, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Monday. Speaking to reporters after a cabinet meeting, Bozdag, who is also the government spokesman, said Jerusalem s status had been determined by international agreements and that preserving it was important for the peace of the region.  The status of Jerusalem and Temple Mount have been determined by international agreements. It is important to preserve Jerusalem s status for the sake of protecting peace in the region,  Bozdag said.  If another step is taken and this step is lifted, this will be a major catastrophe.  Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war. It later annexed it, declaring the whole of the city as its capital   a move not recognized internationally. Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. On Sunday, U.S. President Donald Trump s adviser and son-in-law said Trump had not yet made a decision on whether to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a move that would break with decades of U.S. policy. Past U.S. presidents have insisted that the status of Jerusalem   home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions   must be decided in negotiations.  On Saturday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan held a phone call with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in which they discussed the status of Jerusalem, sources in Erdogan s office said.  The sources said Erdogan told Abbas that preserving the status of Jerusalem was important for all Muslim countries, adding that international laws and United Nations decisions should be followed on the issue. Any move by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital would fuel extremism and violence, Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday. A senior Jordanian source said on Sunday that Amman has begun consultations on convening an emergency meeting of the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation before Trump s expected declaration this week. ",1
13203,Russian prosecutors seek 10 years in jail for ex-economy minister: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian prosecutors on Monday sought a sentence of 10 years in jail for ex-economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev, on trial on charges of extorting a $2 million bribe from Rosneft chief Igor Sechin, Russian news agencies reported. Ulyukayev denies the charges. ",1
13204,"Saleh was killed in RPG, gun attack on his car, Houthis say; party confirms death","DUBAI (Reuters) - Officials in Ali Abdullah Saleh s General People s Congress party (GPC) confirmed to Reuters that the former Yemeni president and party leader has been killed outside Sanaa, in what sources in the Houthi group said was an RPG and gun attack. The GPC officials said Saleh was killed south of the capital Sanaa along with the assistant secretary-general of the GPC, Yasser al-Awadi.  Sources in the Houthi group said fighters stopped his armored vehicle with an RPG rocket and then shot him dead. ",1
13205,"Houthi radio station says ex-president Saleh killed, party denies","DUBAI (Reuters) - The radio station of Yemen s Houthi-controlled Interior Ministry said on Monday that the group s rival, ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh had been killed, but there has been no independent confirmation of his death. The report added that the official Houthi TV station would soon broadcast footage of his dead body, while social media users in Yemen circulated unverified images of a corpse which resembled the ex-president. Saleh s party denied to Reuters that their leader had been killed and said he was continuing to lead forces in their clashes against the Houthis in the capital Sanaa. His whereabouts are unknown and he has made no public appearances since the reports of his death surfaced. ",1
13206,"France, Germany want Iran to reverse ballistic missile program","PARIS (Reuters) - France and Germany agree that Iran must reverse its ballistic missile program and end its  hegemonic temptations  across the Middle east, the French foreign minister said on Monday.   We also have the same view on the necessity for Iran to go back on its ballistic missile program and its hegemonic temptations,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said at a news conference alongside his German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel.  ",1
13207,Honduran electoral website shows president 1.59 percent points ahead,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez held a lead over his main opposition rival after a partial recount of a disputed Nov. 26 presidential vote that has sparked a political crisis, the website of the electoral tribunal showed Monday. Hernandez had 42.98 percent of the vote, while TV star Salvador Nasralla had 41.39 percent, with 99.96 percent of votes tallied, according to the tribunal s website. The head of the tribunal, David Matamoros, has yet to declare an outright winner, telling reporters that parties could still file legal challenges and that the tribunal could still consider a wider recount. He said there would be more announcements later on Monday. Early last week, Nasralla, a former sportscaster and game show host, appeared set for an upset victory over Hernandez, gaining a five point lead with over half of the vote tallied. After the count suddenly halted for more than a day, the sporadic vote count started leaning in favor of the incumbent. ",1
13208,Brexit deal agreed on all Irish issues - Irish government sources,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - British and European Union Brexit negotiators have reached agreement on a deal for all Irish issues, including the maintenance of regulatory alignment on the island to avoid a hard border, two Irish government sources told Reuters.  Agreement has been reached on an overall deal for the Irish issues,  one of the sources said.  The key phrase is a clear commitment to maintaining regulatory alignment in relation to the rules of the customs union and internal market which are required to support the Good Friday Agreement, the all-island economy and the border.  ",1
13209,EU getting closer to starting trade talks with Britain in December: Tusk,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The chairman of European Union leaders said on Monday he was encouraged by the progress of talks on avoiding a physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves the EU, which brought closer the prospect of starting trade talks with Britain. London wants to start talks on the future trade deal with the EU as soon as possible to provide clarity for companies based in Britain on the terms of business after exiting the EU in March 2019. But the EU said it could only start such talks once sufficient progress is made in negotiations on the terms of the divorce - a financial settlement, citizens  rights and the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland.  Tell me why I like Mondays! Encouraged after my phone call with Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar) on progress on Brexit issue of Ireland. Getting closer to sufficient progress at December EU summit,  Donald Tusk said on Twitter. ",1
13210,"U.N. seeks humanitarian pause in Sanaa where streets ""battlegrounds""","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations called on Monday for a humanitarian pause in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Tuesday to allow civilians to leave their homes, aid workers to reach them, and the wounded to get medical care. Jamie McGoldrick, U.N. humanitarian coordinator in Yemen, said in a statement that the streets of Sanaa had become  battlegrounds  and that aid workers  remain in lockdown .  Thus, I call on all parties to the conflict to urgently enable a humanitarian pause on Tuesday 5 December, between 10:00 a.m. and 16:00 p.m. to allow civilians to leave their homes and seek assistance and protection and to facilitate the movement of aid workers to ensure the continuity of life-saving programs,  he said.  McGoldrick warned the warring parties that any deliberate attacks against civilians, and against civilian and medical infrastructure, are  clear violations of international humanitarian law and may constitute war crimes . ",1
13211,Zimbabwe swears in first post-Mugabe cabinet,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s new president Emmerson Mnangagwa swore in his cabinet on Monday, with allies defending him against criticism for giving top posts to the generals who helped his rise to power. Sworn in as president on Nov. 24 after 93-year-old Robert Mugabe quit following a de facto military coup, Mnangagwa has also come under fire for bringing back several faces from the Mugabe era, including Patrick Chinamasa as finance minister. Air Marshall Perrance Shiri, who was handed the sensitive land portfolio, defended his appointment in remarks to reporters after a simple ceremony to take oaths of office.  Who says military people should never be politicians? I m a Zimbabwean so I have every right to participate in government,  he said. Shiri is feared and loathed by many Zimbabweans as the former commander of the North Korean-trained  5 Brigade  that played a central role in ethnic massacres in Matabeleland in 1983 in which an estimated 20,000 people were killed. Land is a central political issue in the southern African country, where reforms in the early 2000s led to the violent seizure of thousands of white-owned farms and hastened an economic collapse.  Another military figure is foreign minister Sibusiso Moyo, whom most Zimbabweans remember as the khaki-clad general who went on state television in the early hours of Nov. 15 to announce the military takeover. He declined to discuss the cabinet with Reuters, saying he had yet to get into his new office. Assembling a cabinet has not been without mishaps. Mnangawa dropped his initial pick as education minister on Saturday, 24 hours after appointing him, after a public outcry and reshuffled two others to meet a Constitutional requirement that all but five ministers be Members of Parliament. This has left the information portfolio vacant after he named Chris Mutsvangwa, the influential leader of the war veterans  association, as special advisor to the president. Mutsvangwa has defended the cabinet, which at 22 is smaller than Mugabe s 33-strong team, saying the two military appointments were not unique to Zimbabwe. He also said Mnangagwa had  engaged  the opposition MDC party about taking part in an  inclusive  government, but its leader Morgan Tsvangirai had blocked it   a claim disputed by the MDC.  As far as we are concerned there was no contact whatsoever between President Mnangagwa, ZANU-PF and our party regarding the possibility of inclusion or involvement of our members in the government,  MDC Vice President Nelson Chamisa told Reuters. ",1
13212,German SPD to start talks with Merkel next week if members agree,"BERLIN/MUNICH (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said on Monday he would launch talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party gave him the green light at a congress this weekend. The remarks by Martin Schulz raised hopes that the two parties that suffered losses to the far right in an election in September could renew an alliance that has ruled Germany since 2013 and end the political deadlock in Europe s largest economy. Merkel turned to the SPD after failing to form a three-way alliance with the left-leaning Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats, plunging Germany into a political impasse and raising doubt about her future after 12 years in power.  We ll explore whether and how the formation of a government is possible in Germany,  Schulz told journalists. The SPD party board leadership had earlier set down its key demands for coalition talks with the conservatives. On the divisive issue of immigration, one of the main reasons for the collapse of Merkel s first effort, the SPD said it opposed a conservative plan to extend a ban on the right to family reunions for some asylum seekers.  Family reunions and family cohabitation lead to good integration,  the SPD document said.  That s why we are against extending the suspension of family reunions.  In a sign of the tensions likely to bubble up between the parties, Horst Seehofer, leader of the arch-conservative Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), warned the SPD not to try to prevent attempts to extend the ban on family reunifications.  That would lead to such a huge migrant influx again that Germany s ability to integrate them all would be completely overstretched,  Seehofer, leader of the Christian Social Union (CSU), told Bild newspaper. Merkel could also face complications from her own camp. Her arch-conservative CSU allies in Bavaria on Monday named right-winger Markus Soeder to be their candidate for the state premiership in a regional election next autumn, potentially weakening her hand as she negotiates with the SPD. Merkel s CDU and the CSU bled support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in September s federal election because of anger at the chancellor s decision in 2015 to open Germany s door to more than a million asylum seekers. The CSU now fears losing more votes at regional level. The future of Seehofer had been in question since the election. After the losses, Merkel reluctantly accepted a CSU demand to put a limit on the number of asylum seekers Germany will accept each year. Asked why he was clearing the stage for Soeder to lead the CSU in next year s vote in Bavaria, Seehofer said:  The past doesn t win you any elections.  Soeder, who has accused Merkel of pulling the conservatives to the left and took a hard line on Greece during the euro zone crisis, is likely to be a bigger thorn in Merkel s side than Seehofer, who is expected to remain party leader.  For its part, the SPD, which has governed in coalition under Merkel since 2013, suffered its worst election result in postwar history in September, and had been reluctant to join another  grand coalition . It dropped its pledge to go into opposition only after Merkel failed to form a government, bowing to pressure from President Frank-Walter Steinmeier to ease the deadlock. The SPD will hold a party congress in Berlin this weekend, where it is expected to debate its position on coalition talks. Kevin Kuehnert, the head of the SPD s youth wing - which opposes another grand coalition - told Die Welt newspaper that the outgoing CDU-CSU-SPD government had been characterized by  cheap and often quite bad compromises, such as on urgently needed investment in education and infrastructure . The SPD did not stake out a position on the conservatives  upper limit on refugees in its policy document. But it did say Germany should work with French President Emmanuel Macron on strengthening the European project through policies geared to fight high youth unemployment. It did not mention key proposals by Macron that the euro zone should have its own budget and finance minister, but it did refer to his plan for closer defense cooperation. On the economy, the SPD s proposals for more rights for workers and employee-friendly regulation of the large temporary work sector could draw fire from the CSU. The long political impasse is starting to worry investors. An investor sentiment survey tracking Germany fell in December. The research group Sentix said investors wanted to know how expensive a tie-up with the SPD would be. ",1
13213,Belgian judge to decide on warrant for ex-Catalan leader on Dec. 14: lawyer,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge will decide on the exercising of a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Dec. 14, his lawyers said on Monday. Puigdemont and four of his ministers left Spain after his regional government was sacked by Madrid for unilaterally declaring Catalonia independent following a referendum on secession that court authorities in Madrid had ruled was illegal. They face an arrest warrant from Spain with charges of rebellion and sedition. Paul Bekaert, one of Puigdemont s lawyers, said a decision on the execution of the arrest warrant would be made on Dec. 14. A Brussels court last month spared Puigdemont custody but ruled he could not leave Belgium without a judge s consent. ",1
13214,"Fiercest clashes yet in Sanaa, Yemen casualties growing: ICRC","GENEVA (Reuters) - Fighting in Yemen s capital has intensified, with the known toll from three hospitals reaching at least 125 killed and 238 wounded in the past six days, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Monday. Saudi-led coalition warplanes struck at Houthi militia positions in Yemen s capital Sanaa for a second day on Monday in support of ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh, a former Houthi ally who has now renounced his alliance with the Iranian-backed group. Residents are trapped in their homes, many lacking provisions, with the sick, wounded and pregnant women often unable to reach hospitals, ICRC spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said.  The ICRC supplies three large hospitals in the Yemeni capital - Al Thawra, Al Jumhouri and Al Kuwait - which urgently need kits for treating war-wounded, she said.   According to the hospitals we are in touch with, the clashes have claimed the lives of 125 people and wounded 238,   she said.  But due to the fighting, the agency cannot reach its medical warehouse in Sanaa which was hit overnight, but as far as it knows the kits and other goods have not been damaged, she added, declining to give more details about whether it was struck in an air strike or by another type of attack. She said they were looking at donating body bags to the hospitals, plus other supplies.  We hope to donate fuel to the main hospitals because they depend on generators and they are in urgent need of fuel because their stocks are being depleted at a time of the recent increase in the number of casualties,  Jaquemet said. Hospitals need electricity to perform surgeries and maintain the cold chain for drugs and vaccines, she said.  The ICRC  relocated  13 international staff to Djibouti from Sanaa on Monday, leaving about 199 staff in the city, including 21 expatriates, she said. The agency deploys about 425 staff in Yemen, including in Hodeida, Saada, Taiz and Aden, she said. U.N. and other aid officials said on Sunday that the United Nations was trying to evacuate at least 140 aid workers from the Yemeni capital amid fighting that had cut off the airport road, but awaited approval from the Saudi-led coalition. ",1
13215,Jordan sentences Syrian militant to death over border attack,"AMMAN (Reuters) - A state security court in Jordan on Monday sentenced one Syrian militant to death and handed life sentences to three others for their role in a suicide bombing attack on a Jordanian military border post that killed seven guards last year. Military judge Colonel Mohammad al-Afif said the men, in their early twenties, were involved in helping the Islamic State militant group stage the suicide bombing that shook the kingdom in June last year. Afif said the four had provided photos and intelligence about the Jordanian military post to an Islamic State leader in the former de facto capital of the militants, Raqqa in Syria. The Islamic state leader then sent the suicide bomber. The military outpost was located a few hundred meters away from Rukban camp in a no-man s land where thousands of Syrian refugees were stranded and near where the frontiers of Iraq, Syria and Jordan meet. The court found the four, who were residents of the camp, guilty of  abetting terrorist acts that led to the death of human beings  and other charges of committing  terrorist acts using automatic weapons . A fifth defendant was acquitted. They had all pleaded not guilty when the trial began last March.  Officials said at the time the suicide bomber drove an explosive laden car at full speed from behind a berm and evaded troops to reach the Jordanian post and detonate his car.  The blast, for which Islamic State claimed responsibility a few days later, also left 15 soldiers wounded, officials said. The area was later declared a closed military zone and the incident disrupted aid to tens of thousands of Syrian refugees. Jordan, which has kept tight control of its frontier with Syria since the outbreak of war in its neighbor, is a partner in a U.S.-led coalition fighting militants in Syria and Iraq, and has been the target of attacks before. Tens of thousands of Syrian refugees fleeing violence and Russian air strikes in the eastern Homs desert had sought shelter at Rukban, a remote desert camp. King Abdullah had said there were militants among them and Jordan refused to allow them to enter on security grounds. ",1
13216,Britain and EU agree to avoid hard border in Ireland-Daily Telegraph,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union have agreed a deal that ensures there will be no hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Brexit, the chief political correspondent of the Daily Telegraph said on Twitter on Monday.  British negotiators have been locked in last-minute talks with their EU and Irish counterparts, trying to put together a Brexit deal that Prime Minister Theresa May might agree over lunch in Brussels.  Britain and the European Union are understood to have agreed a deal to ensure there is no hard border between Northern and Southern Ireland after Brexit,  the Telegraph s Christopher Hope said on Twitter. The Financial Times also reported that a compromise on the border had been reached. The two sides will agree to maintaining  regulatory alignment  between Northern Ireland and the Republic after Brexit, the FT said.  ",1
13217,Catalonia's pro-independence parties seen losing majority in election: poll,"NMADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s pro-independence parties were seen losing their parliamentary majority in the regional election on Dec. 21, an official poll showed on Monday. Pro-indepence party Junts per Catalunya was seen winning 25-26 seats, ERC another 32 seats and extreme-left party CUP 9 seats, according to the poll carried out by Sociological Research Centre (CIS). That would give the pro-independence camp just 67 seats in the 135-seat regional parliament, stripping them of the previous slim majority. The government s People s Party (PP) would win just 7 seats while the Socialists would take 21 and the market friendly Ciudadanos 31-32 seats, the poll showed. CatComu-Podem, the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party, could win 9 seats, according to the survey.  ",1
13218,"France close to Qatar military, transport contracts:  presidential source","PARIS (Reuters) - France is close to finalizing major military and transport contracts during a visit by Emmanuel Macron to Qatar on Thursday, a French presidential source said. Qatar has an option to buy 12 more Dassault-made Rafale fighter jets after buying 24 planes in 2015 for about 6 billion euros ($7.11 billion) and officials have said that the deal could be concluded this week. The two sides are also in talks for sale of 300 VBCI armored vehicles from French firm Nexter and a contract worth some 3 billion euros to manage the Doha metro for 20 years.  Discussions are ongoing,  a French presidential source told reporters on Monday ahead of the visit.  You spoke about several dossiers for which the point of maturity is close, but I prefer to remain a little bit prudent and wait until Thursday.   Paris has close commercial and political ties with Qatar and has pushed further business interests in the country as well as encourage investment into France, where the gas-rich Gulf state already has assets of about $10 billion. It has also sought to play a role as a go-between in a row, which began in early June when Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt cut political and trade ties with Qatar. Since then Qatar has sought to strengthen its military, including signing military equipment deals with the United States, Russia and Britain. ($1 = 0.8441 euros) ",1
13219,"Malta police arrest 10 suspects in murder of blogger, PM says","VALLETTA (Reuters) - Maltese police have arrested 10 suspects in the murder of anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia, the country s prime minister said on Monday, almost two months after she was killed when her car was blown up.  All of the suspects are Maltese nationals and most have a criminal record, Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said, without providing any further details. The police have 48 hours to question the suspects, arraign them or release them. Muscat initially announced eight arrests at a press conference, then later said on Twitter that two more had been apprehended.  Authorities have all areas of interest under control since early this morning and searches are underway,  he said. A section of Lighters Wharf in Marsa was sealed off early on Monday as helicopters circled above. Military and police used sniffer dogs to search. Caruana Galizia, 53, was murdered on Oct. 16 as she was driving away from her house in northern Malta. She wrote a popular blog in which she relentlessly highlighted cases of alleged graft targeting politicians from across party lines. Galizia was following leads from the Panama Papers, which  were leaked in 2015 and show how the world s rich use offshore firms to hide their wealth. She had also accused senior figures in the government and opposition of corruption and money laundering. All have denied the accusations and Galizia was hit with 36 libel suits in the nine months preceding her death. Her murder shocked Malta and raised concern within the European Union about the rule of law on the Mediterranean island. Concluding a fact-finding mission on Friday, a group of EU lawmakers said there was a  perception of impunity  in Malta. ",1
13220,U.S. firms invited to bid for Saudi nuclear plants,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has invited U.S. firms to take part in developing its civilian nuclear power program, Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Monday, adding the kingdom was not interested in diverting nuclear technology to military use. Reuters has reported that Westinghouse is in talks with other U.S.-based companies to form a consortium for a multi-billion-dollar project to build two reactors and that those firms are pushing Washington to restart talks with Riyadh on a civil nuclear cooperation pact. Falih said Saudi Arabia was committed to restricting nuclear technology to civilian use.  Not only are we not interested in any way to diverting nuclear technology to military use, we are very active in non-proliferation by others,  he said at a joint news conference with U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry. KACARE, the King Abdullah City for Atomic and Renewable Energy, is the Saudi government agency tasked with the nuclear plans. It said last month on its website that it was in talks with Toshiba-owned Westinghouse and France s EDF.   We hope that the two paths will converge - the commercial, technical discussions between KACARE and the American companies, while we work with our counterparts on the American side to address the regulatory and policy issues,  Falih said. Perry, who is on his first official visit to Saudi Arabia and will go on to the United Arab Emirates and Qatar this week, said it was  a bit premature  to comment on the negotiations.  We are in the early stages of it but I think we both are working from the position of getting to yes,  he said. Washington usually requires a country to sign a peaceful nuclear cooperation pact - known as a 123 agreement - that blocks steps in fuel production with potential bomb-making uses. In previous talks, Saudi Arabia has refused to sign up to any agreement that would deprive it of the possibility of one day enriching uranium. The world s top oil exporter says it wants nuclear power to diversify its energy mix allowing it to export more crude rather than burning it to generate electricity. It has not yet acquired nuclear power or enrichment technology. Reactors need uranium enriched to around 5 percent purity but the same technology in this process can also be used to enrich the heavy metal to a higher, weapons-grade level. This has been at the heart of Western and regional concerns over the nuclear work of Iran, Saudi Arabia s arch-rival which enriches uranium domestically. Riyadh has said it wants to tap its own uranium resources for  self-sufficiency in producing nuclear fuel . The kingdom sent a request for information to nuclear reactor suppliers in October, and plans to award the first construction contract in 2018. Its nuclear plans have gained momentum as part of a reform plan led by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to reduce the economy s dependence on oil. Riyadh wants eventually to install up to 17.6 gigawatts of atomic capacity by 2032 - or up to 17 reactors. This is a promising prospect for the struggling global nuclear industry and the United States is expected to face competition from South Korea, Russia, France and China for the initial tender. ",1
13221,Britain's Davis says vital that Brexit talks progress onto trade,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Monday it was vital that European Union negotiators agree to move the talks on to discuss trade, saying it was of huge value to all members of the trading bloc.   It s an important day... Everybody understands that the decision to move on to trade talks is vital, it s vital to everybody, it s of huge value to the 27 members and to ourselves,  he told Sky News.  British negotiators were locked in last-minute talks with their European Union and Irish counterparts on Monday, trying to put together a Brexit deal that Prime Minister Theresa May might agree over lunch in Brussels. ",1
13222,Yemen's Houthis blow up ex-president Saleh's house,"SANAA (Reuters) - Fighters from Yemen s armed Houthi movement blew up house the house of ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh in the center of the capital Sanaa on Monday, residents reported, as his whereabouts remain unknown. His loyalists have lost ground on the sixth day of heavy urban combat with the Iran-aligned Houthis, his former allies in nearly three years of war with a Saudi-led military coalition. ",1
13223,"With new plan, Swiss pin anti-extremism hopes on prevention","ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland released a national plan on Monday to prevent violent extremism, including training teachers and coaches to recognize warning signs and re-integrating people who have already been radicalized. The Swiss so far have avoided the kind of attacks that have hit neighboring Germany and France, but the Swiss Intelligence Service said last month it was tracking 550 people deemed a potential risk to Switzerland as part of its  jihad monitoring program,  up from 497 people at the end of 2016. Last month, Swiss and French police combined in a cross-border anti-terrorism swoop in which 10 people were arrested. Several high-profile criminal prosecutions have been carried out against people accused of supporting banned groups, including al Qaeda or Islamic State. Over the past 14 months, Switzerland developed the new action plan, which includes 26 measures to better counter such threats.  The government is setting aside 5 million Swiss francs ($5.08 million) to support the program over five years, although officials said the main responsibility for implementing programs lies at the local rather than federal level.  If you want to stop terrorism, you cannot wait until it is at your door and the police have to take action, you have to tackle it much earlier,  Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga told a news conference.   If we want to accomplish something, we have to prevent people from being radicalized in such a way that they resort to violence and turn themselves into terrorists.  Neutral Switzerland has not participated in wars in the Middle East, but some fear domestic policies could put the country in the crosshairs of extremists. Voters in 2009 banned the construction of new minarets, and the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino has banned facial coverings.  A national referendum to ban burqas is also in the works. The action plan comes on top of a separate effort by Bern to tighten anti-terrorism laws, a push that could toughen sentences for people who support violent extremism and boost cooperation with other countries  intelligence services.  ($1 = 0.9837 Swiss francs) ",1
13224,EU's Tusk cancels Mideast trip due to Brexit crunch,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk canceled a trip to Israel and the Palestinian Territories planned for this week due to a  critical moment  in Brexit negotiations, an EU official said on Monday. Tusk, who scheduled a meeting in Brussels at short notice on Monday with British Prime Minister Theresa May, will chair an EU summit next week that London hopes will give the go-ahead to opening talks on post-Brexit trade relations. On Wednesday, Tusk had been due to meet Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah in Ramallah and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem. ",1
13225,Moscow to respond to pressure on Russian media abroad: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s communications watchdog Roskomnadzor said on Monday it would respond in kind to any violations of the rights of Russian companies and media abroad, saying it had the tools to do this, the RIA news agency reported. Russia threatened to take action against Alphabet Inc s (GOOGL.O) Google if articles from Russian news websites Sputnik and Russia Today were placed lower in search results, after a statement by Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt appeared to admit this.  We have been in correspondence with Google regarding this, and Google replied to us that they had in no way implied this ranking of information,  RIA cited Roskomnadzor head Alexander Zharov as saying.  It is completely clear that there is the need to react in kind to any violations of the rights of our companies as well as of our mass media,  he said.  And the Russian Federations has the tools to do this.  ",1
13226,Irish government says significant progress on Brexit talks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland has made  significant progress  in talks with Britain on the future of the Northern Irish border, but the sides are  not there yet , a spokesman for Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Monday. The spokesman said Ireland was seeking  a commitment to avoid a hard border in the withdrawal treaty, or ensuring that the rules and regulations of the single market and customs union cannot diverge . It is also looking for assurances on the protection of the Northern Ireland peace process, cross-border funding and the British-Irish common travel area as well as a commitment to a transition period, he said.   ",1
13227,Irish foreign minister says Brexit border breakthrough possible on Monday,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - No agreement has yet been reached between Britain and Ireland on the future of the Northern Irish border, but the breakthrough required to allow wider Brexit talks to proceed could come later on Monday, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said. British Prime Minister Theresa May hopes to break the Brexit talks deadlock on Monday with a new offer on divorce settlements at a crunch meeting with EU officials, but she has not yet achieved  sufficient progress  on the Irish border - one of three issues that must be resolved. Coveney said the talks were in a  sensitive place  with the two governments discussing possible texts of an agreement, which is a prerequisite for Britain to start discussions on a new trade pact and a two-year transitional deal.  We re not quite yet where we need to be. But it is possible to do that today,  Coveney told Irish state broadcaster RTE.  Hopefully we ll find a way forward today,  he said. Ireland has called on Britain to provide details of how it will ensure there is no  regulatory divergence  after Brexit in March 2019 that would require physical border controls. But any solution will need the support of Northern Ireland s pro-Brexit Democratic Unionist Party, whose 10 members of parliament are propping up May s government. Coveney said that draft texts were produced following progress in talks last Thursday and that discussions had continued over the weekend.   There are political conversations happening in both governments in relation to that text,  he said.  Both governments understand what each other is asking for.   ",1
13228,CSU nominates right-winger as candidate for Bavaria state premier,"MUNICH (Reuters) - Lawmakers of Germany s Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, have nominated state finance minister Markus Soeder as candidate for state premier in a regional election. CSU parliamentary group leader Thomas Kreuzer told reporters in Munich that CSU lawmakers had unilaterally agreed to nominate Soeder, a fierce critic of Merkel s refugee policy, as candidate to run for state premier in next year s regional election. Soeder said he welcomed the decision from Bavarian state premier Horst Seehofer to keep the post of CSU party leader since this would help to find a way out of the political impasse in Berlin. ",1
13229,"Syrian, Russian jets bomb residential areas in eastern Ghouta: witnesses, monitor","AMMAN (Reuters) - Jets believed to be Syrian and Russian struck heavily crowded residential areas in a besieged rebel enclave near Damascus, killing at least 27 people and injuring dozens in the third week of a stepped-up assault, residents, aid workers and a war monitor said on Monday. Civil defense workers said at least 17 were killed in the town of Hamoriya in an aerial strike on a marketplace and nearby residential area after over nearly 30 strikes in the past 24 hours that struck several towns in the densely populated rural area east of Damascus known as the Eastern Ghouta. Four other civilians were killed in the town of Arbin,  while the rest came from strikes on Misraba and Harasta, the civil defense workers said.  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict, said the casualties on Sunday were the biggest daily death toll since the stepped-up strikes began 20 days ago. The monitor said nearly 200 civilians were killed in strikes and shelling, including many women and children, during that period. The Eastern Ghouta has been besieged by army troops since 2013 in an attempt to force the rebel enclave to submission.  The government has in recent months tightened the siege in what residents and aid workers have said is a deliberate use of starvation as a weapon of war, a charge the government denies. The United Nations says about 400,00 civilians besieged in the region face  complete catastrophe  because aid deliveries by the Syrian government were blocked and hundreds of people who need urgent medical evacuation have not been allowed outside the enclave.  Eastern Ghouta is the last remaining large swathe of rebel-held area around Damascus that has not reached an evacuation deal to surrender weapons in return for allowing fighters to go to other rebel-held areas farther north.  They are targeting civilians ... a jet hit us there, no rebels or checkpoints,  Sadeq Ibrahim, a trader, said by phone in Hamoriya.  May God take his revenge on the regime and Russia,  said Abdullah Khalil, another resident, who said he lost members of his family in the air strike on Arbin and was searching for survivors among the rubble. The intensified bombardment of Eastern Ghouta follows a rebel attack last month on an army complex in the heart of the region that the army had used to bomb nearby rebel-held areas. Residents said, however, that the failure of the army to dislodge rebels from the complex had prompted what they believe were retaliatory indiscriminate attacks on civilians in the Eastern Ghouta. Government advances since last year have forced people to flee deeper into its increasingly overcrowded towns. The loss of farmland is increasing pressure on scarce food supplies. The Eastern Ghouta is part of several de-escalation zones that Russia has brokered with rebels across Syria that has freed the army to redeploy in areas where it can regain ground. Rebels accuse the Syrian government and Russia of violating the zones and say they were meant as a charade to divert attention from the heavy daily bombing of civilian areas. The Syrian government and Russia deny their jets bomb civilians and insist they only strike militant hideouts.  ",1
13230,Indonesia president nominates air chief to replace controversial military head,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Joko Widodo has nominated the chief of staff of the air force to be the new head of the armed forces (TNI), to replace a controversial general who is due to retire in April. Air Chief Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto has close ties to the president and was previously in charge of an air base in the city of Solo, on the island of Java, when Widodo was its mayor. Since then, Tjahjanto has been promoted a number of times including to inspector general of the defense ministry and the president s military secretary.  Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto is considered capable and qualified to become TNI commander,  presidential spokesman Johan Budi told reporters on Monday after confirming the nomination. The proposal had been sent to the parliament, which needs to approve it, he said. Abdul Kharis Almasyhari, chairman of a parliamentary commission with oversight of defense and security, said the commission would do a  fit and proper  assessment of the nomination, which hopefully could be completed by a Dec. 14  recess. The outgoing armed forces chef, General Gatot Nurmantyo, who will step down at the end of his term in April, has often courted controversy over what analysts see as his political ambitions.  He has been accused of whipping up nationalist sentiment by promoting the notion that Indonesia is besieged by  proxy wars  waged by foreign states looking to undermine it. In October, Widodo said the armed forces should stay out of politics and ensure their loyalty was only to the state and the government - a statement many believed referred to Nurmantyo s actions. There has been speculation that Nurmantyo would seek to run for vice president or even president in 2019. Nurmantyo has not confirmed any political ambitions. He told a briefing in October the military was  neutral in practical politics . ",1
13231,"South Korea, U.S. kick off large-scale air exercise amid North Korean warnings","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States launched large-scale joint aerial drills on Monday, officials said, a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced missile as part of a weapons programme that has raised global tensions. The annual U.S.-South Korean drill, called Vigilant Ace, will run until Friday, with six F-22 Raptor stealth fighters to be deployed among the more than 230 aircraft taking part. The exercises have been condemned as a provocation by the isolated North. F-35 fighters will also join the drill, which will also include the largest number of 5th generation fighters to take part, according to a South Korea-based U.S. Air Force spokesman. Around 12,000 U.S. service members, including from the  Marines and Navy, will join South Korean troops. Aircraft taking part will be flown from eight U.S. and South Korean military installations.  South Korean media reports said B-1B Lancer bombers could join the exercise this week. The U.S. Air Force spokesman could not confirm the reports. The joint exercise is designed to enhance readiness and operational capability and to ensure peace and security on the Korean peninsula, the U.S. military had said before the drills began. The drills come a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile ever in defiance of international sanctions and condemnation. Pyongyang blamed U.S. President Donald Trump for raising tensions and warned at the weekend the Vigilant Ace exercise was pushing tensions on the Korean peninsula towards  a flare-up , according to North Korean state media. North Korea s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country called Trump  insane  on Sunday and said the drill would  push the already acute situation on the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war . The North s KCNA state news agency, citing a foreign ministry spokesman, also said on Saturday the Trump administration was  begging for nuclear war by staging an extremely dangerous nuclear gamble on the Korean peninsula . North Korea regularly uses its state media to threaten the United States and its allies. ",1
13232,Australian lawmaker proposes to same-sex partner on floor of parliament,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - An Australian conservative politician on Monday proposed to his long-term partner on the floor of parliament, ahead of the expected passage of a measure for same sex couples to marry. Australians overwhelmingly voted for same-sex marriage in a postal vote in September and a marriage equality bill that passed the senate last week is being debated in the lower house, where it is expected to pass this week.  Liberal member of parliament Tim Wilson proposed to his partner Ryan Bolger in the capital of Canberra, the two having already exchanged rings but having pledged to wait for the country to pass the legislation before they wed.  This debate has been the soundtrack to our relationship,   an emotional Wilson said to his partner, seated in parliament s public viewing area above.    In our first speech I defined our bond by the ring that sits on both of our left hands, that they are the answer to the question we cannot ask. So there s only one thing left to do - Ryan Patrick Bolger, will you marry me?  asked Wilson, who was formerly Australia s human rights commissioner. Bolger nodded yes, to applause.   Both Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition government and the main opposition Labor Party have said they aim to pass the law by Dec. 7, but any proposed amendments could stretch out that timeline. Passage of the bill will make Australia the 26th nation to legalize same-sex marriage, a watershed for a country in which some states considered homosexual activity illegal until 1997.  This is an issue of fundamental fairness,  Turnbull said to parliament later on Monday.  A society that promotes freedom and equality under the law should accord gay men and women the right to marriage.  About 80 percent of eligible voters participated in the voluntary survey, a turnout larger than for Britain s Brexit vote and Ireland s same-sex marriage referendum.  The message today, to every gay person in this nation, is clear,  Turnbull added.  We love you, we respect you, your relationship is recognized by the Commonwealth as legitimate and honorable as anybody else s.  ",1
13233,France should know that Iran's missiles are not negotiable: spokesman,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - France should know that Iran s missile program is not an issue that can be negotiated, Iran s foreign ministry spokesman, Bahram Qassemi, said in an interview with state media on Monday.  French official, other officials, who want to speak about Iran s affairs need to pay attention to the deep developments that have come to pass in the region in past decades and the big changes between the current situation and the past,  Qassemi said Monday, according to state media.  The Islamic Republic of Iran will definitely not negotiate on defense and missile issues.  Tension between Iran and France increased last month when  French President Emmanuel Macron said that Iran should be less aggressive in the region and should clarify its ballistic missile program.  His foreign minister also denounced, during a visit to Saudi Arabia, Iran s  hegemonic temptations . France could play a productive role in the Middle East by taking a  realistic and impartial approach , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told Macron in a telephone call two weeks ago, according to Iranian state media. Iranian state media said Rouhani told Macron that the Islamic Republic was ready to develop its relations with France on all bilateral, regional and international issues based on mutual respect and shared goals. ",1
13234,China says resurfacing tensions on Korean peninsula regrettable,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Monday that after two months of relative calm on the Korean peninsula, the resurfacing of tensions was regrettable.  Wang, speaking to reporters at a joint briefing with his  Mongolian counterpart, said that China has an open attitude on solutions to the North Korean nuclear issue, but that parties should be consultative. In late November, North Korea tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile yet, putting the continental United States within range and increasing pressure on U.S. President Donald Trump to deal with the nuclear-armed nation. North Korea s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Country called Trump  insane  on Sunday and said air drills between the United States and the South would  push the already acute situation on the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war .  ",1
13235,Bounce for Australian PM as voters tire of leadership roundabout,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Embattled Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull received an unexpected boost from an opinion poll on Monday that showed voters want their leaders to govern for their full terms rather than the revolving door that has marked Australian politics. Three sitting Australian prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010, dumped by their colleagues almost as soon as their popularity began to wane. Turnbull has flirted with becoming the latest victim of this syndrome, his popularity flagging ever since he became leader in a party-room coup in September 2015. However, Monday s Fairfax/Ipsos showed that voters had wearied of the national leadership switches, with 71 percent of 1,400 people surveyed saying they disapproved of changing leaders between elections. It came as some relief for Turnbull, whose centre-right coalition government is clinging precariously to power since a citizenship crisis forced his deputy, along with eight other lawmakers, out of parliament because they were dual citizens. The citizenship crisis left Turnbull presiding over a minority government.  If there s anyone silly enough to think that they could overthrow Turnbull, I would think this gives them pause for thought,  said Rod Tiffen, emeritus professor in government and international relations at Sydney University.  But the state of the polls generally is not good news for him,  he told Reuters.  The government clawed back one key seat on Saturday when Barnaby Joyce, Turnbull s deputy who was forced by the citizenship crisis to recontest his seat, resoundingly won a by-election to regain his place in parliament. However, another crucial by-election looms on Dec. 19 and the crisis continues to distract from Turnbull s attempts at turning the domestic agenda to voter-friendly issues such as tax reform and housing affordability. The Liberal-National coalition lost a 24th straight fortnightly Newspoll, also published on Monday, since Turnbull ousted his predecessor Tony Abbott. Turnbull seized the leadership after Abbott lost 30 consecutive Newspolls and now finds himself under enormous pressure. A poor showing at a state election in Queensland last month, as well as his handling of a vote to legalize same-sex marriage, prompted disgruntled coalition lawmakers to demand that Turnbull quit last week. He has so far stared down the threat and declared he will lead the coalition to the next election, which is due in 2019. Turnbull has also ordered all politicians to disclose the birthplace of their parents and grandparents on Dec. 5 in a bid to end the citizenship crisis. ",1
13236,"Earthquake strikes off Kermadec Islands, no tsunami warning","SYDNEY (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.0 struck off the Kermadec Islands at a depth of 10 km on Monday, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said. There was no tsunami warning.  ",1
13237,"After return home, former Egypt premier says still mulling election bid","CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik, who returned home from the United Arab Emirates after announcing his bid for Egypt s presidency, appeared in Cairo on Sunday to say he was still considering his run in next year s election. Shafik s comments on a private Cairo television station came a day after his family said he had been taken from their home in the Emirates and deported back to Egypt, where they said they had lost contact with him until late on Sunday. Shafik, a former air force chief and government minister, has been seen by critics of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as the strongest potential challenger to the president, who is expected to run for a second term next year. Details about what happened to Shafik between his leaving the UAE on Saturday and his declaration on Sunday were unclear. He made a surprise announcement from the UAE last week that he planned to run in the 2018 election.  Today, I am here in the country, so I think I am free to deliberate further on the issue, to explore and go down and talk to people in the street,  he said on Sunday.  There s a chance now to investigate more and see exactly what is needed ... to feel out if this is the logical choice.  The interview on Dream TV was Shafik s first public appearance since leaving the UAE on Saturday. His family said earlier they feared he had been  kidnapped . Sources said he had been picked up by Egyptian authorities at Cairo airport.  Shafik dismissed reports he had been kidnapped. His lawyer, Dina Adly, wrote on her Facebook page that she had been able to see him at a Cairo hotel and said he was not subject to any investigations. She did not confirm whether he was able to leave the hotel or country.  I had a meeting with Shafik an hour ago at one of the hotels in New Cairo and confirmed his health,  Adly wrote on Facebook, referring to a suburban area of Cairo.  He confirmed that his health was good and that he was not subjected to any investigations,  she wrote. Shafik s family said earlier he had been taken from their home on Saturday by UAE authorities and flown by private plane back to Cairo.  We know nothing about him since he left home yesterday,  Shafik s daughter May told Reuters on Sunday before his reappearance.  If he was deported he should have been able to go home by now, not just disappear. We consider him kidnapped.  UAE authorities confirmed he left the Emirates but gave no details. A source at the Egyptian interior ministry said:  We do not know anything about Shafik. We did not arrest him and we did not receive any requests from the prosecution to arrest him or bring him back.  Shafik s abrupt departure from UAE came weeks after Lebanese officials accused Saudi Arabia of meddling by forcing Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri to resign by holding him against his will.  Saudi Arabia denied those charges but the case prompted a crisis and pushed Lebanon back into the center of a regional struggle between Riyadh with its Sunni Gulf allies and Iran. Sisi is an ally of UAE and Saudi Arabia and his supporters say he is key to Egypt s stability. Critics say he has eroded freedoms gained after a 2011 uprising that ousted former leader Hosni Mubarak and jailed hundreds of dissidents. Sisi has won backing from Gulf states and has presented himself as a bulwark against Islamist militants since, as army commander, he led the overthrow in 2013 of former president Mohamed Mursi of the now banned Muslim Brotherhood. After four decades in the military, Shafik touted his military experience as one of his strengths in the 2012 vote. But he fled to the UAE to escape corruption charges in June 2012. He dismissed the charges as politically motivated and was taken off airport watchlists last year. In UAE, his family said he had round-the-clock security at home and informed authorities about his whereabouts. Soon after his announcement on Wednesday, he claimed he had been blocked from traveling, but his family later said he had been given assurances he could travel. Sisi has yet to announce his own intentions for the election. His supporters dismiss criticism over rights abuses and say any measures are needed for security in the face of an Islamist insurgency that has killed hundreds of police and soldiers. His government is struggling to crush the insurgency in the North Sinai region and has enacted painful austerity reforms over the last year which critics say have eroded his popularity. ",1
13238,Corsican nationalists surge in first round of French election,"PARIS (Reuters) - Corsican nationalists won almost half of the vote in the first round of the French Mediterranean island s territorial election on Sunday, a landslide likely to fuel local calls for greater autonomy from Paris. The ticket led by autonomist leader Gilles Simeoni won 45.36 percent of the votes for the newly created, more powerful local assembly, according to final interior ministry results. A second round will be held next Sunday. President Emmanuel Macron s ticket only came in fourth with 11.26 percent of the vote. In the April and May presidential elections, Macron had already significantly underperformed his national score in Corsica. Macron s Republic On the Move party said in a statement the vote showed Corsicans  loss of confidence in the central government and that it aimed to rebuilt trust everywhere in France. Separately, the party also hailed the election of the first mayor associated with Macron s movement on Sunday, in the southern village of Saint-Sulpice-la-Pointe near Toulouse. ",1
13239,Former Egyptian premier says still considering presidential bid,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian premier Ahmed Shafik said on Sunday he was still considering his presidential bid and exploring the idea further now that he is in Egypt, according to a televised interview on Sunday in which he denied authorities had kidnapped him.  Today I am here in the country, so I think I am free to deliberate further on the issue, to explore and go down and talk to people in the street ... so there s a chance now to investigate more and see exactly what is needed ... to feel out if this is the logical choice,  Shafik said. The interview on private Dream TV channel was Shafik s first public appearance since leaving the United Arab Emirates on Saturday for Cairo. His family said he was  kidnapped  and sources said he had been picked up by Egyptian officials at Cairo airport. ",1
13240,Saudi-led air strikes support Yemen's Saleh as he shifts against Houthis,"ADEN (Reuters) - A Saudi-led coalition launched air strikes on Yemen s capital, Sanaa, local media said, lending support to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh after he signaled he was abandoning his support of the Iran-aligned Houthis - a shift that could pave the way to end three years of war. In a speech on Saturday, Saleh appeared to indicate the end of his loyalists  alliance with Houthi fighters. He said he was ready to turn a  new page  in ties with the Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthis, if it stopped attacks on Yemeni citizens and lifted a siege.  Residents on Sunday, however, said a coalition air strike overnight killed 12 Yemeni civilians in one family in the northern province of Saada, the home territory of the Houthis. The attack could not be verified. Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television said on Sunday coalition aircraft pounded Houthi outposts in southern Sanaa overnight, but gave no details on casualties.  Separately, the Houthis, who together with Saleh s loyalists, control most of northern Yemen, said they had fired a cruise missile toward a nuclear power plant under construction in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), a report quickly denied by the UAE. Saleh s announcement on Saturday was welcomed by the Saudi-led coalition, which has been backed by the United States and other Western powers. The coalition, which includes the United Arab Emirates, is trying to help Yemen s internationally recognized President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi back to power, but it has struggled to advance against Houthi-Saleh forces. A split between Saleh s armed allies and the Houthis could tip the balance of power.   Army units loyal to Saleh have been clashing with Houthi fighters in the past five days, adding a new layer to an already complex situation in Yemen. Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash appeared to back Saleh s side in remarks on his official Twitter page.  The events in Sanaa are murky, but its national uprising needs support ... to protect the Arabian Peninsula from Iranian expansion,  he said. Residents in Sanaa reported on Sunday that the Houthis appeared to be clawing back some territory lost to Saleh over the previous four days, and Houthi tanks were deployed amid heavy gun battles in the city s central Political District. The area is a stronghold of Saleh s loyalists under the command of his nephew Tareq, an influential army general. The fighting has cut off the airport road, prompting the United Nations to try to evacuate at least 140 aid workers from Sanaa, according to U.N. and other aid officials. The U.N. was awaiting approval from the Saudi-led coalition, they said.  Residents earlier said Houthi fighters seized the television studios of Yemen Today, a news channel owned by Saleh, after clashes that damaged the building. Residents said 20 employees were trapped inside. The Red Cross said dozens of people have been killed in clashes over the past five days and called for civilian lives to be spared. In Tehran, Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi called for calm and restraint.  All internal disputes should be resolved through dialogue to block the grounds for any abuse by the enemies of the Yemeni nation,  he said, according to a statement on the ministry s website. Yemen is one of the poorest countries in the Middle East, and the proxy war between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the Saudi-backed Hadi has created widespread hunger and disease, in one of the worst humanitarian crises of recent times. More than 10,000 people have died since 2015, more than two million have been displaced and nearly a million have been infected by a cholera outbreak. Famine threatens much of the country. Yemen descended into violence in late 2014 when the Houthis, a group that follows the Zaidi branch of Shi ite Islam, marched on Sanaa and seized control of the government. Backed by government troops loyal to Saleh, the Houthis fanned out across the country, forcing Hadi to flee to Riyadh. His ouster led the alliance headed by the Saudis to join the fighting. The Houthis said the missile fired on Sunday was directed toward the al-Barakah nuclear power plant in Abu Dhabi, but provided no evidence of any attack. There were no reports of any missiles reaching Abu Dhabi. The country s crisis management authority said the al-Barakah was well protected and urged the public not to listen to rumors.  The National Emergency Crisis and Disasters Management Authority denies claims by the coup trumpets in Yemen that they fired a missile toward the airspace of the United Arab Emirates,  the department said in a statement carried by state news agency WAM. It said the nuclear power project was  fortified and sturdy against all possibilities. And enjoys all measures of nuclear safety and security that such grand projects require . The Houthis had said Abu Dhabi, a member of the Saudi-led coalition fighting against them since 2015, was a target for their missiles.  The Barakah project, which is being built by Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) (015760.KS), is expected to be completed and become operational in 2018, the UAE energy minister has said. It is the second time this year the Houthis have said they have fired missiles toward the UAE. A few months ago, they said they had  successfully  test-fired a missile toward Abu Dhabi, but there were no reports of any rockets being intercepted by or falling in the UAE. ",1
13241,"U.N. chief urges end to air, ground assaults in Yemen","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Sunday urged warring parties in Yemen to stop all ground and air assaults and called for a resumption of all commercial imports into the country because  millions of children, women and men risk mass hunger, disease and death.  A Saudi-led coalition launched air strikes on Yemen s capital, Sanaa, local media said, lending support to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh after he signaled he was abandoning his support of the Iran-aligned Houthis - a shift that could pave the way to end three years of war. ",1
13242,"Kenyan opposition says a strategist arrested, no reason given","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s opposition National Super Alliance said on Sunday that one of its key strategists had been arrested in Kwale, in the country s coastal region, and that his whereabouts were unknown. The Alliance said economist David Ndii had been taken away from the Diani area late on Sunday.  The family was told that he had been taken to the Diani beach police station, but when they went there they were told he was not there nor did they know where he was. No reason was given for his arrest,  Salim Lone, an adviser for Raila Odinga, the coalition s leader, said in a statement.  NASA lawyers from Nairobi and the coast are trying to locate where he is being held,  he said, referring to the coalition by its acronyms. Charles Owino, a police spokesman, said he was unaware of Ndii s arrest, as were police in Kwale.  Police have confirmed they have David Ndii at Diani Police Station. But they want to go back to his Leopard Beach Hotel in Kwale and pick the computer and laptop for the information they need,  Dennis Onyango, Odinga s spokesman, said on Twitter. President Uhuru Kenyatta defeated Odinga in August, but Odinga challenged the election and a court voided the results, citing procedural irregularities, and ordered a fresh vote. The court s decision was the first of its kind in Africa. Odinga boycotted the October repeat poll, saying the country s election commission had failed to carry out sufficient reforms. Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote. Last week, Odinga said he planned to have a people s assembly swear him in on Dec. 12 - the country s independence day - raising the prospect for confrontation with security forces. Lone said that Ndii had been appointed chairman of a steering committee for the steering committee organizing for Odinga s planned swearing in.  Why has @DavidNdii been arrested and where is he being held? Is he being permitted to speak to his lawyer? Is the rule of law and due process being respected?  Isaac Okero, the president of Law Society of Kenya, said on Twitter. Kenya is a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security. The prolonged election season disrupted its economy as investors waited to see the outcome. ",1
13243,U.S. quits talks on global migration pact over sovereignty clash,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States has quit negotiations on a voluntary pact to deal with migration because the global approach to the issue was  simply not compatible with U.S. sovereignty,  said U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley.  In a statement released late on Saturday, the U.S. mission to the U.N. noted that President Donald Trump made the decision.   No country has done more than the United States, and our generosity will continue,  said Haley, whose parents are immigrants from India.  But our decisions on immigration policies must always be made by Americans and Americans alone.    We will decide how best to control our borders and who will be allowed to enter our country,  she said. Trump campaigned last year on a promise to deport large numbers of immigrants and build a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico to help tackle illegal immigration and crime in the United States. Since he took office in January, he has also moved to ban U.S. entry by people from select Muslim countries.  With a record 21.3 million refugees globally, the 193-member U.N. General Assembly adopted a political declaration in September last year in which they also agreed to spend two years negotiating the pact on safe, orderly and regular migration. Former U.S. President Barack Obama s administration backed the resolution, known as the New York Declaration, which also asked U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi to propose a global compact on refugees for adoption in 2018.   The global approach in the New York Declaration is simply not compatible with U.S. sovereignty,  Haley said. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres regretted the U.S. decision, his spokesman said on Sunday, but expressed hope the United States might re-engage in the talks.  The positive story of migration is clear: it needs to be better told. Equally, the challenges it throws up need to be tackled with more determination and greater international coordination,  U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said. Three days of preparatory talks begin in Mexico on Monday ahead of the start of formal negotiations in February over the non-binding pact.  Haley s predecessor Samantha Power mocked the U.S. move.  How to further insult your Mexican neighbor, turn your back on humanity s most desperate, and make America irrelevant on a hugely destabilizing global crisis in one easy step,  she posted on Twitter.  While former U.N. Deputy Secretary-General Jan Eliasson said on Twitter:  On migration, national solutions logically do not exist ... Going it alone is a lose-lose proposition.  (The story was refiled to correct the name of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees to Filippo Grandi from Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein in paragraph 7) ",1
13244,Lawyer for Egypt's ex-premier meets him at Cairo hotel: Facebook statement,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik s lawyer said on Sunday she had met with him at a hotel in Cairo, her first contact with him since his arrival in Cairo on Saturday. Shafik s family and lawyer said earlier they had lost contact with him after what they called his deportation from the United Arab Emirates to Cairo, days after announcing his intention to run for president of Egypt next year.  I had a meeting with Shafik an hour ago at one of the hotels in New Cairo and confirmed his health,  Shafik s lawyer, Dina Adly, wrote on Facebook.  He confirmed that his health was good and that he was not subjected to any investigations,  she wrote. Adly did not say whether Shafik was free to leave the hotel, which she did not identify by name.     ",1
13245,German police say Potsdam explosive package not 'terrorism',"BERLIN (Reuters) - German authorities investigating the delivery of a package containing powerful firecrackers, wires and nails to a pharmacy near a Christmas market in the city of Potsdam said on Sunday it was criminal activity rather than  terrorism.  Karl-Heinz Schroeter, interior minister of the state of Brandenburg where Potsdam is located, told a news conference criminals were behind the package which they had used to try to extort millions of euros from logistics firm DHL, which had delivered the package. Police said it was highly likely that the package could have exploded. Staff at the pharmacy in Potsdam, just outside Berlin, called the police on Friday after they discovered the suspicious package. The Christmas market was evacuated and the package was made safe by a police robot. DHL warned the public not to open packages if they did not recognize the sender s address or if the sender s address was suspicious.  As we find ourselves approaching Christmas, which is not only a time of peace, but also a time when many presents are sent, such an act of extortion is reprehensible,  Schroeter told the news conference. He said all efforts were being made to catch those who sent the package. Authorities said the people who sent the package most likely lived in Berlin or in the state of Brandenburg, which surrounds the German capital. They did not say how much money they had demanded, but said they had told DHL they would send more packages that could kill or injure if DHL, owned by Deutsche Post, refused to pay up. Brandenburg police chief Hans-Juergen Moerke said that a QR barcode that can be read using a smart phone was found on a piece of paper inside the package. The extortion letter addressed to DHL was found in the barcode. (The story was refiled to remove the reference to the police search after the news conference) ",1
13246,U.N. seeking to evacuate aid workers from Yemen: sources tell Reuters,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations is trying to evacuate at least 140 aid workers from the Yemeni capital amid fighting that has cut off the airport road, but is awaiting approval from the Saudi-led coalition, U.N. and other aid officials said on Sunday. Coalition aircraft bombed Houthi positions in Sanaa overnight, residents and local media said, aiming to shore up supporters of former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh as they battle the Houthi group, which is aligned with Iran.  It was the fourth day of clashes in which dozens have been killed, the Red Cross said.  There is a plane on stand-by in Djibouti for 140 international staff,  a U.N. official in Sanaa told Reuters. About half were from non-governmental organizations, he said.  Fighting is moving toward the airport and the situation is very tense. We can t even evacuate staff,  he said. United Nations staff have been confined to their living quarters in Sanaa since clashes erupted on Thursday, he said.  Shells were falling near the UN compound in Sanaa on Siteen Street on Sunday, with one source on the scene saying stray bullets had hit the compound. The compound is empty as staff had been told to stay at home and not report to work.  Another aid worker with an independent agency in Yemen, who declined to be identified, said the U.N. was planning to evacuate as many as 180 U.N. and other aid workers, but U.N. officials considered the airport road was not safe enough.  Russell Geekie, a U.N. humanitarian spokesman in New York, said the U.N. planned to reduce the number of non-essential staff in Sanaa, but they could not yet safely move, and exact numbers were unclear due to the fluidity of the situation.  We re very concerned by the clashes in Sanaa city, which have reportedly resulted in civilian deaths and have negative implications for the humanitarian response,  Geekie said in an emailed response to Reuters.  At present, fighting is restricting movement within the city, including on the airport road. The airport remains closed with Sanaa residents holed up in their homes.  Clearance to land at Sanaa airport has yet to be received from the coalition, who control the skies over the Houthi-controlled capital, aid workers said. Saleh said on Saturday he was ready to turn a  new page  in ties with the coalition fighting in Yemen if it stopped attacks on Yemeni citizens, in a move that could pave the way to end nearly three years of war. The apparent shift in position came as Saleh s supporters battled Houthi fighters in Hadda, a district in southern Sanaa where members of Saleh s family, including his nephew Tareq, live.  In Geneva, spokeswoman Elodie Schindler of the International Committee of the Red Cross said:  In light of the current chaotic situation, the ICRC is looking to downsize staff presence in Yemen to a core team . ",1
13247,Families of lost Argentina submarine crew decry government response,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Dozens of relatives of the 44 crew members of an Argentine submarine that went missing on November 15 marched from a naval base on Sunday, demanding to know what happened and criticizing the government s response to the tragedy. Holding posters with photos of the crew and chanting  Search and Rescue!  the family members walked away from a naval base in Mar del Plata, following a press conference during which the navy said the submarine had still not been located. The disaster has spurred soul searching over the state of the military in Argentina, which now has one of Latin America s smallest defense budgets in relation to economic size after a series of financial crises.   Our disagreement is with the government, not with the navy,  said Marcela Moyano, wife of crew member Hern n Rodr guez, during the protest.  Whoever is responsible needs to be held responsible.  Spokesman Enrique Balbi said on Thursday the navy had abandoned hope of rescuing the crew alive, noting the ARA San Juan had air supplies for a week while 15 days had passed since it last reported its position. Some family members complained they were not advised before the general public of the end of the rescue mission and have also demanded more contact with President Mauricio Macri in Mar del Plata, where the San Juan was scheduled to end its journey.  While local media have speculated Macri will soon declare a period of national mourning for the submarine crew, he has been silent in recent days.  He (Macri) needs to be here because this is the priority, there are 44 families behind this situation and someone has to be in charge,  said Marcela Fern ndez, wife of Alberto S nchez. Macri s defense minister met with families in Mar del Plata on Friday. Balbi said on Saturday an object that was being reviewed by a Russian unmanned remotely operated vehicle in the South Atlantic had turned out not to be the submarine. The government has pledged to continue the search with foreign assistance. The navy said on Nov. 27 that water that entered the submarine s snorkel caused its battery to short-circuit before it went missing. The navy had previously said international organizations detected a noise that could have been the submarine s implosion the same day contact was lost. ",1
13248,Jordan begins diplomatic offensive ahead of Trump move on Jerusalem,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan has begun consultations on convening an emergency meeting of the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation before an expected move this week by U.S. President Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a senior Jordanian source said.   A senior U.S. administration official said on Friday that Trump was likely to make the controversial declaration in a speech on Wednesday. Recognizing Jerusalem would upend decades of American policy and possibly inflame tensions in the Middle East. Jordan, the current president of the Arab summit, would invite members of the two bodies to convene if the recognition is extended, to  discuss ways of dealing with the consequences of such a decision that raised alarm and concern , the senior Jordanian diplomatic source told Reuters.  It could ultimately hamper all efforts to get the peace process moving and would certainly be provocative to Arab and Muslim countries and Muslim communities across the West,  said the source, asking not to be named.  No issue can move Arabs and Muslims in the same potent way as Jerusalem does.       King Abdullah s Hashemite dynasty is the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem, making Amman sensitive to any changes of status of the disputed city. Officials are worried the move could trigger violence in the Palestinian territories and a spillover into Jordan, a country where many people are descendants of Palestinian refugees whose families left after the creation of Israel in 1948.  A tremendous wave of anger will spread across the Arab and Muslim world,  said another regional diplomatic source in touch with U.S. officials on the issue. Tensions in Jerusalem s Al Aqsa compound, the third holiest site in Islam, earlier this year provoked days of unrest.  Word of Trump s planned announcement, which would deviate from the line taken by previous U.S. presidents who insisted Jerusalem s status must be decided in negotiations, drew criticism from the Palestinian Authority. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on all of the city, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions.     Jordan lost East Jerusalem and the West Bank to Israel during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war and says the city s fate should only be decided only at the end of a final settlement.   King Abdullah warned of the repercussions of Trump s expected move in talks this week in Washington with top administration officials.  Trump suggested earlier this year he was open to new ways to achieve Middle East peace that did not necessarily entail the creation of a Palestinian state, a hallmark of U.S. policy for decades.  If it happens (recognition of Jerusalem) it will jeopardize all efforts towards stability and peace in the region and thwart a resolution of the conflict,  the regional diplomatic source said.  ",1
13249,Netanyahu orders redraft of law seen as protecting him,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday that a draft bill that sets limits on police investigators should be revised so it does not apply to criminal probes in which he is a suspect. The proposed legislation, which has sparked protests in Israel, would prohibit the police from publicizing whether they have found sufficient grounds to charge a suspect. Critics say the bill is an attempt to protect Netanyahu and keep the public in the dark regarding ongoing investigations in which he is a suspect, but its supporters said it is intended to protect suspects  legal rights and reputations.  Some 20,000 Israelis demonstrated against the bill in Tel Aviv on Saturday and, as public pressure mounted, support among coalition members for the bill began to wane on Sunday, a day before parliament was expected to ratify it.  For the debate on the bill to be topical and not be used for political propaganda, I have asked ... that (it) be worded so that it does not cover the ongoing investigations in my matters,  Netanyahu wrote on his Facebook page. With ratification of the legislation delayed, he said he had told the bill s proponent, David Amsalem, a lawmaker from his own right-wing Likud party, that it had become a  political battering ram against the government.  But in justifying the legislation, Netanyahu said:  The bill is intended to prevent publication of police recommendations which would leave a cloud over innocent people, something that happens every day.  Netanyahu is a suspect in two cases. In one, he is alleged to have meddled in the media industry and the other concerns gifts he received from wealthy businessmen. He denies any wrongdoing. But, if charged, he would come under heavy pressure to resign or he could call an election to test whether he still has a mandate to govern. Netanyahu has in the past said he had no interest in promoting personal legislation but he also did not order the bill s sponsors, Amsalem, and David Bitan, another Likud confidant, to withdraw it. Netanyahu has described himself as a victim of a political witch hunt and said he will be cleared.  There will be nothing because there is nothing,  he has said repeatedly.  (This story removes extraneous text from first paragraph) ",1
13250,"Half of Britons support a second vote on Brexit, poll finds","LONDON (Reuters) - Half of Britons support a second vote on whether to leave the European Union and a majority think the government may be paying too much money to the EU to open the way to trade talks, according to a new opinion poll.    The poll, published in the Mail on Sunday newspaper, found 50 percent of people supported another vote on the final terms of Britain s exit deal, 34 percent rejected another referendum and 16 percent said they did not know. The newspaper said it was the first major opinion poll since last week s media reports that Britain is preparing to pay about 50 billion euros ($59 billion) to help to move on to talks on a future trade pact with the EU. Mike Smithson, an election analyst who runs the www.politicalbetting.com website and a former Liberal Democrat politician, said on Twitter it was  the first time any pollster has recorded backing  for a second Brexit referendum. Since the referendum in 2016, high profile opponents of Britain s exit - from French President Emmanuel Macron, to former British prime minister Tony Blair and billionaire investor George Soros - have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be disastrous for the British economy. Blair said on Sunday he was trying to reverse Brexit because claims by the leave campaign, such as the National Health Service getting an extra 350 million pounds a week once Britain leaves the EU, have been proved false. Blair told the BBC that the government aims in the Brexit negotiations will fail because it wants to leave the single market, but retain all of the benefits, and voters can change their minds.  It s reversible. It s not done until it s done,  he said.  When the facts change, I think people are entitled to change their mind.  Brexit supporters argue any attempt to halt the exit process would be anti-democratic. According to the Survation poll only 11 percent of voters said Britain should pay 50 billion pounds to quit the EU, while 31 percent said the government should not pay anything at all.   The poll also found 35 percent of those surveyed said they would be worse off financially after Brexit, while 14 percent said they would be better off. The online poll, carried out by research firm Survation, interviewed 1,003 adults in Britain between 30 November and 1 December. Survation said it carries out polls for media organizations including the BBC, Sky News, the Daily Telegraph and the Guardian. The polling agency correctly predicted a narrowing in the vote between the ruling Conservative party and the opposition Labour Party in this summer s general election that resulted in May leading a minority government. ($1 = 0.8411 euros) ",1
13251,U.S. allies fret as 'guillotine' hangs over Tillerson,"BRUSSELS/BERLIN (Reuters) - On the eve of his trip to Europe, Rex Tillerson gave a speech last week that European allies had waited months to hear: an  ironclad  promise of U.S. support to its oldest allies. The relief in European capitals lasted barely a day as reports surfaced of a White House plan to oust the U.S. secretary of state, plunging America s friends back into confusion over President Donald Trump s foreign policy. The uncertainty is particularly acute given Washington s leading role in crises in North Korea and Syria.  Just as Tillerson comes to Brussels to give a public statement of support that the EU and NATO have wanted all along, it seems he has no mandate, that the guillotine is hanging over his head,  said an EU official involved in diplomacy with White House officials.  It leaves Europe just as doubtful as before about Trump.  U.S. officials said on Thursday the White House had a plan for CIA Director Mike Pompeo to replace Tillerson but Trump said on Friday he was not leaving and the secretary of state said on Saturday the reports were untrue. European leaders yearn for stability in U.S. foreign policy. They are troubled by Trump s  America first  rhetoric and inconsistent statements on NATO and the European Union. In addition, Trump s decision to pull out of the Paris climate change accord and his decision not to certify Iran s compliance with a nuclear deal undermine European priorities.  The chaos in the administration doesn t help in the current geopolitical climate,  said a senior French diplomat. Early last week, Tillerson, a former Exxon Mobil chief executive, delivered a long address in support of Europe in Washington more akin to traditional U.S. policy.  The United States remains committed to our enduring relationship with Europe. Our security commitments to European allies are ironclad,  he told a think tank.  He said he would convey that message to the European Union and NATO. He is set to visit Brussels on Tuesday and Wednesday, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in Vienna on Thursday and Paris on Friday. The question is whether European officials believe him, given tensions during his April visit to Europe, when Reuters reported Tillerson initially planned to skip a NATO meeting in Brussels and then only attended under pressure from allies.  If there were expectations that Tillerson might evolve into a counterweight to Trump, someone who could pass on messages from partners and exert moderating influence over American foreign policy   those expectations have been disappointed,  said Niels Annen, foreign policy spokesman for Germany s Social Democrats in parliament.  On his watch, the State Department has become a non-actor.  Despite Tillerson s pledge to reform the U.S. foreign service, European governments take a dim view of how he has sought to cut costs at the State Department, with top diplomatic posts unfilled almost a year into the administration.  The French have gone around Tillerson to develop contacts with U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, while the EU s top diplomat Federica Mogherini has gone directly to Vice President Mike Pence. Berlin has focused on Capitol Hill, as well as Kelly, McMaster and Mattis. Yet it is unclear if that access translates into a direct impact on Trump s foreign policy, diplomats said. There is hope that if Pompeo is appointed he could rejuvenate the State Department after Tillerson, who is seen as ineffective, diplomats said. Pompeo is an unknown quantity in Europe but is viewed as closer to Trump.  We may be looking at a larger dose of Trump at the State Department,  if Pompeo did get the job, said Thomas Kleine-Brockhoff, head of the German Marshall Fund s Berlin office. One European diplomat said Tillerson was in a difficult position from the outset because the Trump administration was hostile to Iran and brought in a team of generals who took a hard line,  so it never left Tillerson much room.  In addition, Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner has taken a leading role in formulating policy on Middle East peace. But Europeans see Trump as a blizzard of conflicting signals. At a NATO summit in Brussels in May, the president publicly admonished European leaders for their low defense spending and threatened to reduce support, only to announce a jump in U.S. military spending in Europe months later. Things may only become more unpredictable, diplomats say. European diplomats see Tillerson and Mattis as instrumental in talking Trump out of making any rash decisions over North Korea and its nuclear program, given administration comments about  utterly destroying  the country. ",1
13252,Former key ally of Nigeria's Buhari joins opposition party,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s Atiku Abubakar, a former vice president and key ally of President Muhammadu Buhari, said on Sunday he had joined the country s opposition party after quitting the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) last month.  Abubakar is the first political heavyweight to signal a potential bid for the presidency, which could pit him against the 74-year-old Buhari. Buhari took power in 2015, but illness has kept him absent for much of this year. Abubakar is prepared to run for president in 2019, a spokesman said last month when he left the APC. He  did not indicate on Sunday whether he would try to become the opposition People s Democratic Party s (PDP s) presidential candidate. Abubakar rejoined the PDP after four years because it has resolved its issues, he said, according to a statement on Sunday. He had left the PDP because he  believed it was no longer aligned to the principles of equity, democracy and social justice,  he said. In Sunday s statement, Abubakar criticized the APC for letting down the Nigerian people by failing to create a strong economy and jobs, especially for the young, with one quarter of 18-25 year olds unemployed. ",1
13253,Qatari emir to attend Gulf summit despite row: foreign minister,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani is expected to attend the annual summit of Gulf Arab heads of state in Kuwait on Dec. 5 and 6, Qatar s foreign minister said on Sunday, despite a deep dispute within the group.  The ministerial meeting will be attended tomorrow, and (for) the summit, god willing, the Emir,  Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani said in a speech. The rift between the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council members Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), on one side, and Qatar on the other had put this year s annual meeting in doubt.  There was no immediate comment from other Gulf nations on the Qatari announcement. The dispute, which erupted in June, revolves around allegations by Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt that Qatar supports terrorism, a charge Doha denies. The four countries have severed diplomatic, trade and travel links with Doha, in a move Qatar says is inflicting collective punishment on its people but its opponents call a legitimate response to its policies. Qatar says the four countries are trying to force Doha to fall in line with their own foreign policy. ",1
13254,Pentagon should move U.S. dependents out of South Korea due to North Korean threat: senator,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham on Sunday urged the Pentagon to start moving U.S. military dependents, such as spouses and children, out of South Korea, saying conflict with North Korea is getting close.  It s crazy to send spouses and children to South Korea given the provocation of North Korea,  Graham, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on CBS s  Face the Nation.    So I want them (the Pentagon) to stop sending dependents and I think it s now time to start moving American dependents out of South Korea,  Graham said. The United States has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. On Wednesday, North Korea tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that can fly over 13,000 km (8,080 miles), placing Washington within target range, South Korea said on Friday. Graham said this development showed conflict is approaching.  We re getting close to military conflict because North Korea is marching toward marrying up the technology of an ICBM  with a nuclear weapon on top that can not only get to America, but deliver the weapon. We re running out of time,  Graham told CBS. The Pentagon referred questions to the Pacific command, which was not immediately available for comment.     White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster told  Fox News Sunday that President Donald Trump is prepared to take action against North Korea but is working to convince China, Russia and other nations to use more economic pressure to help curb its nuclear ambitions.  The president s going to take care of it by, if we have to, doing more ourselves. But what we want to do is convince others, it is in their interest to do more,  McMaster said. The Trump administration has repeatedly said all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea s ballistic and nuclear weapons programs, including military ones, but that it still prefers a diplomatic option. ",1
13255,Pope says his defense of Rohingya got through in Myanmar,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Saturday defended his strategy of avoiding the term  Rohingya  in Myanmar, saying he believed he got his message across to both the civilian and military leadership without shutting down dialogue. Speaking to reporters aboard the plane returning to Rome from Bangladesh, the pontiff also indicated that he had been firm with Myanmar s military leaders in private meetings about the need for them to respect the rights of Rohingya refugees. He also disclosed that he cried when he met a group of Rohingya refugees on Friday in Bangladesh, where he defended their rights by name in an emotional meeting.  For me, the most important thing is that message gets through, to try to say things one step at a time and listen to the responses,  he said.  I knew that if in the official speeches I would have used that word, they would have closed the door in our faces. But (in public) I described situations, rights, said that no one should be excluded, (the right to) citizenship, in order to allow myself to go further in the private meetings,  he said. Francis did not use the word Rohingya in public while on the first leg of the trip in Myanmar. Predominantly Buddhist Myanmar does not recognize the mostly Muslim Rohingya as an ethnic group with its own identity but as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Local Roman Catholic Church authorities had advised him not to say it because it could spark a backlash against Christians and other minority groups. The pope met Myanmar s military leaders privately on Monday, shortly after his arrival in the nation s biggest city, Yangon. The meeting had been scheduled for Thursday morning but the military pointedly asked at the last minute that it be pushed forward. The result was they saw the pope before the civilian leaders instead of the other way around, as had been planned. NON-NEGOTIABLE TRUTHS  It was a good conversation and the truth was non-negotiable,  he said of his meeting with the military leaders. The latest exodus from Myanmar to Bangladesh of about 625,000 people followed a Myanmar military crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. Refugees have said scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, people were killed and women were raped. The military have denied accusations of ethnic cleansing by the United States and United Nations. Asked if he used the word Rohingya during the private meeting with the military chiefs, the pope said:  I used words in order to arrive at the message and when I saw that the message had arrived, I dared to say everything that I wanted say . He then gave a reporter a mischievous grin and ended his answer with the Latin phrase  Intelligenti Pauca,  which means  Few words are enough for those who understand,  strongly hinting that he had used the word the military detests while in their presence. Human rights groups have criticized the country s de facto civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize winner who was under house arrest for a total of 15 years before the 2015 elections, for not taking a stand against the generals. But Francis, who met with her privately on Tuesday, appeared to give her the benefit of the doubt because of her delicate relationship with the generals who were once her jailers.  Myanmar is a nation that is growing politically, in transition,  Francis said in response to a question about Suu Kyi and budding democracy in Myanmar.  So things have to be viewed through this lens. Myanmar has to be able to look forward to the building of the country . On Friday in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, Francis held an emotional encounter with Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar  and then used the word Rohingya for the first time on the trip, although he had defended them by name twice from the Vatican earlier this year. He told the crowd where the Rohingya were that God s presence was within them and they should be respected.  I was crying and tried to hide it,  Francis said on the plane, recounting how moved he felt when the refugees recounted their ordeals to him.      ",1
13256,"Fishing boat capsizes in South Korea, eight killed","SEOUL (Reuters) - A South Korean fishing boat capsized off the country s western coast on Sunday after it collided with a refueling vessel, killing eight people, South Korea s coast guard said. The boat was carrying two sailors and 20 passengers when the collision occurred in waters near Incheon west of Seoul, a coast guard official told a media briefing. Two people remain missing and a search and rescue operation involving five helicopters and 19 vessels is underway. President Moon Jae-in ordered all measures be taken to find those missing, his office told reporters. Those rescued from the water have been sent to nearby hospitals, the coast guard said. The reason for the collision has yet to be confirmed, according to the coast guard. ",1
13257,"Cholera could resurge in Yemen due to lack of aid, fuel: WHO","GENEVA (Reuters) - Another wave of cholera could strike Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition blockade has cut off fuel for hospitals, water pumps and vital aid supplies for starving children, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Sunday. Dr. Nevio Zagaria, WHO country representative in Yemen, told Reuters that 16 percent of Yemeni children under the age of five suffer from acute malnutrition, including 5.2 percent with a severe form that is life-threatening, and the problem is increasing. Yemen, where 8 million people face famine, is mired in a proxy war between the Iran-aligned Houthi armed movement and the U.S.-backed military coalition that the United Nations says has led to the world s worst humanitarian crisis. Some 960,000 suspected cases of cholera and 2,219 deaths have been reported since the epidemic began in April, WHO figures show. Children account for nearly a third of infections of the waterborne disease, spread by food or water contaminated with human feces, that causes acute diarrhoea and dehydration and can kill within hours if untreated. Although the number of new cases has dropped for 11 straight weeks, 35 districts in Yemen are still reporting cholera with  high attack rates  in communities, Zagaria said. A deteriorating economic situation and lack of safe drinking water, due to water sewage systems in many cities lacking fuel for the pumps, have compounded the humanitarian crisis, he said.  This is a perfect mix to have a new explosion of a cholera epidemic at the beginning of the rainy season in March of next year,  Zagaria said in a telephone interview from Sanaa, amid four days of clashes in the capital city. WHO is working with local authorities in both the internationally recognized government and Houthi-controlled  Sana a to identify areas at highest risk of a spike in the cholera epidemic and to boost defences, he said.  A campaign of oral cholera vaccination - initially planned last July during an acute phase and then abandoned by authorities - is now under reconsideration but as a preventive action next year, he said. Meanwhile, a ship carrying 35 tonnes of WHO surgical and medical supplies is being diverted to Aden after waiting weeks to offload at Hodeidah port, Zagaria said.  We are waiting and hoping that the situation of the blockade will be resolved. We have an opening to the humanitarian blockade but the opening to the commercial blockade is only partial,  he added. The United Nations appealed on Friday to the coalition to fully lift its blockade of Yemen, which was partially eased last week to let aid into Hodeidah and Salif, and U.N. flights into Sanaa.  The U.S.-backed military coalition closed air, land and sea access on Nov. 6 in a move it said was to stop the flow of Iranian arms to the Houthis, who control much of northern Yemen. Aid shipments cover only a fraction of Yemen s needs, since almost all food, fuel and medicine are commercially imported. Yemen s health system has virtually collapsed, with most health workers unpaid for seven months. WHO supports 130 hospitals across the country, providing fuel, water, oxygen, drugs, medical supplies and essential equipment, Zagaria said.  The (fuel) contractors that we are working with are finding difficulty in keeping the stock,  he said, noting that some hospitals require 60,000 liters of fuel per month.  WHO runs 15 stabilization centers for severely acute malnourished children with medical complications and is expanding with 10 more, Zagaria said.  We see that there is a constant flow of newly admitted patients to these centers.  The deterioration of the situation in terms of malnutrition in children is increasing... It is very difficult to quantify with precise numbers,  said Zagaria, who went to the intensive care unit of the pediatric ward in Sadaa last week.  I am a pediatrician, I worked many years in Africa. You don t need to take the weight and the height.   ",1
13258,Zuma says South Africa and Morocco will resume diplomatic ties: media,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa and Morocco will resume diplomatic ties more than a decade after Morocco withdrew its ambassador from Pretoria, South African President Jacob Zuma said in a newspaper interview published on Sunday. Morocco recalled its ambassador from South Africa in 2004 after former South African president Thabo Mbeki recognized a breakaway region in the Western Sahara which Morocco claims as part of its territory.  Morocco is an African nation and we need to have relations with them,  Zuma told City Press in the interview.  We never had problems with them anyway; they were the first to withdraw diplomatic relations.  Zuma met Morocco s King Mohammed last week on the sidelines of an African Union-European Union summit.  They felt that even if we differ on the Western Sahara issues, the two countries should have a relationship,  Zuma said about Moroccan officials  position at the meeting. South Africa s official government position - as re-affirmed by Zuma in one of his state of the nation addresses - is to support  self determination and decolonization for the Western Sahara . The decision to re-establish ties with Morocco is likely to go down badly with some members of South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC), of which Zuma is leader.  The ANC - as one of Africa s oldest liberation movements - has long backed those seeking independence in the Western Sahara and has accused Morocco of occupying the region. The ruling party said in a statement it had  unequivocal support for Western Sahara  but that this did not mean it harbored enmity toward Morocco.   There is also no ANC policy that says South Africa should isolate Morocco,  the statement said. A spokesman for South Africa s foreign ministry could not be reached for comment on Sunday. Morocco has controlled most of the Western Sahara, which is rich in phosphates and has seen some initial oil exploration efforts, since 1975. A ceasefire in 1991 called for a referendum on self-determination for Western Sahara, but the vote has never taken place. ",1
13259,"As Brexit deal takes shape, Juncker to meet MEPs","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission added to mounting confidence in Brussels that it is set for a Brexit deal with London when it scheduled talks with EU lawmakers ahead of a crunch meeting on Monday with Theresa May. However, EU officials and diplomats cautioned on Sunday that it was still unclear that a deal would be struck with the British prime minister when she meets the EU executive. Two hours before they sit down for lunch with May in Brussels, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier will brief Guy Verhofstadt and his European Parliament Brexit team, an official said. Verhofstadt and his colleagues wrote to the EU negotiators last week to sound an alarm at what they said were  stalled  talks on EU demands that the rights of EU citizens in Britain be guaranteed directly by the European Court of Justice after Britain leaves the European Union. They also voiced concern about Northern Ireland. Parliament must ratify any treaty on Britain s withdrawal from the European Union before Brexit in March 2019 in order to create the smooth transition period May wants, and so it will be vital to both sides to keep the legislators on board. Senior EU officials and diplomats said work was continuing on Sunday. One person close to the discussions said the situation was  delicate .  It s still quite fluid,  said a second person involved.  Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.    Verhofstadt, a former Belgian prime minister and strong critic of Brexit, declined to comment. The German leader of the center-right group in the EU parliament warned that lawmakers were not yet satisfied.  On Brexit negotiations, money is one of the problems, but it is not the biggest one,  Manfred Weber said in a statement.  We are much more concerned about the fact that so far negotiations are stalled on the protection of EU citizens  rights after Brexit and on the Irish case,  he said. The EU wants outline accords on three critical divorce terms before it will open negotiations on the transition and a future free trade pact that would follow. May s lunch on Monday is a deadline for the EU to have her final offers before EU leaders consider whether to agree at a Dec. 15 summit to launch Phase 2. Britain and the EU aim to sign a joint declaration setting out progress toward final deals which the Commission, as the EU executive, would say was  sufficient  for opening trade talks. EU officials say terms have been agreed for a financial settlement long resisted by hardline supporters of Brexit. The Irish prime minister said on Saturday that would essentially cover all the 60 billion euros the EU had demanded.  On the second key issue of a deal to avoid a  hard border  on land between Britain and the EU across the island of Ireland, diplomats say the joint document will set out rules for reaching a border deal aimed at avoiding disruption to peace in the north but leaving open many of the details. The third issue, of citizens  rights, has long seemed the least problematic, but the European Parliament s concerns were a reminder of how far the insistence on the ECJ having the final say in whether London was respecting the withdrawal treaty conflicts with British demands to be free of EU courts. It was not immediately clear what compromise, if any, has been found. EU governments had also been pressing London to give better terms to EU expatriates on bringing in future family members and on moving social welfare benefits across borders. One suggestion in Brussels has been to limit clearly any ECJ involvement as a last resort and clearly only available to those EU citizens who choose to go on living in Britain before Brexit, not to any who arrive later. There are 3 million of them today. Looking to show skeptical pro-Brexit allies that she has secured something in five months of negotiation that seem set to end with London broadly accepting the EU s original terms, May has insisted that Brussels make a simultaneous and reciprocal commitment to transition and trade talks if she accepts a deal. That seems set to be the case with the joint declaration.  Everyone knows we have to honor politically what the Brits have accepted on money,  a senior EU diplomat said.  So on Monday they will sign this document.  If all goes to the plan, 27 EU leaders would give the official green light on Dec. 15, a day after May has joined them for a routine summit on other EU business.. The deliberately vague concept of  sufficient progress  gives the political leaders the option to leave plenty of room for future negotiation. The key thing for many in Brussels is that it should mark the establishment of trust that both sides are willing to work for a separation that is not too disruptive. ",1
13260,Turkey's Erdogan says will not succumb to U.S. 'blackmail' over court case,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Erdogan said on Sunday that Turkey would not succumb to  blackmail  by the United States in the trial of a Turkish bank executive being charged with evading U.S. sanctions on Iran. Already strained ties between NATO allies Ankara and Washington have deteriorated as Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, detailed in court a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Erdogan said Turkey s dealings were in line with the decisions of the United Nations, adding that they were not against Ankara s alliance with Washington.  What have we done, for example? We bought natural gas from a country we have an agreement with so our citizens wouldn t be cold in the winter. Like other countries, only the UN s decisions bind us, and Turkey followed them to the dot,  he told members of his ruling AK Party in the eastern province of Mus. Over three days of testimony, Zarrab has implicated top Turkish politicians, including Erdogan. Zarrab said on Thursday that when Erdogan was prime minister he had authorized a transaction to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. Ankara has cast the testimony as an attempt to undermine Turkey and its economy, and has previously said it was a  clear plot  by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who it alleges engineered last year s coup attempt.  This case is nothing more than the 17-25 December plot being carried across the ocean. Excuse us, but we will not succumb to this blackmail,  Erdogan said, referring to 2013 leaks about alleged government corruption which were blamed on his opponents. Although he has not yet responded to the courtroom claims, Erdogan has dismissed the case as a politically motivated attempt to bring down the Turkish government, led by Gulen. Turkey has repeatedly requested Gulen s extradition, but U.S. officials have said the courts require sufficient evidence before they can extradite the elderly cleric, who has denied any involvement in the coup. Gulen has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999.  ",1
13261,Syrian Kurdish YPG says seized eastern region from Islamic State,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Kurdish YPG militia said on Sunday it had fully captured Deir al-Zor s eastern countryside from Islamic State with the help of both the U.S.-led coalition and Russia.  The YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State with Washington s backing. The SDF offensive in Deir al-Zor province, which borders Iraq, has focused on territory east of the Euphrates river.  On the western bank, the Syrian military has waged its own attack against Islamic State with support from Iran-backed militias and Russia.   The separate assaults advanced from opposite sides of the river, which bisects oil-rich Deir al-Zor, mostly staying out of each other s way. The U.S.-led coalition and the Russian military have held deconfliction meetings - to prevent clashes between planes and troops - though the two offensives have sometimes come into conflict. The SDF s most powerful component, the YPG, announced that it had defeated Islamic State militants on its side  in cooperation with the Arab tribes.   The U.S.-led coalition and Russian forces in Syria provided  air and logistical support, advice and coordination on the ground,  its statement said.  We hope for an increase in this support and for ensuring the necessary air cover.  A YPG spokesman declared the victory in a village in Deir al-Zor in the presence of a Russian envoy from Moscow s Hmeimim military base in Syria, it said.  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said this week that as the battle against Islamic State entered its final stages, he expected the focus to move toward holding territory instead of arming Syrian Kurdish fighters. Washington s support for the YPG has infuriated Turkey, which sees the growing influence of Kurdish forces on its border as a security threat. Ankara considers the YPG an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) movement, which has fought a decades-long insurgency on Turkish soil.  Since the start of Syria s conflict in 2011, the YPG and its allies have carved out autonomous regions in the north. They now control around a quarter of Syria, the largest part outside government control, after seizing vast land from Islamic State.  Their autonomy plans face opposition from their battlefield ally Washington, from Turkey and from the Syrian government. The YPG said on Sunday it was forming civil councils for Deir al-Zor that include Kurds, Arabs and other components based on  the principle of democracy and self-rule.  It would mirror governing arrangements in other towns and cities that the Kurdish fighters and their allies captured. With Islamic State close to collapse in Syria, Syrian Kurdish leaders hope for a phase of negotiations to shore up their autonomy in the north. But in recent months, the Damascus government and its Iranian allies have more forcefully asserted ambitions to take territory under the control of Kurdish-led forces. ",1
13262,Turkey's Erdogan says businessmen moving assets abroad are 'traitors',"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday businessmen who attempted to move assets abroad were  traitors , and called on his cabinet to block any such moves.  I am seeing signals, news that some businessmen are trying to move their assets abroad, and I call on firstly my cabinet from here to never allow this exit for any of them because these people are traitors,  Erdogan said. Speaking to members of his ruling AK Party in the eastern province of Mus, Erdogan did not say to whom he was referring, nor did he single out a single business, person or country of destination. His comments come after the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Friday that Turkish prosecutors were set to seize the assets of Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors in the trial of a Turkish bank executive charged with evading U.S. sanctions on Iran, and his acquaintances. The trial has caused already strained ties between NATO allies Ankara and Washington to deteriorate further as Zarrab detailed in court a scheme to evade the U.S. sanctions, saying that Erdogan personally authorized two Turkish banks to join the scheme when prime minister. Ankara has cast the testimony as an attempt to undermine Turkey and its economy, and has previously said it was a  clear plot  by the network of U.S.-based Fethullah Gulen, who it alleges engineered last year s coup attempt.  We cannot take kindly to those who earn in this country and then try to take those earnings abroad,  Erdogan said.         ",1
13263,"Ireland says unclear if EU, UK can agree wording on border by Monday","DUBLIN (Reuters) - It is not yet clear if Britain and the European Union can agree on written assurances to avoid a hard Northern Ireland border by a Monday deadline, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Sunday.  But he said he was hopeful a meeting between British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Council President Donald Tusk on Monday would lead to a deal in time for a Dec. 14-15 EU summit. That would allow Britain to move on to talks on its future trading relations with the bloc.  Avoiding a so-called hard border on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before talks begin on the future trade relationship and a two-year Brexit transition. Tusk said he had asked May to  put a final offer on the table  by Monday, but Coveney suggested agreement on the wording of written reassurances may come later.   The hope is that those [Monday] meetings will result in a momentum that can be carried into the leaders  summit the week after ... and can allow this Brexit negotiation process to open up to phase two of discussions,  Coveney told RTE radio. Asked if he expected an agreed text of written British assurances on the issue Monday morning, Coveney said:  Let s not run before we can walk here. Obviously, we would like that to be the case.      The Irish cabinet is to meet at 0900 GMT on Monday and give Prime Minister Leo Varadkar a mandate to make a decision on the border issue.   That may or may not be on the back of an agreed wording. That remains to be seen over the next number of hours,  Coveney said. Ireland is not asking the British government to  do the impossible  and provide a detailed plan border will work, but rather for  clear principles  for the second phase of talks to eliminate the possibility of a hard border.   What we have to make sure here is that we don t have an unintended consequence of the re-emergence of a [hard] border,  he said.  We can t allow that and we won t allow that.  ",1
13264,"Zimbabwe truck accident kills 21, injures others","HARARE (Reuters) - At least 21 people died in Zimbabwe s northwest province after a truck carrying 69 people overturned on Saturday evening, police said on Sunday. A police spokesman said several other people were injured in the accident which occurred when the driver of the truck lost control on a bend.  ",1
13265,"European parliament not moving from Strasbourg, France says","PARIS (Reuters) - France won t let the official base of the European Union s parliament be moved from Strasbourg to Brussels, the country s European affairs minister Nathalie Loiseau said on Sunday.  Strasbourg must remain the seat of European democracy. It s also the symbol of Franco-German reconciliation,  she said on France 3 television.  It is often said that Europe comes down to the Brussels bubble. Europe needs to be closer to its regions,  she added. Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) convene in Strasbourg for one week every month and in Brussels for the remainder. The monthly upheaval costs the bloc 114 million euros ($124 million) a year, EU auditors say. Critics have long called for the arrangement to be scrapped, but it has stayed in place largely because France would have vetoed any attempt to make the required amendment to the EU treaty. Some lawmakers had hoped the election victory of pro-EU President Emmanuel Macron could help plans to close the base in the French city. On Brexit negotiations, Loiseau said there were  positive noises  ahead of a summit in Brussels set to decide whether enough progress has been made on the first phase of negotiations to move on to talks about a post-Brexit trade relationship. But she said France remained vigilant on the issue of the land border with Ireland.  It s a red line which was drawn by the 27 member states and by the United Kingdom, accepted by them,  she said. Loiseau also said France was waiting for conclusions from the Eurostat statistics agency on whether the reimbursements it is due to make to companies after a dividend tax was canceled by courts should be all included in its 2017 accounts. That would scupper the French government s plans to bring its budget deficit below the EU-mandated 3 percent in 2017.  In all logic, there is no reason to attribute the whole 10 billion euros to 2017. That s what we explained, we are waiting for Eurostat answers,  she said. Loiseau, a career diplomat, also said she was disappointed by Germany s decision to vote in favor of clearing the use of weedkiller glyphosate for the next five years earlier this week. ",1
13266,Factbox: Countdown to Brexit breakthrough?,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May meets European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker for lunch in Brussels on Monday for what could be a breakthrough in Brexit talks. Here is a timeline of the following 10 days that will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and of free trade with its biggest market in the future: May wants the EU to open the second phase of Brexit negotiations concerning relations after Britain s withdrawal on March 30, 2019. The EU will only do that if there is  sufficient progress  in agreeing  divorce  terms, notably on three key issues: a financial settlement, guaranteed rights for EU citizens in Britain and a  soft border  with Ireland. A deal on money is effectively done, EU officials said last week. There were indications of agreement on citizens  rights and of an understanding of how at least to move forward on the Irish issue to avoid holding up the rest of the package. As part of the  choreography  for a political deal, the EU set May an  absolute deadline  of Monday, Dec. 4, to provide new offers in time for the other EU leaders to approve a move to Phase 2 at a summit of the EU-27 on Friday, Dec. 15.  May is pushing for a simultaneous, reciprocal guarantee from the EU of a soft transition and future trade deal, which she may use to show Britons what her compromises have secured. The EU wants to have firm British offers which the 27 can discuss before leaders commit. The result is some complex dance steps: Monday, Dec. 4 11 a.m. (1000 GMT) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier meet Guy Verhofstadt and his Brexit team from the European Parliament. The legislature, which must ratify any withdrawal treaty, insists EU judges must have the final say on enforcing citizens  rights. 1:15 p.m. (1215 GMT) - May joins Juncker and Barnier for lunch at the EU executive s Berlaymont headquarters. The plan is to sign a joint declaration on progress so far in the talks. Wednesday, Dec. 6 10 a.m. - Juncker chairs weekly European Commission meeting at which Barnier will update them on progress. The Commission could then say there is sufficient progress to move to Phase 2. 3 p.m. - EU-27 envoys meet to prepare formal decision on sufficient progress to be taken at EU-27 summit on Dec. 15 and to work on draft negotiating guidelines for future trade deal. Monday, Dec.  11 EU-27 sherpas meet to prepare the summit. Tuesday, Dec. 12 EU affairs ministers of EU-27 meet to prepare summit. Thursday, Dec. 14 4 p.m. - May attends routine EU summit in Brussels. Defence, social affairs, foreign affairs and migration are on the agenda. Friday, Dec. 15 After May has left, EU-27 leaders hold Brexit summit. They could take one comprehensive decision on Phase 2 or break it down into separate ones on the transition and future ties. January - Outline of EU transition offer may be ready, under which Britain retains all rights except voting in the bloc, and meets all its obligations until the end of 2020. February - After agreeing their negotiating terms, EU-27 may be ready to open talks with London on a free trade pact that Brussels likens to one it has with Canada. The EU estimated at some 60 billion euros ($71 billion) what Britain should pay to cover outstanding obligations on leaving. EU officials say there is now agreement after Britain offered to pay an agreed share of most of the items Brussels wanted, especially for committed spending that will go on after 2020. Both sides say there is no precise figure as much depends on future developments. British newspaper reports that it would cost up to 55 billion euros sparked only muted criticism from May s hardline pro-Brexit allies who once rejected big payments. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Saturday that London would be paying the EU 60 billion euros on Brexit. Barnier is still seeking a commitment that the rights of 3 million EU citizens who stay on in Britain after Brexit will be guaranteed by the European Court of Justice, not just by British judges. May has said the ECJ should play no more role in Britain. But the issue could be vital to ensure ratification of the withdrawal treaty by the European Parliament. A compromise might focus on making clear that the ECJ has a role only for the existing EU residents, whose numbers will shrink over time. Member states, some of which have taken a tougher line than the Brussels negotiators, are also insisting Britain make concessions on family reunion rules and social benefits. The EU wants more detail on a British pledge to avoid a  hard border  at the new land frontier on the island of Ireland that might disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. London says the detail depends on the future trade agreement. EU officials say a hard border can be avoided only if rules remain identical on either side. Northern Ireland could stay in a customs union with the EU. But Britain, and May s crucial Northern Irish parliamentary allies, insist there should be no new barriers between Northern Ireland and the British mainland. The EU says that means the whole of the United Kingdom would then have to follow EU rules, something Brexit campaigners do not want. Dublin says it may not be possible to reach a deal on sufficient progress by Monday but in the days after that. Ireland, with the blessing of the EU-27, says it will veto any move to Phase 2 if Britain s border offer is unsatisfactory. ",1
13267,Chinese police detain 11 over deadly Tianjin skyscraper fire,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese police have detained 11 people in connection with a deadly skyscraper fire in the northern port city of Tianjin, the municipal government said on Sunday, after an investigation found numerous fire code violations.  The blaze which killed 10 and injured five early on Friday morning was caused by renovation materials catching fire on the 38th floor of a serviced apartment building, the Tianjin government said in a post on its official Weibo account.  It said the companies responsible for the renovations had left a fire prevention water tank empty, rendering firefighting equipment useless and allowing the fire to spread quickly.  Fire safety has come under scrutiny and attracted increased media attention in China after a deadly blaze last month killed 19 in the far southern fringe of Beijing, which has led to citywide evictions seen by some people as unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass. Sparks from drilling work caused a blaze at a warehouse storing rubber products in a logistics park in China s eastern Shandong province on Friday, though no casualties were reported. On Sunday, another fire broke out at a small insulation factory in Xian, in northwestern Shaanxi province. No casualties were reported. All but one of the dead in the Tianjin fire were renovation workers who were sleeping on site, against regulations. All were men and all were migrant workers from other Chinese provinces. Tianjin party secretary Li Hongzhong said authorities would carry out citywide fire safety inspections in response to Friday s blaze, the official Tianjin Daily reported. ",1
13268,Nigeria puts fortress towns at heart of new Boko Haram strategy,"BAMA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria s government has a plan for the northeast, torn apart by eight years of conflict with Boko Haram: displaced people will be housed in fortified garrison towns, ringed by farms, with the rest of the countryside effectively left to fend for itself. The vision for the state of Borno, ground zero for the war with the Islamist insurgency, is a stark admission of the reality in the northeast. For two years, the military and government have said Boko Haram is all but defeated, and the remnants are being mopped up.  But the military is largely unable to control territory beyond the cities and towns it has wrested back from Boko Haram. That means many of the nearly 2 million displaced people across the northeast cannot return to their homes in rural areas. Kashim Shettima, the governor of Borno state, said it was not possible for people to live in small villages.  There s beauty in numbers, there s security in numbers. So our target is to congregate all the people in five major urban settlements and provide them with means of livelihood, education, health care and of course security,  he told Reuters.  It s a long term solution, certainly.   The plan for the eastern part of the state, centered on the town of Bama, is intended as a pilot scheme to be rolled out in other parts of Borno if it is successful. Vigilantes, currently members of a group known as the Civilian Joint Task Force, will become agricultural rangers, the governor said.  Aided by Nigerian security forces, they will aim to secure and patrol a five-km (three-mile) radius around each garrison town where people can farm. Peter Lundberg, the United Nations Deputy Humanitarian Coordinator for Nigeria, who heads the organization s response in the northeast, said the reconstruction of Bama town, the second biggest in the state, was  logical .   People are very eager to go back if the conditions are right and if the conditions are safe, if the conditions are dignified, and of course it has to be voluntary,  he told Reuters. Sentiment amongst the displaced is mixed. Abubakar Goni, who lived outside Bama before fleeing to the Borno state capital Maiduguri, said he wants to return home, but if the town is safer he will agree to go there.  I will support it as long as I will have a place to farm. I am also happy to hear the government will give us protection on the farm because I learnt Boko Haram men are still around.  Others, like Tijja Modu Alhaji, are wary of potential disputes between residents of the towns where people will be sent and the returnees.  I don t want to stay in Bama because I will still be a stranger there, just as I am in Maiduguri now,  he said.  I want to go home, not to somebody else s land.  The governor s plan is still in its early stages. It involves bringing back thousands of people who fled the town of Bama and the surrounding area and sought refuge in camps in Maiduguri and elsewhere.  They will eventually be housed in towns such as Bama, which was largely abandoned by its inhabitants when Boko Haram took it three years ago, but has since been recaptured by the military. Many of Bama s buildings are still shells, windows smashed, doors ripped out and roofs gone. Telephone and electricity wires remain torn down, more than two years after the military evicted Boko Haram. It is not clear how the returnees will be housed. There are already 15,000 people in a crowded camp for displaced local residents set up by the military after it retook the town. The United Nations had planned to move them gradually to new shelters accommodating 30,000 people that have been erected in the town, but the military said it could not oversee two camps there at the same time, UN and military officials told Reuters. The government has announced plans to build 3,000 homes in the Bama area. But there are concerns about how people sent to the town will manage, since many did not originally live there.  It s one thing to move people to Bama,  said Lundberg.  Unless the engine of the economy can restart, the risk is that people are moving back to places where they will become very dependent (on aid).  Aid workers said the demarcation between garrison towns and a lawless countryside means people have a choice: live in virtual quarantine, or return to their homes in the countryside, where Boko Haram roam, and be treated by security forces as potential insurgency sympathizers.   You re imprisoned, but you re safe,  said one senior relief worker, speaking on condition of anonymity.  If you prefer your own life you can do it on the outside.  Boko Haram s recent attacks, including a suicide bombing that killed at least 50 in a mosque in Adamawa state last week, are the  last kicks of a dying horse,  Nigeria s Information Minister Lai Mohammed said last Sunday. But military and diplomatic officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said overstretched troops are unable to push Boko Haram out of non-urban areas. Much of Borno is not under the authorities  control and attacks are rife.  On Saturday, suicide bombers killed at least 13 people in the town of Biu and injured 53 others.  Borno is not getting better at all. It may have even gotten worse,  a diplomat said of the security situation outside urban areas.  There is no recovery and stabilization.  ",1
13269,UAE denies Yemen's Houthis have fired missile toward UAE,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates on Sunday denied a report that Yemen s Houthi group had fired a missile toward a nuclear plant in the UAE, state news agency WAM reported on its Twitter account. It quoted the UAE s emergency and crisis management department as saying the UAE possessed a missile defense system that could deal with any such threats and adding the al-Barakah nuclear plant was secure against all eventualities. ",1
13270,Yemen's Houthi group says fires missile toward Abu Dhabi nuclear reactor,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi group has fired a cruise missile toward a nuclear power plant in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, the group s television service reported on its website on Sunday, without providing any evidence. There were no reports of any missiles reaching the UAE.  The Iran-aligned Houthis control much of northern Yemen and had said Abu Dhabi, a member of the Saudi-led coalition fighting against them since 2015, was a target for their missiles.     The missile force announces the launching of a winged cruise missile ... toward the al-Barakah nuclear reactor in Abu Dhabi,  the website said. It gave no further details. The Barakah project, which is being built by Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) (015760.KS), is expected to be completed and become operational in 2018, the UAE energy minister has said. It is the second time this year the Houthis have said they have fired missiles toward the UAE. A few months ago they said they had  successfully  test fired a missile toward Abu Dhabi. ",1
13271,British PM's social mobility board quits over failing the poor,"LONDON (Reuters) - All four members of the British government s Social Mobility Commission have quit accusing Prime Minister Theresa May of being too fixated on Brexit to improve the prospects of those from poor backgrounds.    May has said she would create an economy which works for all Britons, but the commission s chairman Alan Milburn, a former minister in Tony Blair s Labour government, said she was failing to deliver on her promises.  I have reached the conclusion sadly that the current government bears little, if any, hope of progress being made toward the fairer Britain the prime minister has talked about,  Milburn told the BBC on Sunday.   The government for understandable reasons is focused on Brexit and seems to lack the bandwith to be able to translate the rhetoric of healing social division and promoting social justice into reality.  May talked about tackling the  burning injustices  in society on her first day as prime minister last year. She talked about tackling racism, gender inequality, the underperformance of government schools and the difficulties young people face buying a home. A government spokesman said it was making good progress on social mobility.  We accept there is more to do and that is why we are focusing our efforts in disadvantaged areas where we can make the biggest difference,  the spokesman said. May, who presides over a warring cabinet and has faced an open rebellion by some of her own lawmakers, is being buffeted by crises. Two ministers have quit May s cabinet in the last month, placing a strain on the government ahead of the Dec. 14-15 summit on Britain s exit from the European Union, when Britain wants EU leaders to give a green light to talks about future trade relations. An opinion poll published for the Mail On Sunday newspaper put Labour on 45 percent with the ruling Conservatives on 37 percent, the biggest lead for opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn s party in a survey by pollster Survation since late 2013.  An 8 point lead would put the Labour party into overall majority territory if such vote share totals were reflected at the ballot box,  Survation said.  Corbyn has promised sweeping renationalisation, tax rises for the rich and increased welfare spending, including an end to healthcare cuts and scrapping university tuition fees.  ",1
13272,Commander of Taliban 'special forces' killed in Afghanistan: officials,"KABUL (Reuters) - The commander of the Taliban s  special forces  branch, known as the  Red Unit,  was killed last week in Helmand province by Afghan forces, according to Afghanistan s main intelligence agency. The National Directorate of Security (NDS) said Mullah Shah Wali, also known as Mullah Naser, was killed in an air operation in Helmand. The province is a Taliban stronghold in the heartland of Afghanistan s lucrative drug trade. Wali became the commander of the Taliban s  Red Unit  as well as deputy shadow governor of Helmand province three years ago and was directly involved in Taliban offensives, the statement said.     The  Red Unit  is thought to be equipped with advanced weapons, including night vision scopes, 82mm rockets, heavy machine guns and U.S.-made assault rifles, according to the Afghan military. Wali was killed alongside a suicide bomber and two other Taliban commanders in Helmand s Musa Qala district, according to the NDS.     The United States has worked hard to build up Afghan air support and attack capabilities since they were found inadequate after most foreign forces withdrew three years ago. ",1
13273,Mali's president contradicts French account of military strike,"PARIS (Reuters) - Malian soldiers killed by a French military strike in northern Mali in October were hostages of Islamist militants, not deserters turned jihadists as French authorities say, Mali s president said in a newspaper interview published on Sunday. Malian and French officials have given contradicting accounts of the Oct. 23 strike on a camp of the Ansar Dine militant group, which the French army said took 15 Islamists  out of action . France s defense minister has said her services had  factual information  showing the fighters were all jihadists, including ex-Malian soldiers enrolled by Islamists, contradicting comments from the Malian defense ministry. But in a interview with Jeune Afrique magazine, Malian President Ibrahim Boubakar Keita insisted that was not the case:  They were the terrorists  hostages and there should be no ambiguity about that between our French friends and us,  he said.  It s regrettable, it can unfortunately happen in this type of operations. We should admit it and not look for reasons that don t exist.  The Malian government is struggling to contain Tuareg and Islamist violence in northern Mali, some of which is spreading south. Attempts to place officials in northern towns have sometimes failed, raising questions about the government s ability to maintain stability ahead of elections. Islamist militants seized northern Mali in 2012 and French forces intervened a year later. Around 4,000 French troops remain in West Africa s Sahel region as part of Operation Barkhane. France has also been at the forefront of organizing a regional force as part of efforts to find a long-term strategy to exit the region. ",1
13274,CIA chief Pompeo says he warned Iran's Soleimani over Iraq aggression,"SIMI VALLEY, Calif. (Reuters) - U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Saturday he sent a letter to Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani and Iranian leaders expressing concern regarding Iran s increasingly threatening behavior in Iraq. Speaking during a panel at the annual Reagan National Defense Forum in Southern California, Pompeo said he sent the letter after the senior Iranian military commander had indicated that forces under his control might attack U.S. forces in Iraq. He did not specify the date.  What we were communicating to him in that letter was that we will hold he and Iran accountable for any attacks on American interests in Iraq by forces that are under their control,  Pompeo told the panel.   We wanted to make sure he and the leadership in Iran understood that in a way that was crystal clear.   Soleimani, who is the commander of foreign operations for Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards, refused to open the letter, according to Pompeo, who took over the CIA in January.  Iranian media earlier quoted Mohammad Mohammadi Golpayegani, a senior aide to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, as saying an unnamed CIA contact had tried to give a letter to Soleimani when he was in the Syrian town of Albu Kamal in November during the fighting against Islamic State.  I will not take your letter nor read it and I have nothing to say to these people,  Golpayegani quoted Soleimani as saying, according to the semi-official news agency Fars.  Reuters reported in October that Soleimani had repeatedly warned Kurdish leaders in northern Iraq to withdraw from the oil city of Kirkuk or face an onslaught by Iraqi forces and allied Iranian-backed fighters, and had traveled to Iraq s Kurdistan region to meet Kurdish leaders.  The presence of Soleimani on the frontlines highlights Tehran s heavy sway over policy in Iraq, and comes as Shi ite Iran seeks to win a proxy war in the Middle East with its regional rival and U.S. ally, Sunni Saudi Arabia. A U.S.-led coalition has been fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and is often in proximity to Iran-allied militia fighting Isis there.   You need to only look to the past few weeks and the efforts of the Iranians to exert influence now in Northern Iraq in addition to other places in Iraq to see that Iranian efforts to be the hegemonic power throughout the Middle East continues to increase,  Pompeo said. The CIA chief said Saudi Arabia had grown more willing to share intelligence with other Middle Eastern nations regarding Iran and Islamist extremism. The Israeli government said last month that Israel had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia amid common concerns over Iran, a first disclosure by a senior official from either country of long-rumored secret dealings.  We ve seen them work with the Israelis to push back against terrorism throughout the Middle East, to the extent we can continue to develop those relationships and work alongside them - the Gulf states and broader Middle East will likely be more secure,  said Pompeo.  ",1
13275,Embattled Australian PM says he will lead government to next election,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia s embattled conservative Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has shaken off speculation about the security of his leadership, declaring on Sunday he will lead his coalition government into the next election in 2019. Turnbull, who has faced a horror run in recent weeks, losing his one-seat majority and being called to stepdown before Christmas, said that he  runs the government  and that his party s policies would soon be converted into public support.  I have every confidence that I will lead the coalition to the next election in 2019 and we will win it,  Turnbull told Sky News television.  I am very confident we will be able to see a disciplined approach to teamwork within the coalition.     Three Australian prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010. Turnbull s confidence has been bolstered by the stunning by-election victory of his former deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, who easily cruised to victory on Saturday night with a huge 65 percent primary vote. Barnaby was kicked out of parliament just over one month ago because he held dual citizenship with New Zealand, a status he has since rescinded. Under Australia s constitution dual citizens are banned from the national parliament. Barnaby s win restores Turnbull s slim one-seat majority in parliament and Turnbull, who is struggling with record low opinion polls, has claimed the victory as a vote of confidence in his performance. Turnbull has been under sustained attack for much of the year over issues including same sex marriage and the scandal-plagued banking sector, and has failed to end widespread disquiet within his coalition about his future as leader. On Friday, the conservative deputy premier of New South Wales state John Barilaro called for Turnbull to step down as a  Christmas gift  to the nation. The comment came just days after Turnbull was forced into an embarrassing policy reversal and called a Royal Commission into the country s banking and financial sector amid mounting political pressure. Turnbull has failed to stem a flow of disgruntled voters away from his conservative coalition to far-right parties and the fragility of his government has been exacerbated by a dual citizenship crisis which is forcing a number of lawmakers, like Barnaby, to recontest seats. One of those by-elections for the blue-ribbon conservative electorate of Bennelong in Sydney on Dec. 16 could see Turnbull again lose his majority in parliament if the opposition Labor achieves a surprise win. ",1
13276,Honduran army enforces curfew after vote count stalls,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran security forces fanned out on Saturday to enforce a curfew as sporadic demonstrations continued over a contested presidential election that triggered violent protests that have killed at least three people.  Hundreds have been arrested after the tally from last Sunday s presidential race stalled without a clear winner. Opposition leaders accused the government of trying to steal the election TV star Salvador Nasralla on Saturday accused his rival, President Juan Orlando Hernandez, of carrying out a  coup  by manipulating the vote count and declaring the curfew to stifle protests. International concern has grown about the electoral crisis in the poor Central American country, which struggles with violent drug gangs and one of the world s highest murder rates.     Lines formed at supermarkets and early Saturday as people stocked up on supplies, but upscale malls and many shops were shuttered while others closed early as groups of workers waited to catch buses and get back to their homes before the 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew took effect.  I m afraid I m going to get arrested by the army and be stuck in jail overnight or hit a blockade in the streets,  said Daniel Solorzono, 27, as he heaved eggs, bananas and sausage into his pick-up truck at a market and rushed off to his home. Nasralla s early 5 percentage point lead on Monday was later reversed, after a pause of more than a day in the count, in favor of Hernandez, leading to accusations of vote fraud and calls for protests. Disputed votes could swing the outcome.  Under the official count, Hernandez had 42.9 percent of the vote while Nasralla has 41.4 percent, with 95 percent of votes tallied. Electoral authorities have proposed recounting around 6 percent of the vote, but Nasralla s party has demanded a wider recount, forcing a stand-off with the ruling party and election authorities. Heide Fulton, the top official at the U.S. embassy which does not currently have an ambassador, called for Hondurans to refrain from violence.  The Supreme Electoral Tribunal must have the time and space to count all votes transparently and free from interference,  she said on Saturday in a post on Twitter.   One man was killed in the port city of La Ceiba on Friday and a 19-year old woman was shot in the head early Saturday in Tegucigalpa as soldiers busted up protesters  blockades of rubble and burning tires that had snarled traffic in the capital and major ports, a spokesman for the national police said.  On Friday, police had reported another protestor was killed in La Ceiba.  There were also reports from opposition leaders and a police source that between four and five demonstrators had been shot dead in the north of the country. While security forces cleared blockades in the capital, there were still highways obstructed around La Ceiba and other areas outside major cities, a police spokesman said. More than 200 people have been arrested and more than 20 injuries have been reported in the skirmishes between protesters and security forces.  Thirty-four people who were detained during the week would be charged with terrorism, said Col. Jorge Paz, a spokesman for the military. The government declared the curfew on Friday, expanding powers for the army and police to detain people and break up blockades of roads, bridges and public buildings. The electoral tribunal was unable to resume the vote tally on Saturday as Nasralla s center-left alliance refused to participate unless the recount was expanded to three regions with alleged vote tampering.  The tribunal said it would try to carry out the recount of disputed votes on Sunday and that it hoped the opposition would participate. Its top official said they would evaluate if the recount could be widened.     What everyone already knows is that a coup occurred in Honduras last night precisely in the processing of the ballots. So, the whole world will not recognize these elections,  Nasralla told local television. The 64-year-old Nasralla is one of Honduras  best-known faces and he is backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, a leftist ousted in a coup in 2009.  Hernandez, 49, implemented a military led crackdown on gang violence that was backed by the United States and is credited with curbing the country s murder rate. ",1
13277,"Crime, casualties undermine U.S. gains on Afghan battlefield","KUNDUZ, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Since U.S. forces began stepping up air strikes against the Taliban, Kunduz shopkeeper Najibullah no longer fears another insurgent takeover of the northern Afghan city. But he does fear robbery or kidnap by militia gangs. With Afghan forces improving and on the offensive, U.S. commanders have more freedom to attack the Taliban and insurgents no longer threaten any major urban centers. Although Taliban-controlled areas begin within a 10-minute drive of the city, Kunduz - a strategic hub that fell twice in the past two years - is largely calm. But there is a long way to go to build confidence in daily security.  In the past people were afraid that the Taliban would come but no-one talks about that now,  said Najibullah, who like many Afghans, uses only one name.  Now we have internal problems,  he said, leaning over the counter of his shop in the city center and talking softly to avoid being overheard.  There are gunmen that do anything they want. There are people in this city, if they know you have money they ll come to your shop and rob you in broad daylight.  Outside the city, where the Taliban still hold sway, the risk of being caught between helicopter gunships and the insurgents or swept up in a clearing operation means life is also more difficult for villagers on the front line. Last month, locals say 16 people were killed by U.S. helicopters in a night raid near the villages of Qatl-e Am and Gharow Qushlaq in Chahardara district, an area largely controlled by the Taliban. A U.S. investigation concluded there was no evidence any civilians were killed.  Since the Americans announced their new strategy and signed the new agreement, the situation has been getting worse,  said Atiqullah, a villager who said he was about three kilometers away when the raid took place.  The shift in perceptions on the ground suggests ordinary Afghans are seeing the fresh strategy is hitting the insurgents. But their new fears underline how much more is needed to build trust in the Western-backed government.  I m a businessman but I can t go anywhere without a gun,  said Jamal Nasir Aymaq, who owns a number of bakeries in the city.  Our businessmen and rich people have already escaped Kunduz and children are not safe.  Kidnapping and robbery are rife and there is little confidence of justice from a government many see as deeply implicated in abuses by rogue militia  commanders  who operate with impunity.  We all know peace cannot be achieved by force alone, it needs development and the economy,  said Kunduz police chief Abdul Hameed Hameedi.  Security is much better than last year but we haven t got what people are expecting yet.  Kunduz Governor Asadullah Omarkhil dismissed talk of any official collusion in kidnapping as  baseless , but while many people fear the Taliban, many also feel they are more honest and efficient than city officials.  If there were a real government in the center of Kunduz, people wouldn t be going to the Taliban for legal decisions,  said Mawlawi Khosh Mohammad Nasratyar, a member of the Kunduz provincial council.  Now, even people from the center of Kunduz go to the Taliban to settle legal cases.  The wariness among many Afghans contrasts with optimism among Western officials, who say the new approach is starting to turn a stalemate with the Taliban around.  The air strikes have made all the difference,  said one Western diplomat in Kabul.  When you go to (the NATO-led Resolute Support mission) headquarters, there s a bit of a buzz about the place that wasn t there before and a feeling they re back on the front foot.  So far in 2017, U.S. forces have dropped three times the quantity of bombs as last year and special forces units have been in regular action with their Afghan counterparts.  Hundreds of Taliban fighters and many senior leaders have been killed, including Mullah Abdul Salam, mastermind of the assault that saw the Taliban flag raised over Kunduz in 2015, the first time the insurgents had taken a major town. Similar successes have been seen in other towns including Tarin Kot in the central province of Uruzgan, which the Taliban briefly overran last year, or Lashkar Gah in Helmand, which they have also come close to taking.  Two years ago, there was a fear of Taliban attack on the city every minute and we couldn t come into the office,  said Kunduz provincial council secretary Fawzia Jawad Yaftali.  But now everything is different, the shops are open and I m sitting in my office without any fear,  she said. The campaign has not been without cost however and hanging over it is the fact that the air strikes have inevitably brought more civilian casualties in their wake, even if their numbers are still well below those killed by roadside bombs. In a briefing this week, the commander of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan General John Nicholson said they go to  extraordinary lengths  to avoid civilian casualties and have  a rigorous process  to investigate allegations.  But people from Chahardara react with deep anger to official denials that the raid on Nov. 3-4 killed at least 16 civilians.  The helicopter started bombing at three in the morning. Afterwards, at about 6 o clock a lot of people gathered to help and then the helicopter came back. That was the big bomb,  said Mohebullah, a village elder.  Sixteen people were killed and six wounded,  he said, showing a handwritten list of names.  They have advanced equipment, they should be sure of who they are attacking. They should target criminals not innocent and helpless people.  The United Nations mission in Afghanistan said reports of at least 10 deaths were  credible . A U.S. investigation found no evidence of any civilian casualties but Capt. Thomas Gresback, a spokesman for U.S. forces in Afghanistan, said they would engage in dialogue with anyone who came forward with information.   Most of the propaganda about civilian casualties comes from the enemy,  said Governor Omarkhil, who said only one person was killed in the incident.  In Chahardara, the Taliban made people go to the battle zone and take out dead bodies.  The U.S. military says the Taliban deliberately shelters in houses and schools but the issue, over which former Afghan President Hamid Karzai repeatedly clashed with Washington, causes deep resentment, sapping support for the government.  The people who were killed were all civilians, they had nothing to do with the government or the Taliban,  said Mohebullah.  Everyone lost a family member, everyone is shocked and in grief. The governor is lying.  ",1
13278,"Tens of thousands of Israelis protest against Netanyahu, corruption","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - About 20,000 Israelis demonstrated in Tel Aviv on Saturday against government corruption and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who is under criminal investigation over allegations of abuse of office. The demonstration was by far the largest of weekly anti-corruption protests sparked by corruption allegations against Netanyahu, who denies any wrongdoing.  The four-term leader is suspected of involvement in two cases. The first involves receiving gifts from wealthy businessmen and the second involves negotiating a deal with a newspaper owner for better coverage in return for curbs on a rival daily. Saturday s protest was prompted by a draft law expected to be ratified by parliament next week, which would bar police from publishing its findings in two investigations of Netanyahu. A Reuters cameraman and Israeli media put the number of demonstrators at about 20,000. Police would not provide an official estimate.  Critics say the draft law is a blatant attempt to protect Netanyahu and keep the public in the dark about his investigation. Supporters of the legislation say it is meant to protect suspects  rights. Netanyahu has said he has no interest in promoting personal legislation but he has not ordered its two sponsors, close confidants in his Likud party, to withdraw the bill. Netanyahu has described himself as a victim of a political witch hunt and said of the cases against him:  There will be nothing because there is nothing.   If charged, he would come under heavy pressure to resign or could call an election to test whether he still had a mandate.  ",1
13279,"Venezuela political talks end without deal, new meeting planned Dec. 15","CARACAS (Reuters) - Members of Venezuela s government and opposition coalition failed to reach a deal in a new round of talks in the Dominican Republic on Saturday aimed at resolving the OPEC nation s protracted political crisis, but planned to meet in two weeks to try again. Various mediation efforts have failed in recent years. Foes accuse President Nicolas Maduro of exploiting dialogue to buy time, while he says the opposition prefers violence. Few Venezuelans expect further talks to yield a breakthrough, with Maduro s foes demoralized at seeing him consolidate power ahead of a likely re-election campaign in 2018. The disparate Democratic Unity coalition, which failed to dislodge Maduro in months of street protests earlier this year and then succumbed to infighting, is pressing primarily for a guarantee of free and fair voting next year.  It also wants a foreign humanitarian aid corridor to alleviate one of the worst economic crises in modern history, as well as freedom for several hundred jailed activists and respect for the opposition-led congress.   This process is difficult, heavy, hard and full of debate and confrontation,  said Julio Borges, president of the opposition-led congress, adding he hoped the two sides could come closer on Dec. 15. The government and the opposition did not compromise on any key points, according to one participant in the talks who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak to media.  The opposition s bargaining power has been weakened by a surprising defeat in October gubernatorial elections. Furthermore, the multi-party group is divided, with more militant sectors opposing the talks they say simply buy the government more time.  However, debilitating U.S. sanctions against Maduro s government have given his administration more impetus for the talks. Maduro wants any potential deal with the opposition to include joint pressure on Washington to back off.  We said the true aid should come from putting an end to the attacks on Venezuela s economy,  said information minister and government negotiator Jorge Rodriguez, who struck a more positive tone than Borges and said his side was  deeply satisfied  with the two-day talks. There is no indication that U.S. President Donald Trump would be prepared to ease pressure on Maduro, whom he has called  a bad leader who dreams of becoming a dictator.   U.S. officials say Washington could strengthen sanctions unless Maduro enacts democratic changes. Foreign ministers from Chile, Mexico, Bolivia, Nicaragua and host Dominican Republic acted as guarantors at the talks held at the Foreign Ministry building in Santo Domingo. ",1
13280,Australian former deputy prime minister returns to parliament,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia s former Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce will return to parliament after he won an essential by-election for his seat, just over a month after he was kicked out over a dual citizenship crisis that cost the conservative coalition government its majority.  Joyce, who was widely expected to win, said he was  utterly humbled  by his sizeable victory in the rural New South Wales seat of New England, in which he looks likely to increase his primary vote by an additional 10 points.  ABC election analyst Antony Green reported that Joyce is on track to achieve a primary vote of about 64 percent, a significant increase on his 52.3 percent primary at the last federal election in 2016. The win gives the government and its embattled prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, some much-needed breathing space, as it restores its slim one-seat majority. The government is already claiming the victory as a vote of confidence of its performance, despite a series of polls showing its growing unpopularity.    This has been a stunning victory,  Turnbull told supporters as he joined Joyce at a pub in the town of Tamworth to celebrate the win. Exit polls were predicting  the largest swing to the government in the history of by-elections in Australia , Turnbull said, adding it was a sign of confidence in his government. Joyce added that he was  completely and utterly humbled , after winning from a record field of 17 candidates.  I say to the people of New England, that I never take anything for granted, and for every person who voted for us and voted for us for the first time,  he said, the ABC reported. Joyce was one of the  Citizenship Seven  whose eligibility to sit in parliament was thrown into doubt when it was found they were dual citizens, a status that is barred for federal politicians under Australia s constitution to prevent split allegiances. The High Court ruled on Oct. 27 that Joyce, along with four of the seven other lawmakers, was ineligible to remain in parliament, forcing a by-election. Joyce was found to be a dual citizen of New Zealand, a status he has since rescinded. A by-election occurs outside of the usual three-year election cycle, usually when a representative decides to leave parliament early or dies.  The deputy leader position, traditionally held by a member of the junior coalition partner, the National Party, has remained vacant since the High Court ruling. The result comes at a difficult time for Turnbull, who earlier this week was forced into an embarrassing reversal of his long-standing position against a Royal Commission into the country s scandal-hit banking and financial sector amid mounting political pressure. The last day of campaigning for the by-election was marred by a call from New South Wales Nationals state leader and deputy premier John Barilaro for Turnbull to step down as a  Christmas gift  to the nation. The comments were quickly rebuffed by Liberal Party lawmakers and Joyce, who said they were  very unhelpful  and  insulting.    It was the latest of a long line of internal turmoil to hit the coalition throughout the year, which has contributed to its poor performance in polls throughout the year. ",1
13281,Pope decries 'irrational' attitude towards nuclear weapons,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Saturday urged world leaders to turn back from the brink of possible human annihilation, suggesting that some of them had an  irrational  attitude towards nuclear weapons. The pope made his comments to reporters aboard the plane taking him back to Rome from a trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, which was dominated by the crisis of Rohingya refugees affecting both countries.  In a speech last month, the pope suggested that he was ready to officially harden the decades-old Church teaching that possessing nuclear weapons as a deterrence was morally acceptable as long as the ultimate goal was their elimination. In that speech on Nov. 10, Francis said even the mere possession of nuclear weapons should now be condemned because there appeared to be little or no intention by world leaders to reduce their numbers. Aboard the plane, he was asked what had prompted him to consider changing the official Church position and specifically, what he felt about the war of words between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  What has changed is the irrationality (of the attitude toward nuclear weapons),  Francis said.  Today we are at the limit,  he said. It can be debated but it is my opinion, my conviction, that we have reached the limit of the (moral) licitness of having and using nuclear weapons,  he said.  Why? Because today, with such a sophisticated nuclear arsenal, we risk the destruction of humanity or at least a great part of humanity,  he said. The pope has in the past suggested that a third nation should try to negotiate a deal between the United States and North Korea and had urged both sides to cool down the rhetoric and stop trading insults.  We are at the limit, and because we are at the limit, I ask myself this question ... Today, is it licit to keep nuclear arsenals as they are, or today, in order to save creation, to save humanity, is it not necessary to turn back? South Korea said on Friday that North Korea s latest missile test puts Washington within range, but Pyongyang still needs to prove it has mastered critical missile technology, such as re-entry, terminal stage guidance and warhead activation. The test prompted a warning from the United States that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out, a statement that drew sharp criticism from Russia.  ",1
13282,Trump recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital would fuel violence: Arab League,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Any move by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital would fuel extremism and violence, Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday. He spoke a day after a senior U.S. administration official said U.S. President Donald Trump was likely to make the announcement next week. The Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on all of the city, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions.     Word of Trump s planned announcement, which would deviate from previous U.S. presidents who have insisted the Jerusalem s status must be decided in negotiations, has already drawn criticism from the Palestinian Authority.  Today we say very clearly that taking such action is not justified ... It will not serve peace or stability, but will fuel extremism and resort to violence,  Aboul Gheit said in a statement published on the Arab league s website.  It only benefits one side; the Israeli government that is hostile to peace,  he added. ",1
13283,Germany's far-right AfD chooses nationalist as co-leader,"HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) - Members of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party elected a right-wing nationalist to be their co-leader on Saturday, signaling a possible toughening of tone before regional votes next year. A party congress chose Alexander Gauland - who once defended an AfD member who had said history should be rewritten to focus on German victims of World War Two - to return to the post he had held until 2015. As members deliberated, thousands of anti-AfD protesters marched outside carrying placards reading  Hanover against Nazis  and  Stand up to racism . Earlier, riot police fired water cannon at dozens of protesters who blocked a road leading to the congress, underlining the divisive impact the party has had since it entered the Bundestag lower house for the first time in a Sept. 24 election. The party s incumbent leader Jorg Meuthen - seen as a relative moderate in the movement - won enough votes to keep his post. But in a vote that dragged into the evening, he was joined as co-leader by Gauland, who ran for the post at the last minute after another candidate seen as a moderate, Georg Pazderski, failed to win enough votes. Before the leadership vote, Meuthen praised the party often beset by internal strife for showing unity after two senior members quit in September in protest against what they saw as an unstoppable populist streak.  There are people in this country who don t only say  We can do this  but who actually manage to do something,  Meuthen told delegates, putting a new twist on Chancellor Angela Merkel s  Wir schaffen das  (We can do it) message to those who doubted Germany can deal with a record influx of migrants in 2015. As thousands of protesters marched peacefully outside, AfD delegates watched a short film that painted a gloomy picture of Europe s largest economy being overrun by beggars, stone-throwers and Muslims. Founded in 2013 as a vehicle to oppose euro zone bailouts, the AfD was polling at around 3 percent nationally two years ago on the eve of the refugee crisis. The arrival of more than 1.6 million people seeking asylum in the two years to the end of 2016 has helped it morph into an anti-immigrant party that now has seats in 14 of Germany s 16 regional parliament. Polls suggest it will win seats in next year s regional elections in the southern state of Bavaria and the western region of Hesse, which would give it a foothold in all of Germany s state parliaments. Gauland replaces Frauke Petry, who quit to become an independent member of parliament. Her sudden departure two days after the AfD became the first far-right party to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s exposed rifts over whether the party should ditch rhetoric including statements saying Islam was not compatible with the German constitution. ",1
13284,France's Macron calls on Iraq to dismantle all militias,"PARIS/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday called on Iraq to dismantle all militias, including the government-sanctioned, Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a rare public call to do so by a major Western leader. Macron s call, which followed a meeting with Iraqi Kurdish leaders in Paris, underscores the tough balancing act Baghdad has to perform between its allies in the war on Islamic State, Iran and Western powers, which do not see eye to eye.  It is essential that there is a gradual demilitarisation, in particular of the Popular Mobilisation that established itself in the last few years in Iraq, and that all militias be gradually dismantled,  he told a Paris news conference held with Iraqi Kurdish leaders. Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) authorities accuse the majority Arab Shi ite PMF of widespread abuses against Kurds in Iraq s ethnically mixed regions. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s government denies that the PMF are engaged in a systematic pattern of abuses and has pledged to punish anyone proven guilty of violations. Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi s most difficult test as his forces edge closer to declaring victory over Islamic State. In Baghdad, Abadi s office released a statement later saying he had spoken to Macron by phone and that the French president had affirmed his country s commitment to a unified Iraq. It made no mention of Macron s call to dismantle the militias. Iraqi Vice President Nuri al-Maliki, a former prime minister who was pressured to leave office by both the U.S. and Iran for failing to stop Islamic State, was more forceful. Macron, he said, was carrying out  unacceptable interference  in Iraq s internal affairs.  These positions from France are absolutely rejected and harm Iraq s sovereignty and its institutions,  Maliki said in a statement. Macron s meeting with KRG Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani and his deputy Qubad Talabani was the first high-profile international meeting for the Kurdish leadership after a Sept. 25 independence referendum. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and British Prime Minister Theresa May have both made trips to Iraq after the referendum but only met officials in Baghdad and made no visits to the KRG capital Erbil. Western powers had encouraged the Kurds not to hold the referendum and instead engage in dialogue with Baghdad. Macron again called for dialogue between the central government in Baghdad and the semi-autonomous KRG within the framework of the Iraqi constitution, saying he was convinced a  constructive dialogue  could lead to lifting Baghdad s restrictions on the Kurdish region. Kurds voted to break away from Iraq in the referendum, defying the government in Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. The Iraqi government responded by seizing the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. Long-serving Kurdish president Masoud Barzani stepped down over the affair and the regional government led by his nephew Nechirvan has tried to negotiate an end to the confrontation. The Kurdish prime minister said on Saturday he saw France playing a role to end the dispute with Baghdad and that his government respected a verdict by the Iraqi Supreme Federal Court ruling the referendum unconstitutional and its results void.  With regards to the referendum, we are in a new era, and this issue is over and we have made our position in the Kurdistan Regional Government clear,  Erbil-based broadcaster Rudaw quoted Barzani as saying. Macron called for the long-delayed implementation of Article 140 of the Iraqi constitution to settle the status of territories disputed between Baghdad and the Kurds. Article 140 provided for a referendum to be held by the end of 2007 in the oil region of Kirkuk and other territories claimed by both the KRG and the Iraqi government to determine whether their populations wanted to be part of the Kurdish region or not. No such referendum took place, among the reasons cited by the KRG to unilaterally hold its referendum on independence.  ",1
13285,Romanian protesters halt building of Xmas fair at protest site,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian protesters clashed with riot police on Saturday when they stopped construction workers from building a Christmas fair at the site of anti-corruption demonstrations in Bucharest. Victory Square saw big street protests at the beginning of the year following attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to decriminalize some corruption offences and has been a gathering place for largely peaceful protests since.  Further demonstrations have been announced on social media  as parliament gears up to approve a judicial overhaul that has been criticized by thousands of magistrates, centrist President Klaus Iohannis, the European Commission and the U.S. State Department. Earlier this week Bucharest mayor Gabriela Firea, a senior Social Democrat member, said she would stage a Christmas fair for most of December in the square - a decision which Social Democrat Prime Minister Mihai Tudose said was not  the most inspired.  On Saturday, protesters began dismantling the scaffolding and fences  for the fair, waving flags and chanting  We won t give Victory Square up,  and  Firea, don t forget, this square is not yours.  Three protesters were taken to a police station, riot police spokesman Georgian Enache told state news agency Agerpres. He added one of them was accused of hitting another citizen.  We are asking Bucharest city hall to abandon immediately ... the move to fence in Victory square,  protest activists said in a statement on Facebook page Corruption Kills.  We urge citizens to protest firmly but non-violently. We must stop this treacherous and rudimentary attempt by mayor Gabriela Firea to discourage protests at a time when they will be crucial for the future of this country.   This means the beginning of anarchy,  Firea said in a statement later. She said she would find another place to locate the fair.  If the capital s city hall was prevented from organizing an event in a public space which belongs to everyone today, similar events could happen tomorrow at the presidential office, parliament and other public institutions.  ",1
13286,Brazil environmentalist Marina Silva to run for president in 2018,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Former Brazilian senator and environmental minister Marina Silva said on Saturday that she would seek her party s nomination to run for president next year.  Silva announced her plans at a meeting of her Sustainability Network Party, or REDE, which would officially nominate her at its national convention in April. The 59-year-old environmentalist, born into a rubber-tapping community in the Amazon rainforest, was minister under former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. She has run in the previous two presidential elections but never made it to a second-round vote.  Silva said she would seek her party s nomination because  Brazilians want a country free of corruption  and that she had the ethical bearings to deliver on that.  Supporters have praised her as Brazil s most principled politician, which could play a large role in the next election. Since early 2014, Brazilian prosecutors and police have carried out an unprecedented anti-corruption drive that has revealed political graft touching every major party, but not Silva s. Silva has remained committed to fiscal responsibility, inflation targeting and a floating exchange rate, the so-called tripod of economic policies that gave Brazil stability after a period of rampant inflation and erratic growth in the 1990s.   In the latest election survey conducted by the respected Datafolha polling institute and published Saturday on the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper s website, Silva ranked third, with 10 percent of respondents saying they would vote for her.  But that poll included Lula as a possible candidate.  Lula was convicted in a corruption trial in July. If a higher court upholds that conviction before the October election, he could not run.  Without Lula, the Datafolha poll had Silva trailing right-wing candidate Jair Bolsonaro, a federal lawmaker who won 21 percent approval, compared with her 16 percent. Datafolha interviewed 2,765 voters across Brazil on Nov. 29-30. The poll had a two-percentage-point margin of error.  In the 2010 election, Silva, then with the Green Party, took a surprising 20 percent of the first-round vote, but it was not enough to push her into a runoff with eventual winner Dilma Rousseff.  In 2014, she ran for vice president on the Brazilian Socialist Party ticket headed by Eduardo Campos, who died when his campaign plane crashed just two months before the election. Silva took his spot and won 21 percent in the first round, again missing out on a runoff.  ",1
13287,Peru's business community sours on Kuczynski: survey,"PARACAS, Peru (Reuters) - Support from business leaders for Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has plummeted, a survey showed, as he spars with an opposition-controlled Congress and struggles to revive economic growth. The survey by Ipsos Peru, taken at a business forum in Paracas to the south of Lima last week and released late on Friday, showed participants  approval for Kuczynski fell to 37 percent from 89 percent a year earlier at a similar event. Kuczynski took office in July 2016 promising to modernize Peru and strengthen its economy with solid backing from Lima s business elite after a tight runoff election against right-wing populist Keiko Fujimori. But the 79-year-old former investment banker s first year in power was hampered by Congress, which is dominated by Fujimori s Popular Force Party and voted to oust his Cabinet in September.  Meanwhile economic growth in what was once one of Latin America s fastest growing economies slowed after heavy flooding and a corruption scandal involving Brazilian builder Odebrecht stalled investment in public works projects.  The economy and politics cannot continue on separate lines, their progress is interdependent and deficiencies in politics and institutions can block the path of our development,  the president of the business forum, Drago Kisic, told reporters. Peru s Central Bank President Julio Velarde also warned during the event that the clashes between the government and Congress could hinder growth in the future, saying the finance ministry had lost influence over the legislature.  It is absolutely necessary in the long term that there be a better consensus among political forces in terms of agreeing on the essential elements to underpin growth,  he said.  Finance Minister Claudia Cooper said on Friday Peru s economy could grow more than 4 percent in 2018, up from 2.8 percent expected in 2017, if private investment in the metals exporting nation recovered. The Ipsos survey showed that among hundreds attending Peru s best known business forum, disapproval with Kuczynski had risen to 63 percent from 11 percent a year earlier. Closing the conference on Friday, Kuczynski defended his government and called on attendees and Congress to unite in a fight against populism.  I want to ask you to speak out more clearly about the challenges that we are facing politically, this is a determined government, not a confrontational one,  he said. ",1
13288,"Egyptian ex-PM Shafik arrives in Cairo, say airport sources","CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik, whose family say was deported from the United Arab Emirates (UAE), arrived in Cairo on Saturday, airport sources said.  In a surprise announcement from the UAE where he has been based, Shafik, a former air force commander, said on Wednesday he would run for president in an election set for around April 2018. ",1
13289,Middle East leaders paint 'dark picture' at Rome conference,"ROME (Reuters) - When Italy organized a conference focused on the Middle East, the Gulf and North Africa, it promised to look beyond the turmoil roiling the region and instead promote a  positive agenda . But many of the 45 heads of state, ministers and business leaders who attended the event over the past three days saw little future cheer. Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, captured the gloom, bemoaning  a lack of wisdom  in the region, with  no hope  on hand for ordinary people hoping for an end to years of conflict, upheaval and sectarianism.  Maybe I have presented a dark picture, but it is not as dark as I have explained, it is darker,  said Thani, whose country is suffering an economic blockade by its Arab neighbors, which accuse Qatar of supporting terrorism. Qatar denies the accusations and the crisis has pushed the tiny, gas-rich state closer to Shi ite Muslim Iran, the regional rival to Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia. The foreign ministers of both Iran and Saudi Arabia addressed the conference, taking turns to trade barbs.  Since 1979, the Iranians have literally got away with murder in our region, and this has to stop,  Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Friday, accusing Tehran of interfering in the affairs of numerous Arab states, including Syria, Yemen and Lebanon. A day earlier, on the same stage, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif accused Saudi Arabia of blocking ceasefire efforts in Syria,  suffocating  Qatar, destabilizing Lebanon and supporting Islamic State.  He also dismissed suggestions that Tehran was meddling in the affairs of its troubled neighbors or that it should stop supporting militia groups, like Hezbollah in Lebanon.  Casting around for reasons to be positive, most speakers pointed to the defeat of Islamic State, which used to rule over millions of people in Iraq and Syria, but now controls just small pockets of land after months of fierce military assaults. However, officials warned the group would not die easily.  It has been defeated as a military force on the ground, but it is likely to go back to cities to create destruction and terror,  said Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit, predicting the militant group could still be around in 10 years. Iraq s foreign minister bemoaned the destruction it had left in its wake, and called on the world to unite to help rebuild his country in the same way they had come together to fight IS.  The world owes this to us,  said Ibrahim al-Jaafari.  A lot of destruction demands a lot of reconstruction. Mosul is not at all what it was like before. It used to be beautiful. It had a university. Now it is just ruins.   Egypt s Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry warned that IS fighters fleeing Syria and Iraq had come to his country, where an attack on a mosque in Sinai last month had killed more than 300 people. They were also heading to lawless Libya, he said. Amidst all the talk of war and chaos, there was little mention of diplomatic efforts to restore peace to the region.  At a time when you have so many sources of tension, so many fuses, so many humanitarian catastrophes, you also have so little diplomacy,  said Robert Malley, vice president for policy at the non-governmental International Crisis Group. Underscoring this point, no one from the White House administration took part in the conference   a signal some diplomats put down to a general disengagement from the Middle East by President Donald Trump. Last year, the then secretary of state, John Kerry, participated.  ",1
13290,Yemen's Saleh says ready for 'new page' with Saudi-led coalition,"ADEN (Reuters) - Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh said on Saturday he was ready for a  new page  in relations with the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen if it stopped attacks on his country. The call came as his supporters battled Houthi fighters for a fourth day in the capital Sanaa while both sides traded blame for a widening rift between allies that could affect the course of the civil war. Together they have fought the Saudi-led coalition which intervened in Yemen in 2015 aiming to restore the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi after the Houthis forced him into exile. The clashes between Saleh s supporters and the Houthis underscore the complex situation in Yemen, one of the poorest countries in the Middle East, where a proxy war between the Iran-aligned Houthis and the Saudi-backed Hadi has caused one of the worst humanitarian catastrophes in recent times.  I call upon the brothers in neighboring states and the alliance to stop their aggression, lift the siege, open the airports and allow food aid and the saving of the wounded and we will turn a new page by virtue of our neighborliness,  Saleh said in a televised speech.  We will deal with them in a positive way and what happened to Yemen is enough,  he added. Saleh, who was forced to step down by a 2011 mass uprising against his 33 years in office, said Yemen s parliament, which is dominated by his GPC party, was the only legitimate power in the country and was ready for talks with the coalition. The Saudi-led coalition welcomed Saleh s change of stance. In a statement carried by the Saudi-owned Al-Hadath channel, the coalition said it was  confident of the will of the leaders and sons  of Saleh s General People s Congress (GPC) party to return to Arab fold.  The coalition accuses non-Arab Iran of trying to expand its influence into Arab countries, including Yemen, which shares a long border with Saudi Arabia, by aligning themselves with the Houthis and Saleh. The Houthis accused Saleh of betrayal, and vowed to keep up the fight against the Saudi-led coalition.  It is not strange or surprising that Saleh turns back on a partnership he never believed in,  the group s political bureau said in a statement.  The priority has been and still is to confront the forces of aggression.  Residents of Sanaa described heavy fighting on the streets of Hadda, a southern residential district of the Yemeni capital where many of Saleh s relatives live, early on Saturday, with sounds of explosions and gunfire heard while the streets were deserted.  The fighting eased in the afternoon as Saleh supporters gained the upper hand, but intermittent gunfire was being heard. There was no immediate word on casualties. Both sides have reported that at least 16 people were killed in the fighting, which began on Wednesday when armed Houthi fighters entered the main mosque complex, firing RPGs and grenades. Saleh s GPC party accused the Houthis of failing to honor a truce and said in a statement on its website that the Houthis bear responsibility for dragging the country into a civil war. It also called on supporters, including tribal fighters, to  defend themselves, their country, their revolution and their republic...  The GPC appealed to the army and security forces to remain neutral in the conflict. But the head of the Houthis  Ansarullah group warned that the biggest winner from what he described as Saleh s  sedition  was the Saudi-led coalition.  I appeal to the leader Saleh to show more wisdom and maturity... and not to heed incitement calls,  Abdel-Malek al-Houthi said in a speech on the group s Al-Masirah TV, adding that his group was ready to sit down for arbitration and abide by any ruling. Yemen s civil war has killed more than 10,000 people since 2015, displaced more than two million people, caused a cholera outbreak infecting nearly one million people and put the country on the brink of famine. ",1
13291,"UAE says Egyptian ex-premier Shafik left for Egypt, family still in UAE","DUBAI (Reuters) - Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik has left the United Arab Emirates (UAE) for Egypt but his family has remained behind, UAE news agency WAM reported on Saturday.  General Ahmed Shafik s family is still in the country in the gracious care of the state of the United Arab Emirates,  the agency said, quoting an official UAE source.  ",1
13292,Mattis eyes moving away from arming Syrian Kurdish fighters,"ABOARD A U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that as offensive operations against Islamic State in Syria entered their final stages, he expected the focus to move towards holding territory instead of arming Syrian Kurdish fighters. Speaking with reporters on a military plane en route to Cairo, Mattis did not say if there had already been a halt to weapons transfers. U.S. President Donald Trump informed Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan in a call last week that Washington was adjusting military support to partners on the ground in Syria. The Syrian Kurdish YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State with the help of a U.S.-led coalition. Turkey s presidency had previously reported that the United States would not supply weapons to Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria. Until now, the Pentagon has only gone as far as saying it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for the Syrian Kurdish forces, which Ankara views as a threat.  The YPG is armed and as the coalition stops offensive (operations) then obviously you don t need that, you need security, you need police forces, that is local forces, that is people who make certain that ISIS doesn t come back,  Mattis said.  When asked if that would specifically mean the U.S. would stop arming the YPG, Mattis said:  Yeah, we are going to go exactly along the lines of what the President announced.  Ankara has been infuriated by Washington s support for the YPG militia, seen by Turkey as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union. The United States expects to recover heavy weapons and larger vehicles from the YPG, but lighter weapons are unlikely to be completely recovered, U.S. officials have said. Earlier this week, the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State said more than 400 U.S. Marines and their artillery would be leaving Syria after helping to capture the city of Raqqa from Islamic State. Mattis said that was part of the United States changing the composition of its forces to support diplomats to bring an end to the war.   The troops are changing their stance...that includes with our allies who are now changing their stance as they come to the limits of where they are going,  Mattis said.  ",1
13293,"U.N. council to meet on North Korea rights abuses, nuclear program in December","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Security Council ministers will meet on Dec. 15 to discuss North Korea s nuclear and missiles programs and the body will also meet separately this month to discuss human rights abuses in the North Asian country, an annual meeting that its ally China has tried to prevent for the past three years.  Japan s U.N. Ambassador Koro Bessho, president of the 15-member council for December, said several ministers were confirmed to attend the Dec. 15 meeting. He also said the meeting on human rights in North Korea could be held on Dec. 11.  China has unsuccessfully tried to stop three previous human rights meetings by calling a procedural vote. A minimum of nine votes are needed to win such a vote and China, Russia, the United States, Britain and France cannot wield their vetoes. This year s meeting has the backing of nine members - the United States, France, Britain, Italy, Japan, Senegal, Sweden, Ukraine and Uruguay.  Last year, the United States angered North Korea by blacklisting its leader Kim Jong Un for human rights abuses. A landmark 2014 U.N. report on North Korean human rights concluded that North Korean security chiefs - and possibly Kim himself - should face justice for overseeing a state-controlled system of Nazi-style atrocities. Michael Kirby, chairman of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry that drew up the report, said at the time that the crimes the team had cataloged were reminiscent of those committed by the Nazis during World War Two.  Some of them are strikingly similar,  he told Reuters. North Korea has repeatedly rejected accusations of human rights abuses and blames sanctions for a dire humanitarian situation. Pyongyang has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missiles and nuclear programs.   Despite persistent sanctions and pressure by the U.S. and other hostile forces, my government concentrates all its efforts on improving people s livelihood and providing them with a better future,  the North Korean Permanent Mission to the United Nations said in a statement on Nov. 14. ",1
13294,Turkey's Erdogan says U.S. courts cannot put Turkey on trial,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Courts in the United States cannot put Turkey on trial, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday, in reference to the case of a Turkish bank executive who has been charged with evading U.S. sanctions on Iran. Already strained ties between NATO allies Ankara and Washington have deteriorated in recent weeks as Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, detailed in court a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Over three days of testimony, Zarrab has implicated top Turkish politicians, including Erdogan. Zarrab said on Thursday that Erdogan personally authorized two Turkish banks to join the scheme when he was prime minister. Ankara has cast the testimony as an attempt to undermine Turkey and its economy, and has previously said it was a  clear plot  by the network of U.S.-based Fethullah Gulen, who it alleges engineered last year s coup attempt. Reuters was not immediately able to reach representatives for the ministers implicated by Zarrab in the trial.  Turkey has repeatedly requested Gulen s extradition, but U.S. officials have said the courts require sufficient evidence before they can extradite the elderly cleric, who has denied any involvement in the coup. Erdogan, who has governed Turkey for almost 15 years, told members of his ruling AK Party in the northeastern province of Kars on Saturday that U.S. courts  can never try my country . Although he has not yet responded to the courtroom claims, he has dismissed the case as a politically motivated attempt to bring down the Turkish government and on Friday the state-run Anadolu news agency said Turkish prosecutors are set to seize the assets of Zarrab and his acquaintances. Turkey has stepped up its pressure on the U.S. and on Saturday Anadolu quoted Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu as saying that Gulen s followers had infiltrated the U.S. judiciary, Congress, and other state institutions. The United States says its judiciary is independent of any political or other interference. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs over alleged links to Gulen since the attempted coup, while close to 50,000 people from the military, public and private sector have been jailed. And in a further blow to Turkish-U.S. ties, Turkish authorities on Friday issued an arrest warrant for former U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer Graham Fuller over suspected links to the abortive putsch. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have voiced concerns that Erdogan is using the crackdown to muzzle dissent, but the government says the purges are necessary due to the gravity of the threat it faces.  ",1
13295,Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least 13 in Nigeria: officials,"BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers have killed at least 13 other people in an attack on a market in the northeast Nigerian town of Biu in Borno state, officials said on Saturday. The blasts struck while aid workers were distributing food to people affected by the eight-year conflict with Boko Haram, said Aliyu Idrisa, a community leader. In addition to the 13 victims, 53 people were injured and two bombers were killed, said Victor Isuku, police spokesman for Borno state. Saturday s attack bore the hallmarks of Boko Haram, which uses suicide bombers, often women and girls, to attack crowded public spaces.  Last week, a suicide bombing at a mosque in the northeastern town of Mubi killed at least 50 people, one of the deadliest attacks in recent years. The government has said its long-term plan for the northeast is to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns and effectively cede the countryside to Boko Haram. That plan and a string of deadly attacks have raised questions about assertions by the Nigerian government and military that Boko Haram s Islamist insurgency has been all but wiped out. ",1
13296,Police arrest woman in Tanzania over video of same-sex kiss,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Police in Tanzania have arrested a woman after a video clip showing her kissing and embracing another woman at a party was widely shared online, a senior official said. Homosexuality is a criminal offense in the East African nation, where a conviction for having  carnal knowledge of any person against the order of nature  can carry a life sentence. The woman, who police said resides in the northwestern Tanzanian town of Geita, was arrested after a video circulated on social media showing a woman kissing and hugging another woman and presenting her with a ring.  I can confirm that a Tanzanian woman is under police custody over that video clip. We will issue more details later after we conclude our investigation,  Geita police chief Mponjoli Mwabulambo told Reuters by telephone on Saturday. Tanzanian president John Magufuli s government has stepped up a crackdown against homosexuality since coming into power in 2015 and threatened in June to arrest and expel activists, as well as deregister all non-governmental organizations that campaign for gay rights. In October, authorities in the main city Dar es Salaam raided a meeting at a hotel, saying the gathering was promoting same-sex relationships, and arrested at least 12 men.  The arrest of the woman in Geita was thought to be the first arrest of a lesbian suspect in the recent crackdown and  police sources said authorities were also searching for the woman who was given the ring in the video clip. Reuters could not confirm where or when the video the filmed. The clip drew condemnation on social media platforms in the socially conservative nation, with some Tanzanians condemning the celebration as immoral.  Both of them should be arrested. Why did the woman accept an engagement ring from another woman?  Cosmas Alele, a resident of the northwestern town of Kagera said on Twitter, writing in Kiswahili. Since homosexuality is a criminal offense in Tanzania, rights groups are reluctant to speak publicly in defense of gay rights. The country s health ministry banned non governmental organizations last year from distributing free lubricants to gays as part HIV/AIDS control measures. Some health experts warn that shutting down HIV/AIDS outreach programs targeting gay people could put the wider population at higher risk of infections.  Around 1.4 million Tanzanians among a population of more than 50 million are living with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, according to government estimates.   ",1
13297,Australia's former deputy PM wins by-election in coalition boost,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s former deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce cleared the way for his return to parliament on Saturday, winning a by-election just over a month after he was kicked out over a dual citizenship crisis that cost the government its majority.  Joyce was not only returned in his New England seat in New South Wales but was forecast to have lifted his primary vote by at least 10 points, giving Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull a welcome boost after a tough few weeks.   This has been a stunning victory,  Turnbull told supporters as he joined Joyce at a pub in the town of Tamworth. Exit polls were predicting  the largest swing to the government in the history of by-elections in Australia , Turnbull said, adding it was a vindication of his coalition.  We re getting the band back together.  Joyce was one of the  Citizenship Seven  whose eligibility to sit in parliament was thrown into doubt when it was found they were dual citizens, a status that is barred for politicians under Australia s constitution to prevent split allegiances. The High Court ruled on Oct. 27 that Joyce, along with four of the seven other lawmakers, was ineligible to remain in parliament, forcing a by-election. Joyce was found to be a dual citizen of New Zealand, a status he has since rescinded.  The deputy leader position, traditionally held by a member of the junior coalition partner, the National Party, had remained vacant since the High Court ruling. The result comes at a difficult time for Turnbull, who earlier this week reversed his long-held opposition to a full-blown inquiry into the country s scandal-hit financial sector amid mounting political pressure. Turnbull has also seen a splinter within his center right Liberal-National coalition over same-sex marriage, with the conservative faction, led by some of the Nationals, angered by his promise to push through legislation after an historic public vote in favor of the unions.  The last day of campaigning for the by-election was marred by a call from New South Wales Nationals state leader and deputy premier John Barilaro for Turnbull to step down as a  Christmas gift  to the nation. The comments were quickly rebuffed by Liberal Party lawmakers and Joyce, who said they were  very unhelpful  and  insulting.    ",1
13298,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa drops education minister after public outcry,"(Reuters) - Zimbabwe s new president Emmerson Mnangagwa dropped his education minister, a day after reappointing him to a cabinet which gave top posts to senior military officials in what was widely seen as a reward for the army s role in the removal of his predecessor, Robert Mugabe. Mnangagwa made other changes to the cabinet that his chief secretary  Misheck Sibanda called  adjustments to ensure compliance with the Constitution and considerations of gender, demography and special needs .  Under the Zimbabwean constitution, ministers and their deputies have to be members of parliament, except five who can be chosen for their professional skills and competence. Mnangagwa had named as ministers seven people, including Major-General Sibusiso Moyo as foreign minister and Marshall Perrance Shiri to the sensitive land portfolio, who are not lawmakers.  He replaced primary and higher education minister Lazaraus Dokora with his deputy Paul Mavima. Dokora s reappointment had caused an outcry from Zimbabweans on social media and radio shows who slammed him for poor performance and undermining the country s education system. He also named ZANU-PF lawmaker Petronella Kagonye to the labor and social welfare portfolio, replacing university professor Clever Nyathi who was appointed special advisor in the president s office on national peace and reconciliation.  Chris Mutsvanga, leader of the powerful war veterans  association and who was named media, information and broadcast minister, has also been appointed special advisor to the president. Sworn in as president last Friday after 93-year-old Mugabe quit in the wake of a de facto military coup, Mnangagwa s cabinet drew criticisms from analysts and Zimbabweans who had expected a more broad-based lineup that marked a break from the Mugabe era.     ",1
13299,Pope ends sensitive trip to Asia after seeking Rohingya forgiveness,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis ended a diplomatically tricky trip to Asia on Saturday, seeking the forgiveness of Rohingya Muslim refugees in Bangladesh after his controversial decision to not directly refer to their plight when he visited their homeland, Myanmar. On the last day of his three-day visit to Bangladesh, which came after meetings in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, the pope went to a home in Dhaka founded by Mother Teresa for orphans, unwed mothers and destitute elderly. Later in a speech to an audience of around 7,000 young Catholics, Muslims and followers of other religions, the pope spoke about welcoming and accepting those who  act and think differently than ourselves .  When a people, a religion or a society turns into a  little world , they lose the best that they have and plunge into a self-righteous mentality of  I am good and you are bad ,  Francis said at the Notre Dame College, founded by Catholic priests. He also asked his young listeners to  not spend the whole day playing with your phone and ignoring the world around you!  Francis said he was very pleased by an inter-religious meeting on Friday night, where he had an emotional meeting with refugees from Myanmar and then used the word Rohingya for the first time on his current trip, saying they had God within them and should be respected. He also sought their forgiveness in the name of all who persecuted them. Previously, in Myanmar, he followed the advice of Myanmar Church officials who said his use of the word could prompt a backlash against Christians and hurt that country s fragile path to democracy. That had disappointed rights groups such as Amnesty International, which has said Myanmar s  security forces were carrying out a systematic, organized and ruthless campaign of violence against the Rohingya population.  Myanmar s military has denied the allegations. The country does not recognize the stateless Rohingya as an ethnic group with its own identity and considers them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Mother Teresa, who started the Missionaries of Charity to serve  the poorest of the poor,  opened the Dhaka home in the early 1970s to look after Bengali women who became pregnant as a result of rape by Pakistani soldiers during the war of independence. The pope made an impromptu address to nuns and priests at the home during which he praised Bangladesh, a Muslim-majority country where Catholics make up less than one percent of its around 169 million people, for having what he called some of the best inter-religious relations in the world. His words of appreciation have been welcomed by Bangladesh, which was already home to around 400,000 Rohingya Muslims before nearly 625,000 more came since August after the Myanmar army launched an offensive in response to attacks on security posts by Rohingya militants. Bangladesh last week signed an agreement to return the refugees over time,  while at the same time expanding refugee camps and constructing tens of thousands of shelters for them in Bangladesh until they are able to return , a statement issued on behalf of the government said.  Dear friends in Myanmar and Bangladesh, thank you for your welcome!  Francis said on Twitter as his flight took off.  Upon you I invoke divine blessings of harmony and peace.  ",1
13300,Cambodian PM pulls back on threat to shut rights group founded by rival,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has pulled back from a threat to close a human rights group founded by the detained opposition leader Kem Sokha, a pro-government website said on Saturday. The move follows a visit by Hun Sen to Cambodia s main ally China and comes as the veteran leader is under fire from Western donors for a crackdown on the opposition. The rights group, the Cambodian Center for Human Rights, was founded in 2002 by Kem Sokha, who was arrested in September and charged with treason for an alleged plot to take power with American help.  The government decided to keep (CCHR) so it continues to serve human rights activities in Cambodia, and as a result of the Ministry of Interior s finding, there are no illegal acts,  Hun Sen was quoted as saying by Freshnews. Kem Sokha has rejected the charges against him, which the opposition calls a ploy to ensure Hun Sen extends his more than three decades in power at next year s election. Kem Sokha s party, the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), was dissolved on Nov. 16 by the Supreme Court, acting at the government s request.  In response to the crackdown, the United States has stopped funding for the election and the European Union has raised a potential threat to Cambodia s duty free access if it does not respect human rights. The statement was released as Hun Sen held a two-day ceremony at the famed Angkor Wat temple to pray for peace and stability in Cambodia. He sat beside his wife Bun Rany and pressed his hands together while Buddhist monks chanted prayers. Mu Sochua, a deputy to Kem Sokha who fled the crackdown in Cambodia, said the nation s deep divisions could not be healed in one ceremony.  Peace for Cambodia can not be achieved through just a ceremony. Peace is about full respect of human rights, freedoms, liberties and rule of law,  Mu Sochua told Reuters. Chak Sopheap, executive director of the rights group CCHR, said she and other staffs were  incredibly relieved  by the news.  With this investigation out of the way, we can get back to focusing on our core mission, the work of promoting respect for human rights in Cambodia,  Chak Sopheap said in a Facebook post. ",1
13301,Yemen's Saleh ready to turn new page if Saudi-led attacks end,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Saturday called on the Saudi-led coalition to pave the way for an end to nearly three years of war by ceasing attacks and lifting a siege. Saleh, whose call came as his supporters fought allied Houthi forces in the capital Sana a, said on television that he was ready to turn a new page if the coalition agreed to his demands. ",1
13302,Saudi-led coalition says confident Saleh's GPC to return to Arab fold,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Saturday it was confident that leaders of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh s General People s Congress Party (GPC) would return to the Arab fold. The comments, carried by the Saudi-owned Al-Hadath news channel, came after Saleh said he was ready to turn a new page with the coalition if it stopped what he described as its aggression on Yemen and lifted restrictions on transportation.  The coalition accuses Saleh of having betrayed his Arab neighbors by joining the Houthi-led forces they say are aligned with non-Arab Iran. ",1
13303,More Bali flights canceled on forecast of volcanic ash,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Airlines canceled more flights departing the Indonesian holiday island of Bali on Saturday, citing forecasts of deteriorating flying conditions due to a risk of volcanic ash from the erupting Mount Agung volcano. A Bali airport spokesman said the airport was still operating normally, but airlines such as Jetstar and Virgin Australia had opted to cancel some flights   Bali flying conditions expected to be clear throughout the day, but forecast for tonight has deteriorated so several flights have been canceled,  Australian budget airline Jetstar said on its Twitter account. The erupting volcano had closed the airport for much of this week, stranding thousands of visitors from Australia, China and other countries, before the winds changed and flights resumed Twenty flights were canceled on Friday evening due to concerns over ash. Some airlines including Malaysia s AirAsia Bhd have said they would only operate out of Bali during the day, as the ash could impair visibility at night and wind conditions in the area were unpredictable. Airlines avoid flying through volcanic ash as it can damage aircraft engines, clogging fuel and cooling systems, hampering pilot visibility and even causing engine failure. There are also concerns over changing weather conditions with a tropical cyclone south of Java island impacting weather and wind in the area, including for Bali, the Indonesian Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysics agency said  With some airlines continuing to fly normally on Saturday, there was frustration among passengers.  Australian couple Justine and Greg Hill were on holiday with their two teenage children and had been due to fly out today but their flight later this evening was canceled.   It s more an inconvenience than anything. Don t understand why if other airlines are flying, some others aren t. Obviously there must be safety protocols but there s no detailed explanation,  said Greg Hill, 46, who was waiting at the airport.  Several foreign consulates have set up booths in the international departures area to assist stranded passengers.  Subrata Sarkar, India s vice consul in Bali, told Reuters at the airport s international departure area that they had helped around 500 passengers so far this week.   We have advised citizens the volcano may erupt. We never say  please don t come . But we have issued travel advisories. If it s urgent business, then ok, but if it s only tourism, then plans should be reconsidered,  said Sarkar. For an interactive graphic on Mount Agung volcano, click - tmsnrt.rs/2hYdHiq For a graphic on the Pacific ""Ring of Fire,"" click - tmsnrt.rs/2BjtH6l ",1
13304,"Cyclone batters southwestern India coast killing 14, many missing","MUMBAI (Reuters) - Cyclone Ockhi barrelled into the Lakshwadeep islands in southwestern India on Saturday after drenching the neighboring states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu, claiming so far around 14 lives with many fishermen still feared trapped at sea.  Authorities including the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), India s Coast Guard and Navy have rescued about 223 fishermen and evacuated thousands of people from cyclone hit areas, officials said, as they continued their operations on Saturday. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has spoken to the chief minister of Tamil Nadu, assuring him of support operations including necessary funds, according to local media. Ockhi is expected to travel north towards Mumbai and Gujarat in the next 48 hours, according to Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) Director S. Sudevan in Trivandrum, though it is likely to lose intensity.  The intensity of the wind may come down and the cyclone could change into depression,  Sudevan said adding fishermen have been warned not go to the sea for the next few days as waves are likely to be 3-5 meters (12-15 feet) high. ",1
13305,Israeli missiles hit military post near Damascus: Syrian state TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Israeli missiles struck a military position near Damascus and Syria s air defence system responded on Saturday, destroying two of them, Syrian state television said.  The Israeli enemy launched...several surface-to-surface missiles towards a military position,  it said, adding there had been  material losses at the site. An Israeli military spokeswoman had declined to comment on earlier reports of such an attack overnight. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said missiles, probably fired by the Israeli military, struck an arms depot of the Syrian army or its allied forces after midnight.  The Britain-based group, which monitors the war through a network of contacts in Syria, said the attack hit near al-Kiswa town south of the capital Damascus, causing loud explosions.  The Israeli air force has said it struck arms convoys of the Syrian military and Lebanon s Hezbollah nearly 100 times during more than six years of the Syrian war. Israel has grown deeply alarmed by Iran s expanding clout during the conflict, and has warned it would act against any threat from its regional foe Tehran.     Iran has provided critical support to President Bashar al-Assad s military in fighting Syrian rebels and Islamic State militants. Iran-backed Shi ite militias, including Hezbollah, have helped Damascus regain control of swathes of the country.  On a visit to Damascus in October, Iran s military chief warned Israel against breaching Syrian airspace or territory. ",1
13306,Israeli missiles hit military position near Damascus: Syrian state TV,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Israeli missiles struck a military position near Damascus overnight and Syria s air defense system thwarted them, Syrian state television said on Saturday. The  blatant assault  led to material losses at the site in the countryside around the capital, it said. An Israeli military spokeswoman had declined to comment on earlier reports of such an attack overnight. ",1
13307,Exclusive: Mideast nuclear plan backers bragged of support of top Trump aide Flynn,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Backers of a U.S.-Russian plan to build nuclear reactors across the Middle East bragged after the U.S. election they had backing from Donald Trump s national security adviser Michael Flynn for a project that required lifting sanctions on Russia, documents reviewed by Reuters show. The documents, which have not previously been made public, reveal new aspects of the plan, including the proposed involvement of a Russian company currently under U.S. sanctions to manufacture nuclear equipment. That company, major engineering and construction firm OMZ OAO, declined to comment. The documents do not show whether Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, took concrete steps to push the proposal with Trump and his aides. But they do show that Washington-based nuclear power consultancy ACU Strategic Partners believed that both Flynn, who had worked as an adviser to the firm as late as mid-2016, and Trump were firmly in its corner.  Donald Trump s election as president is a game changer because Trump s highest foreign policy priority is to stabilize U.S. relations with Russia which are now at a historical low-point,  ACU s managing director, Alex Copson, wrote in a Nov. 16, 2016 email to potential business partners, eight days after the election. White House officials did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. ACU declined comment and also declined to make Copson available for an interview. Previously they told a congressional committee that they had not had any dealings with Flynn since May 2016, before Trump became the Republican Party s presidential candidate.  Flynn s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not respond to a request for comment. Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the FBI about a discussion with the former Russian ambassador to Washington, Sergey Kislyak, in late December 2016 regarding sanctions.   The documents also show that ACU proposed ending Ukraine s opposition to lifting sanctions on Russia by giving a Ukrainian company a $45 billion contract to provide turbine generators for reactors to be built in Saudi Arabia and other Mideast nations.   The contract to state-owned Turboatom, and loans to Ukraine from Gulf Arab states, would  require Ukraine to support lifting US and EU sanctions on Russia,  Copson wrote in the Nov. 16 email. A Turboatom spokeswoman said she did not have an immediate comment on the matter.   The email was titled  TRUMP/PUTIN ME Marshall plan CONCEPT.  ME stands for Middle East. The title, evoking the post-World War Two plan to rebuild Western European economies, reflected the hopes of the plan s backers that Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin could cooperate on a project that would boost Middle East economies.   The email can be seen here: tmsnrt.rs/2ALdoCY The ACU documents reviewed by Reuters include emails, business presentations and financial estimates and date from late autumn 2016. As part of their investigation into the Trump election campaign s ties to Russia, Special Counsel Robert Mueller and Democrats on the House of Representatives  Oversight Committee are probing whether Flynn promoted the Middle East nuclear power project as national security adviser in Trump s White House. Flynn resigned after just 24 days as national security adviser after it became known he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence by telling him he had not discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Kislyak in late December.  In response to questions about the emails and documents, ACU referred Reuters to letters written in June and September by ACU scientist Thomas Cochran to the House Oversight Committee. In those letters, Cochran had laid out the project s strategy, describing a  ready-to-go  consortium that included  French, Russian, Israeli and Ukrainian interests, without naming specific companies.  Representative Elijah Cummings, the committee s top Democrat, said the panel s Republican chairman, Trey Gowdy, has for months rejected Democrats  requests to ask the White House for documents pertaining to the ACU proposal. Gowdy  has blocked all efforts to allow committee members to vote on issuing subpoenas,  Cummings told Reuters. Gowdy did not respond to requests for comment. The ACU s nuclear reactor plan aimed to provide Washington s Middle East allies with nuclear power in a way that didn t risk nuclear weapons proliferation and also helped counter Iranian influence, improve dismal U.S.-Russian relations, and revive the moribund U.S. nuclear industry, according to the documents seen by Reuters.    The Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post reported this week that Flynn pushed a version of the nuclear project within the White House by instructing his staff to rework a memo written by a former business associate into policy for Trump to sign.    Two U.S. officials familiar with the issue told Reuters the policy document Flynn prepared for Trump s approval proposed  working with Russia on a nuclear reactor project but did not specifically mention ACU. The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said they did not know if Trump had read the memo or acted upon it.   On Nov. 18, 2016, 10 days after Trump won the presidential election, ACU s Copson received an email from nuclear non-proliferation expert Reuben Sorensen saying that he had updated Flynn on the nuclear project s status. Sorensen s role in the project was not clear from the emails.    Flynn is getting closer to (being named) National Security Advisor. Expect an announcement soon. This is a big win for the ACU project,  Sorensen wrote.   Spoke with him via backchannels earlier this week. He has always believed in the vision of the ACU effort ... We need to let him get settled into the new position, but update him shortly thereafter,  Sorensen added. The email can be seen here: tmsnrt.rs/2zTqxcZ Reuters could not independently confirm a briefing took place. Sorensen did not reply to an email seeking comment.   On Nov. 30, 2016, Copson briefed U.S. Representative Ed Royce, Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, on the nuclear project, an email shows.   Copson was joined by Jim Hamel, a senior official from Curtiss-Wright Corp., which has a nuclear division based in Royce s California district and was eager for a role in the multi-billion dollar project.   In a follow-up email on Dec. 5 to a Royce aide, Hamel wrote,  We hope that the Chairman will follow-up on Alex s suggestion to reach out to General Flynn  to discuss the project.   Royce s spokesman, Cory Fritz, confirmed the briefing to Reuters.  No action was ever taken by the chairman or the committee,  he said in an email.   Hamel and Curtiss-Wright declined to comment.   Flynn was an adviser to ACU from April 2015 to June 2016, according to amended financial disclosure forms he filed in August 2017 to the Office of Government Ethics.     Democrats on the House Oversight Committee say that when Flynn applied last year to renew his government security clearance, he failed to disclose a June 2015 trip he made to Egypt and Israel to promote the reactor project. Flynn has not commented on the trips. ",1
13308,Canadian judge suspends Quebec niqab ban,"TORONTO (Reuters) - A Canadian judge on Friday suspended part of a Quebec law banning people from wearing full-face veils when giving or receiving public services, handing a provisional victory to civil liberties groups who argued that the law is unconstitutional and discriminates against Muslim women. Judge Babak Barin suspended the portion of the act banning face coverings until the government enacts guidelines for how the law will be applied and how exemptions might be granted.      The government of the mainly French-speaking province of Quebec now has a chance to clarify in detail how the law would be put into practice. The law, passed in October, affects everyone from teachers and students to hospital employees, police officers, bus drivers and transit users. While the law does not single out any religion by name, debate has focused on the niqab, a full-face veil worn by a small minority of Muslim women. The judge  recognized the immediate harm the law was causing to the people it affects outweighed any theoretical public purpose of the law,  lawyer Catherine McKenzie, who is representing the people challenging the law, told Reuters. Quebec s Liberal government is defending the law in court, saying it does not discriminate against Muslim women and is necessary for reasons of security, identification and communication. The act s name refers to  religious neutrality  and  accommodations on religious grounds.   I m not unsatisfied with the judgment because there s no mention that the law contravenes the charters (of rights),  Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard told reporters Friday, as quoted by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. The National Council for Canadian Muslims welcomed the ruling  as a successful first step,  its executive director Ihsaan Gardee said. Opponents of the law say it targets a visible minority that has been subject to threats and violence. Quebec had about 243,000 Muslims as of 2011, according to Statistics Canada, out of a population of 8 million. In January a gunman walked into a Quebec City mosque and shot six people to death. A French-Canadian university student has been charged as the sole suspect. France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have imposed restrictions on the wearing of full-face veils in public places. Denmark plans to institute its own ban. ",1
13309,"One dead, scores arrested in unrest over delayed Honduran vote count","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - At least one protester died, over 20 people were injured and more than 100 others were arrested for looting in Honduras after a delayed and disputed presidential vote count sparked unrest amid opposition accusations of electoral fraud. Honduras was due to publish the final result of last Sunday s presidential election at 9 p.m. local time (0300 GMT) on Friday, the electoral tribunal said, but opposition complaints about the count appeared set to impede that.  Election results initially favored opposition candidate and TV star Salvador Nasralla by five points with more than half the votes counted. They then swung in favor of U.S.-backed center-right President Juan Orlando Hernandez after the count came to a halt on Monday and resumed over a day later, sparking protests. The tribunal has said it will hand-count some 1,031 outstanding ballot boxes with irregularities - or nearly 6 percent of the total - after the count halted with Hernandez ahead by less than 50,000 votes, or about 1.5 percentage points. However, Nasralla s center-left alliance has called for votes to be recounted in three of Honduras  18 departments, or regions, and refused to recognize the tribunal s special count until its demands for a wider review were met.  If Juan Orlando wins, we re ready to accept that, but we know that wasn t the case, we know that Salvador won and that s why they re refusing the transparency demands,  said Marlon Ochoa, campaign manager of Nasralla s alliance. International concern has grown about the electoral crisis in the poor Central American country, which struggles with violent drug gangs and one of the world s highest murder rates. Police sources said at least one man had been shot and killed at a protest in the city of La Ceiba, while about 12 members of the military and police force had been injured in demonstrations that snarled traffic outside Honduras  main port on Friday and around the country. At least 10 protesters were injured in the capital of Tegucigalpa, according to the city s Hospital Escuela. Military officials called for peaceful protests after police reports of looting in the capital and other cities. In the country s second-biggest city of San Pedro Sula, thick plumes of black smoke clouded the air as protesters burned tires and police tried to disperse the crowds with tear gas. More than 100 people were also arrested on suspicion of looting in San Pedro Sula on Friday, a police spokesman said, and local media carried footage of shops being plundered. People flocked to supermarkets on Friday, stocking up on food and provisions as major roads and supply routes were blocked across the country by angry protesters. Lines appeared outside gas stations and cash machines. Banks clogged up with people wanting to withdraw or deposit money.  I m filling the tank with gas in case anything happens, the situation looks bad and there are protests all over the city,  said Carlos Valle, a 61-year-old pensioner, as he joined a long line of vehicles waiting at a fuel pump in Tegucigalpa. Both Hernandez and Nasralla, a television game show host allied with leftists, claimed victory after the election, and the challenger has said he will not accept the tribunal s result because of doubts over the counting process. Leading a center-left alliance, the 64-year-old Nasralla is one of Honduras  best-known faces and backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, a leftist ousted in a coup in 2009. Zelaya weighed into the debate on Thursday in a letter in which he accused the tribunal of  electoral crimes  on behalf of Hernandez, who himself was standing for re-election enabled by a contentious 2015 Supreme Court ruling. One of the four magistrates on the electoral tribunal on Thursday flagged  serious doubts  about the counting process.  The Organization of American States (OAS) on Wednesday convinced both candidates to vow to respect the final result once disputed votes had been checked. But a few hours later Nasralla rejected the OAS accord, saying his opponents were trying to rob him. He urged supporters to take to the streets in protest. ",1
13310,Venezuela arrests relative of powerful ex-oil boss Ramirez in graft probe,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela has arrested Diego Salazar, a relative of former oil czar Rafael Ramirez, as part of an investigation into a money laundering scandal in Andorra, the South American country s state prosecutor said on Friday night. President Nicolas Maduro is overseeing what his administration calls a  crusade  against corruption in the member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Some 65 oil executives have been detained in a deepening purge that could also see the leftist leader consolidate his grip over the energy sector and sideline rivals. The Salazar case appears to relate to what the United States in 2015 said were some $2 billion in laundered funds from Venezuelan state oil company Petr leos de Venezuela, S.A. [PDVSA.UL], known as PDVSA, at the private bank Banca Privada D Andorra (BPA).  Saab did not specify Salazar s role or details on the money laundering, except that it involved around 1.35 billion euros in 2011 and 2012, but he said the case was bound to grow.   I want to highlight that this citizen will likely not be the only one detained and the only one investigated,  Saab said in a phone call to state television announcing the arrest.  The arrest is bound to cast the spotlight on Ramirez, who was the powerful head of PDVSA and the oil ministry for a decade before Maduro demoted him as a envoy to the United Nations in 2014. A protracted rivalry between Maduro and Ramirez has increased in the recent weeks, sources close to the situation said this week, especially after Ramirez wrote online opinion articles criticizing PDVSA s production slump and the government s handling of Venezuela s crisis-hit economy. Maduro sacked Ramirez, who was thought to have presidential ambitions, from his job this week and summoned him back to Caracas from New York, the people with knowledge of the situation said. Ramirez and PDVSA did not respond to a request for comment on Friday. Salazar could not immediately be reached for comment. ",1
13311,"Pleas to flee, a desperate video: Inside Venezuela's oil industry purge","CARACAS (Reuters) - Days before masked agents arrested him, family and friends pleaded with Eulogio Del Pino to flee, warning that he could be next among executives detained or pursued, one after another, in a mounting purge of Venezuela s faltering oil industry. But the former oil minister, detained by police before dawn on Nov 30, was reluctant to believe he could soon be among those targeted in what President Nicolas Maduro has characterized as a cleanup of the all-important sector.  I told him:  Go! ,  said one of three people who described the leadup to the former minister s detention.  But he told me  I haven t done anything wrong. I trust that they re not going to do anything bad to me.  That trust, the product of three years in which Del Pino held the top two jobs in Venezuela s oil ministry, now appears alarmingly misplaced. Maduro is charging Del Pino and many other former industry executives with corruption and blaming them for economic woes now crippling the Andean nation.  I m not going to shield anyone,  Maduro said in a speech on Nov 28, as he swore in a general who replaced Del Pino as oil minister.  If you re corrupt, you have to pay with jail and return what you ve stolen.  The crackdown has led to uncertainty, panic and paranoia across the sector, with as many as 65 former executives arrested over the past four months. Prosecutors, critics say, have provided scant evidence for the charges.  Corruption has long plagued the OPEC member s oil industry and much of the broader Maduro government, a leftist administration struggling with an imploding economy, soaring crime and debilitated public services. But critics of Maduro s beleaguered administration, and many within the oil industry itself, see the purge as nothing more than an effort to eliminate rivals within the sector and consolidate control ahead of presidential elections next year.  Maduro wants control of PDVSA and control of its cash flow,  said opposition legislator and economist Angel Alvarado, using the initials for state-controlled oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA. Venezuela s Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment. PDVSA and the oil ministry did not respond to requests for comment either.  It is not clear whether any of the charges against Del Pino are substantiated. Prosecutors, without presenting any evidence, accused him of belonging to a  cartel  that operated a roughly $500 million corruption scheme in the western state of Zulia.  But the Stanford-educated engineer, who led the ministry until Nov. 26 and PDVSA for three years before that, was previously known as a government loyalist, committed to Maduro s vision for  21st century socialism.  Only after he was ousted from the ministry, the three people familiar with his arrest said, did Del Pino finally begin to believe that his time was probably up. His final days as a free man illustrate how swiftly fortunes can shift for even senior officials in Maduro s government. Just after his firing, Del Pino told Reuters in a WhatsApp message:  I need a rest.        On Nov. 29, three days after his ouster, an exhausted Del Pino went to Avila, a verdant mountain that towers over Caracas, the capital, where he liked to hike, one of the people said. Del Pino found a quiet spot under a tree and recorded a video on his cell phone. He said he believed he was about to become a  victim  of an  unjustified attack.   Before sunlight the following morning, hooded and armed military intelligence agents burst into his home and arrested him. Footage of the detention showed Del Pino wearing the burgundy-colored soccer shirt of Venezuela s national team. Later that day, the video Del Pino recorded appeared on his Twitter account.  I hope the revolution will give me the right to a legitimate defense,  he said, referring to the government in the militant terms embraced by Maduro.  Del Pino did not respond to requests for comment on WhatsApp, where he had recently changed his profile picture from one of him in a PDVSA hat to one of his children. After Del Pino s detention, stunned workers at PDVSA s Caracas headquarters, where he was generally well-liked, watched the state TV footage on screens in company elevators.  Fear has gripped employees at both institutions, according to a half-dozen current and former PDVSA insiders as well as foreign oil executives. Managers are scared to sign routine documents in case it could be used against them. Maduro promoted Del Pino, who was born in the Canary Islands and holds a Spanish passport, from PDVSA s exploration and production division to the company s top job in 2014.  At the time, foreign oil executives and analysts largely welcomed the arrival of the genial and low-profile technocrat. He replaced Rafael Ramirez, a once-powerful loyalist of the late Hugo Chavez, Maduro s predecessor.  Ramirez, who dominated Venezuela s oil industry for a decade, sought to make PDVSA  redder than red.  He urged  workers to wear red shirts in support of Chavez s socialist movement and to attend pro-government rallies.  Del Pino, by contrast, eased up on revolutionary garb and attendance at militant gatherings. He also sought closer relationships with foreign partners frustrated by currency controls and a lack of professionalism at PDVSA.  Still, many PDVSA insiders and oil executives were ultimately disappointed with Del Pino s management. Instead of improvements, he presided over a major production fall that brought Venezuela s oil output to near 30 year-lows.  Del Pino ultimately found his hands tied at a company where intervention by the government is common. Last January, Maduro replaced many of his top executives with political and military appointees. Whether Del Pino and other arrested executives are ultimately found guilty or not, many in Venezuela see opportunism behind the ongoing purge, not a concerted effort to stamp out graft. The industry, after all, has been under tight control of the ruling Socialist Party since shortly after Chavez came to power in 1998. Although the government ridiculed a report last year by the opposition-run Congress, finding that some $11 billion went missing at PDVSA over a decade, it now recognizes that many voters support the anti-corruption stances espoused by rivals.  The opposition has been pushing for a fight against corruption, and now Maduro wants to appropriate that,  said Alvarado, the opposition lawmaker. After surviving major protests this year and pushing through a controversial pro-government legislative superbody, Maduro is feeling empowered, government officials said. He seeks to fortify his position for re-election next year. He is also expected to continue finding ways to target perceived threats to his political power. Some in Venezuela see Del Pino s arrest as a way of getting at an old rival: Ramirez, the former PDVSA boss.  Ramirez, until recently Venezuela s envoy to the United Nations, is believed by many in the government to have presidential ambitions.  Although Ramirez has not been mentioned by prosecutors, senior government officials increasingly refer to his time at PDVSA as a period when  mafias  were formed and executives like Del Pino grew ascendant.  This week, after Ramirez criticized the president in recent opinion articles online, Maduro fired him and summoned him back to Caracas, according to people familiar with the clash. Late Friday, police arrested Diego Salazar, a relative of Ramirez, in what prosecutors said was another corruption investigation. Ramirez did not respond to a request for information on Friday.  ",1
13312,"Coalition with Merkel not automatic, all options open: Germany's SPD","BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said on Friday he ruled out no option for forming a new government but stressed that a re-run of the outgoing  grand coalition  with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives was not a done deal. Germany, Europe s political and economic powerhouse, has been struggling to build a new government since a Sept. 24 national election. Merkel s conservative bloc and the SPD lost support in that vote, while an anti-immigrant party surged into parliament, seriously complicating the coalition arithmetic. Merkel, her own political future on the line after 12 years at the helm, is making overtures to the center-left SPD - her partner in government over the past four years - after her bid to form a three-way coalition with two smaller parties failed. The SPD, which had wanted to go into opposition to rebuild after suffering its worst post-World War Two election result, fears its distinctive identity and policy ideas will again be smothered in any tie-up with Merkel s bigger center-right bloc.  Regarding the formation of a new government, there was broad support for not ruling any option out,  SPD leader Martin Schulz said after party board discussions in Berlin. Schulz, who held talks late on Thursday with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, Merkel and her Bavarian ally Horst Seehofer, denied he had agreed to another grand coalition.  I can clearly deny the media report about me having given the green light for grand coalition negotiations. This is simply wrong,  Schulz said, adding that the report appeared to be based on sources within Merkel s conservative CDU/CSU bloc. He added that whoever circulated such reports was damaging trust. Ties between the SPD and conservatives - still sharing power in a caretaker capacity - have already been strained this week after a conservative minister backed extending the use of a weedkiller at the European Union level against the SPD s wishes and without its prior knowledge.   We have a lot of options for building a government. We should talk about each of these options. That s exactly what I will propose to the party leadership on Monday,  Schulz said. The SPD will hold a party congress in Berlin on Dec. 7-9, where it is expected to debate its options. Other options apart from a grand coalition include a minority conservative government - which the SPD could support on a case-by-case basis, or fresh elections. Merkel has said in the past she does not want to lead a minority government. Merkel s camp said the ball was in the SPD s court.  It s now up to the SPD to provide clarity,  said CDU manager Klaus Schueler.  The fact that we underlined today that we are prepared to enter such talks with the SPD shows that we re aiming to bring these talks to a successful conclusion.  Another senior member of Merkel s Christian Democrat Union (CDU), Mike Mohring, said he was hopeful for an eventual grand coalition and expected a new government to be formed by March.  The way for a grand coalition has been paved,  Mohring told Reuters after taking part in a teleconference where Merkel had briefed the federal board of her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) on Thursday night s talks with Schulz and the president. Schulz, a former president of the European Parliament, has said he wants changes in Germany s approach to the European Union and in economic and social policy. In an interview with Der Spiegel magazine, Schulz said the SPD backed French President Emmanuel Macron s call for closer eurozone integration, including a new finance minister for the currency bloc - ideas that face resistance from conservatives.  Giving Emmanuel Macron a positive answer will be a key element in every negotiation with the SPD,  Schulz was quoted as saying in the interview made available on Friday, adding that he also backed a joint EU tax policy. ",1
13313,Kosovo PM removed from international arrest warrant: minister,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj was removed from an international arrest warrant issued by Serbia, lifting an obstacle to him travelling outside the country, the justice minister said on Friday. Early this year Ramush Haradinaj, a former Kosovar guerilla leader who in September took over as prime minister, was arrested in France on an arrest warrant issued by Serbia. He was released after a French court rejected Belgrade s extradition request. Despite many attempts by Pristina, Belgrade refused to remove his name from the Interpol red notice.  Today I was informed that Interpol has removed 18 people from Kosovo that are wanted by Serbia and this list includes also the prime minister,  Abelard Tahiri, Kosovo s Justice Minister told Reuters.  After today s decision all these individuals are free to travel outside the country without any problem.  Haradinaj and others are wanted by Serbia for allegedly committing war crimes. Serbia has charged Haradinaj with murdering Serbs in the late 1990s war. The 1998-99 conflict ended after NATO bombed the now-defunct Yugoslavia, then comprising Serbia and Montenegro, for 78 days to force a withdrawal of its troops from Kosovo and end a counter-insurgency campaign against ethnic Albanians. Haradinaj, who has twice been tried and acquitted by the United Nations war crimes tribunal in the Hague, denies any wrongdoing. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 but Serbia refused to recognize its former breakaway province. ",1
13314,"Venezuela government and foes resume talks, breakthrough unlikely","SANTO DOMINGO/CARACAS (Reuters) - Members of Venezuela s leftist government and opposition coalition began a new round of talks in the Dominican Republic on Friday aimed at resolving the OPEC nation s long-running and often bloody political standoff. Various mediation efforts have failed in recent years: foes accuse President Nicolas Maduro of exploiting dialogue to buy time, while he says the opposition prefers violence. Few Venezuelans expect a breakthrough this time, with opponents demoralized at seeing Maduro consolidate power and position himself for possible re-election in 2018. The Democratic Unity coalition - which failed to dislodge Maduro in months of street protests this year that led to about 125 deaths - is pressing primarily for a guarantee of free and fair voting next year.  It also wants a foreign humanitarian aid corridor to alleviate one of the worst economic crises in modern history, as well as freedom for several hundred jailed activists, and respect for the opposition-led congress.   We ve come to seek solutions to Venezuela s problems: food, medicines, free elections, and the need to restore democracy,  lead opposition negotiator Julio Borges said.  It s a difficult path.  The opposition s bargaining power has been weakened by a surprising defeat in October gubernatorial elections. Furthermore, the multi-party group is divided, with more militant sectors opposing the talks.   The dialogue they are planning to start is a parody ... an instrument for the regime to gain time and keep itself in power,  said Antonio Ledezma, an opposition leader who escaped house arrest this month to seek asylum abroad. Maduro has instructed negotiators to focus on opposition to U.S. sanctions against his government. He was strengthened by the October vote and anticipates another win in mayoral elections set for December, which the opposition is mainly boycotting.  President Donald Trump has slapped individual sanctions on a raft of officials for alleged rights abuses, corruption and drugs crimes, as well as economic measures intended to stop the Venezuelan government issuing new debt.  Maduro wants any potential deal with the opposition to include joint pressure on Washington to back off. He has blamed the U.S. measures for Venezuela s economic problems, which in fact began several years ago amid failed statist policies and a plunge in global oil prices.  We came to demand the immediate end of the economic aggressions against Venezuela,  said chief government negotiator and Information Minister Jorge Rodriguez. There is no indication, however, that Trump would be prepared to ease pressure on Maduro, whom he has called  a bad leader who dreams of becoming a dictator.   On the contrary, U.S. officials say Washington could strengthen sanctions unless Maduro enacts democratic changes. The government also wants recognition for Venezuela s Constituent Assembly, an entirely pro-Maduro superbody elected in July despite an opposition boycott and widespread international condemnation.  With an eye to its push to refinance more than $120 billion in foreign debt, Maduro would like the opposition-led congress to agree to approve any negotiations with bondholders, a potential loophole to get round the U.S. sanctions. Foreign ministers from Chile, Mexico, Bolivia, Nicaragua and host Dominican Republic were acting as guarantors at the talks over two days at the Foreign Ministry building in Santo Domingo.  Major near-term breakthroughs remain unlikely given the complexity of issues on the table and the distance between each side s preferences,  said Eurasia group consultancy. ",1
13315,Trump likely to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital next week: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is likely to announce next week that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a senior administration official said on Friday, a move that would upend decades of American policy and possibly inflame tensions in the Middle East. Trump could make the controversial declaration in a speech on Wednesday though he is also expected to again delay his campaign promise to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv. The senior official and two other government sources said final decisions had not yet been made. The Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on all of the city, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions. Word of Trump s planned announcement, which would deviate from previous U.S. presidents who have insisted the Jerusalem s status must be decided in negotiations, drew criticism from the Palestinian Authority and was sure to anger the broader Arab world. It could also unravel the U.S. administration s fledgling diplomatic effort, led by Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and enlist the support of U.S. Arab allies. Nabil Abu Rdainah, spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, said U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital would  destroy the peace process  and  destabilize the region.  Such a move, however, could help satisfy the pro-Israel, right-wing base that helped Trump win the presidency and also please the Israeli government, a close U.S. ally. The senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said details were still being finalized and could still change. Another U.S. official said Trump appeared to be heading toward recognizing Israel s claim to Jerusalem but that it was not a done deal.  We ve nothing to announce,  said a spokesperson with the White House National Security Council. Trump s impending decisions on Jerusalem, one of the most sensitive core issues of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, follow intense internal deliberations in which the president has personally weighed in, one White House aide said. Trump is likely to continue his predecessors  practice of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the U.S. embassy be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, two officials told Reuters on Thursday. But seeking to temper his supporters  concerns, another option under consideration is for Trump to order his aides to develop a longer-term plan for the embassy s relocation to make clear his intent to do so eventually, the officials said.  It was unclear, however, whether any public recognition by Trump of Israel s claim on Jerusalem would be formally enshrined in a presidential action or be more of a symbolic statement. Trump pledged on the presidential campaign trail last year that he would move the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. But in June, Trump waived the requirement, saying he wanted to  maximize the chances  for a new U.S.-led push for what he has called the  ultimate deal  of Israeli-Palestinian peace. Those efforts have made little, if any, progress so far and many experts are skeptical of the prospects for success. The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks in achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally. Arab governments and Western allies have long urged Trump not to proceed with the embassy relocation, which would reverse long-standing U.S. policy by granting de facto U.S. recognition of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital. Visiting Washington this week, Jordan s King Abdullah warned lawmakers that moving the U.S. embassy could be  exploited by terrorists to stoke anger, frustration and desperation,  according to the Jordanian state news agency Petra. Some of Trump s top aides have privately pushed for him to keep his campaign promise to satisfy a range of supporters, including evangelical Christians, while others have cautioned about the potential damage to U.S. relations with Muslim countries. ",1
13316,Bosnian Croat war criminal Praljak killed himself with cyanide: prosecutors,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Bosnian Croat war crimes convict Slobodan Praljak used cyanide to kill himself in court after losing his appeal, according to preliminary autopsy findings, Dutch prosecutors said on Friday. Praljak, 72, announced that he had taken poison immediately after his conviction and 20-year sentence were upheld by appeals judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia on Wednesday, and died shortly afterward. In a statement, prosecutors said a toxicological test had found that Praljak  had a concentration of potassium cyanide in his blood .  This resulted in a failure of the heart, which is indicated as the suspected cause of death,  they added. Earlier on Friday, the tribunal said it had launched its own independent review into the death. Praljak committed suicide in the final minutes of the last verdict at the court before it closes later this month.  I just drank poison,  the ex-general told the stunned court in a hearing that was being broadcast online.  I am not a war criminal. I oppose this conviction.  Prosecutors said they were focusing their investigation on how Praljak had managed to obtain a banned substance in the high-security U.N. building. ",1
13317,"Turkish hunger striker found guilty of militant links, freed","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish professor who has been on hunger strike since losing her job in a purge following last year s failed coup was convicted on Friday of belonging to a banned far-left group but the court ordered her release pending an appeal. Nuriye Gulmen, 35, was sentenced to six years and three months in jail for being a member of the militant leftist DHKP-C group, deemed a terrorist organization by Turkey, defense lawyers told Reuters. She was found not guilty of lesser charges including organizing illegal rallies.  The literature professor had been hospitalized before the trial began due to her worsening health after seven months of surviving on water, herbal tea and sugar and salt solutions. Primary school teacher Semih Ozakca, 28, who has also been on hunger strike since losing his job in the crackdown, was acquitted on similar charges. The Ankara court had ordered his release on Oct. 21 for the remainder of the trial, on condition that he wear an ankle monitor. Both deny any links to DHKP-C. A third defendant, Acun Karadag, was acquitted on a lesser charge of participating in illegal rallies.  The teachers have said their hunger strike aimed to highlight the plight of some 150,000 state employees   including academics, civil servants, judges and soldiers   suspended or sacked since the abortive coup in July 2016. The pair were detained in May and jailed pending the start of the trial in September. On Sept. 12, days before the teachers were due in court, Turkey issued detention warrants for the lawyers who were set to defend them. Turkish authorities blame the coup attempt on U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen and his supporters. Gulen condemned the coup and denies involvement. Human rights groups and the European Union have said President Tayyip Erdogan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent in Turkey, an assertion that he denies. ",1
13318,German police secure nail-filled package found near Christmas market,"POTSDAM, Germany (Reuters) - German police on Friday secured a device full of wires and nails found near an outdoor Christmas market in the city of Potsdam, but could not establish whether it had contained explosives. Germany is on high alert for militant attacks, nearly a year after a Tunisian Islamist rammed a hijacked truck into a Christmas market in central Berlin, killing 11 people as well as the driver. Police evacuated a large area of Potsdam s old town center on Friday, including parts of the market, and closed stores while they investigated the package, which had been delivered to a pharmacy. Karl-Heinz Schroeter, interior minister of the state of Brandenburg, which surrounds Berlin, said the area would remain shut while police searched with sniffer dogs for any other similar packages.  He told reporters that several hundred grams of nails had been found in a metal cylinder inside the package, but added:  We just don t know at this point if this was a device that could have actually exploded, or a fake, or a test.  A robot using water jets was used to ensure the device was safe, officials said. Potsdam police said X-rays had shown wires, nails and batteries inside the package, but that no detonator had been found. Christmas markets opened across Germany on Monday at the start of the holiday season, fortified with concrete barriers and security staff to protect shoppers. Germany has around 2,600 such markets, filled with sparkling Christmas trees and wooden stalls serving candied nuts, sausages, mulled wine and handicrafts. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said this week that Germany had increased information-sharing between federal and state officials and taken other steps to increase security after a series of missteps in the Berlin case. A ministry spokesman said this week that the risk of an attack in Germany and Europe remained high. ",1
13319,"War crimes convict Praljak took cyanide, Dutch prosecutors say","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A preliminary autopsy indicates that Bosnian Croat war crimes convict Slobodan Praljak died of cyanide poisoning, Dutch prosecutors said on Friday. Praljak said he had taken poison in the courtroom immediately after his conviction and 20-year sentence were upheld on Wednesday, and died shortly afterward. In a statement, prosecutors said a toxicological test found  Praljak had a concentration of potassium cyanide in his blood. This has resulted in a failure of the heart, which is indicated as the suspected cause of death . ",1
13320,"Egypt attack victims pray, mourn in Sinai mosque amid high security","AL RAWDAH, Egypt (Reuters) - People wounded in an attack on a mosque in Egypt s North Sinai region that killed more than 230 returned to the site to pray on Friday and a top Muslim leader urged the army to destroy the  cancer  of insurgency. One worshipper said a whole village had been  exterminated  in last Friday s attack on the Al Rawdah mosque, near the town of Bir al-Abed - the deadliest such incident in Egypt s modern history. Some of the more than 100 wounded made their way past tight security to the mosque. They prayed and recounted their ordeal at the hands of suspected Islamist militants when a bomb exploded and dozens of gunmen opened fire.  The attack targeted worshippers indiscriminately, said wounded school teacher Magdy Rezk.  It included everyone inside, those outside and those coming in from the street. Even those trying to escape from the mosque were not spared,  he said. Another man who gave only his first name, Ismail, said he lost his father, brother and several uncles and cousins.  I was sitting outside the mosque and just started running,  he said.  They (militants) were approaching from all sides ... it was unbelievable.   A whole village was exterminated,  said another villager. The army had beefed up security and set up checkpoints leading to the village and the mosque on Friday. At Al Rawdah, a soldier stood inside its minaret keeping watch. No group has claimed the attack, but the Islamic State s Sinai branch, which has for years battled Egyptian security forces and more recently attacked churches, is a prime suspect. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to step up efforts against Islamist insurgents in Sinai and ordered his military chief to use all force necessary to secure North Sinai in the next three months.  The Grand Imam of Cairo s Al-Azhar mosque, Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb, urged the armed forces to fight and destroy the Islamist insurgency in a televised speech delivered at the mosque.  The judgment of God (has) to be implemented upon them by fighting them,  he said, describing the militants as  cancerous .  Egypt, with its security (forces)... is capable of getting through this difficult stage and destroying this terrorism that is foreign to our land,  he said. Egypt s deadliest militant attack comes just months before a presidential election in which Sisi is expected to seek reelection. Sisi s support base see him as a vote for stability following prolonged, violent upheaval in the years after the 2011 Egyptian revolt against Hosni Mubarak. In addition to trying to fight the Islamist insurgency in North Sinai, his government has also enacted painful austerity reforms over the last year that critics say have dented his popularity. ",1
13321,Germany mulls new move to improve snooping on cars and apartments,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government is considering legal changes that would oblige operators of car and house alarm systems to help law enforcement in their efforts to spy on potential terrorists or criminals, a spokesman for the interior ministry said on Friday. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a conservative, plans to discuss the issue with security officials across the country next week in a bid to remove what he sees as hurdles to better surveillance, the spokesman said. But those plans have already sparked criticism from Social Democrats (SPD), who are partners in the current German caretaker government and are under pressure to renew the  grand coalition  that ruled Germany for the past four years. Surveillance is a sensitive issue in Germany given its legacy of spying by East Germany s Stasi secret police and the Nazi era Gestapo. Boris Pistorius, an SPD member and interior minister of the state of Lower Saxony, said de Maiziere s plans were premature and  panicked , and called for a more measured approach.  2017 is not Orwell s 1984,  he told the Neue Osnabruecker Zeitung in an interview to be published on Saturday.  We need sound judgment and not exaggeration.  In the past, law enforcement officials have run into difficulty installing secret listening devices in cars and apartments because individuals were tipped off by security systems in electronic gadgets connected to the internet, or received text messages when their cars were opened. Officials were now exploring legal changes that would require alarm system operators to provide law enforcement with specific tools that would enable them to secretly open and circumvent alarm systems in cases involving suspected terrorist activity or organized crime, the spokesman said.  He said authorities were not seeking access to suspects  computers, smart phones or other electronic devices.      ",1
13322,Lebanon will only survive if Hezbollah disarms: Saudi minister,"ROME (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s foreign minister said on Friday that Lebanon had been  hijacked  by Hezbollah and could only flourish if the Iranian-backed group disarmed.  The Shi ite Muslim militia was set up by the powerful Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) in the 1980s and has grown steadily in influence, sharing power in the Beirut government and giving crucial support to President Bashar al-Assad in Syria s civil war.  Its growing strength has alarmed Saudi Arabia, a Sunni Muslim monarchy that is Shi ite Iran s arch-rival for regional influence.  Lebanon will only survive or prosper if you disarm Hezbollah,  Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told a conference in Italy.  As long as you have an armed militia, you will not have peace in Lebanon.  Jubeir said the situation in Lebanon was  tragic  and accused Iran of fomenting unrest across the Middle East.  Since 1979, the Iranians have literally got away with murder in our region, and this has to stop,  he said. A month ago, Saad al-Hariri resigned as Lebanese prime minister while he was in Saudi Arabia, triggering a political crisis in Beirut and thrusting Lebanon onto the front line of the regional rivalry. Saudi Arabia denied coercing its long-time ally to quit, and Hariri has now returned to Beirut and indicated that he might withdraw his resignation. Elsewhere in the region, Saudi Arabia fears that Hezbollah and Iran are trying to take control of its neighbor Yemen, by supporting Houthi forces against a Riyadh-led military coalition. Hezbollah denies fighting in Yemen, sending weapons to the Houthis, or firing rockets at Saudi Arabia from Yemeni territory. Jubeir rejected this and said his country would not back down in the conflict.  The Houthis cannot be allowed to take over a country,  he said. Jubeir said his country only had bad relations with two nations   Iran and North Korea. He said Riyadh did not have relations with Israel, which shares Saudi worries over Iran, because it was waiting for a Palestinian peace deal. He said everyone knew what a solution would look like to the decades-old conflict.  It is not rocket science,  he said, adding that he was waiting for the United States to put forward a new proposal. One of the most intractable problems facing negotiators is the spread of Jewish settlements across occupied territory that the Palestinians want for a future state.  Jubeir said he expected an eventual deal would set the borders of a Palestinian state on the lines prevailing before the 1967 war, when Israel captured the West Bank and Gaza Strip. However, he said adjustments could be made for settlers:  Seventy percent of the settlers who are on the (1967) Green Line remain in Israel, and the other 30 percent - you offer them compensation and work out housing, and they can move to Israel.  ",1
13323,Ireland says Brexit border breakthrough 'doable' by December summit,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - A breakthrough on the future of the Irish border once Britain leaves the European Union is  doable  before a key EU summit in two weeks time but the negotiating teams are  not there yet , Ireland s foreign minister said on Friday. Avoiding a so-called  hard border  on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before Brexit talks can move to negotiations on Britain s future trade relationship with the EU and a possible two-year Brexit transition deal.  European Council President Donald Tusk last week set an  absolute deadline  of Monday - when British Prime Minister Theresa May meets EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier - for London to deliver  sufficient progress  in its divorce offer.  Let s hope we can make more progress in the next few days. I don t think everything needs to be done by next Monday but certainly we need to be in a position by the time EU leaders meet (on Dec. 14), I hope, to have wording that everybody can live with,  Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told reporters.   I think it s doable but I think there s a need for some movement and more flexibility than we ve seen to date. We re not where we need to be today but I do think it is possible to get to where we need to be over the next few days,  he said. If London meets the three key EU conditions on its financial settlement for leaving, the rights of expatriate citizens and the border, then leaders could give a green light to trade talks at the summit on Dec. 14-15. Before it can sign off on the first phase, Dublin wants May to spell out in writing how she intends to make good on a commitment to avoid a hard border and says the best way to do so is to keep regulations the same on both sides of a border that will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after Brexit. Coveney said negotiators were working to find  sensible wording , drafts of which were being exchanged. Dublin, he said, will insist  there will be no fudge . He said his government and the pro-Brexit Northern Ireland party propping up May s government agreed on far more than it disagreed on after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) hinted it might withdraw its support for May if she gives too much away. However he warned the DUP that one party does not have a monopoly on the region whose voters sought to stay in the EU and that there were broad and different views among the British province s unionists and Irish nationalist communities.  We can t allow one party to dictate what s acceptable and what s not,  he said. ",1
13324,EU says Irish to have final say as Brexit border deadline looms,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The key to British hopes of moving on to talks on trade ties with the European Union after it quits the bloc lies in Dublin, the European Council president said on Friday as Ireland called for  credible  solutions from London for the Irish border.  Avoiding a return to a  hard border  on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before Brexit talks can advance to trade ties and a possible two-year Brexit transition deal. But European Council President Donald Tusk that while the EU negotiating team represents the interests of the 27 other members, Ireland will have the final say on the border issue.   Let me say very clearly: if the UK offer is unacceptable for Ireland, it will also be unacceptable for the EU,  Tusk said in Dublin at a joint press conference with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar.   The key to the UK s future lies - in some ways - in Dublin, at least as long as Brexit negotiations continue.    Tusk confirmed he had given British Prime Minister Theresa May a deadline of Monday to make a final offer on Irish border conditions before EU heads of government decide whether there is  sufficient progress  on a UK-EU divorce settlement to merit opening talks on the future relationship. If London meets the three key EU conditions on its financial bill for leaving, the rights of expatriate citizens and the border, then leaders could give a green light to trade talks at the summit on Dec. 14-15. With significant headway on the financial settlement and citizen rights now apparently in the bag, a deal on the Irish border appears to be the final hurdle. The political and economic stakes are high. The economy of Ireland, north and south, has become deeply integrated since the EU single market s creation in 1993, and only road signs now mark the frontier. Free-flowing commerce, together with the 1998 peace deal between Northern Ireland s Protestants and Catholics, has transformed previously neglected areas on both sides of the boundary. Varadkar said that while progress on the border issue had been made, the next few days would be crucial and that Ireland would not be afraid to use its veto if necessary.   The UK must offer credible, concrete and workable solutions that guarantee that there will be no hard border...whatever the future relationship between the EU and the UK is,  he said.  I m an optimist by nature...However I m also prepared to stand firm with our partners if need be...if the UK offer falls short.   Before it can sign off on the first phase, Dublin wants May to spell out in writing how she intends to make good on a commitment to avoid turning the clock back to a border of customs and security checks. It says the best way to do so is to keep regulations the same on both sides of a border that will be the UK s only land boundary with the EU after Brexit. May s government has said Britain will leave the EU s single market and customs union but wants the Irish border to remain open, a stance that EU officials say is contradictory. Earlier on Friday Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said a deal on the border was  doable  but that the sides were  not there yet. Coveney said negotiators were working to find  sensible wording , drafts of which were being exchanged. Dublin, he said, will insist  there will be no fudge . May s room to offer additional concessions to Dublin appeared extremely limited when the pro-Brexit Northern Ireland party propping up her government on Thursday hinted it might withdraw its support if she gives up too much.  But Coveney said the Irish government and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) agreed on far more than it disagreed on.  May is also under pressure from British business leaders who want confirmation of a transition deal so they have time to adapt to the new relationship.  ",1
13325,No hike in Argentine defense spending despite sub tragedy: senator,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Argentina will not increase defense spending, despite the loss of a submarine with 44 crew aboard that has sparked criticism of the state of its armed forces, a close ally of President Mauricio Macri said on Friday. Argentina has given up hope of rescuing the crew of the ARA San Juan, which disappeared over two weeks ago in the South Atlantic. The tragedy underscored what some critics have described as the parlous state of the country s military, which has faced dwindling resources for years.   There were no plans to provide extra funding for the armed forces, said Esteban Bullrich, a former education minister under Macri who is now a senator representing Argentina s powerful Buenos Aires province.  We have to work within the constraints of our (budget) policy in general, we re not going to go out of our plan because of this incident,  Bullrich told Reuters in an interview in New York. There will be no change in Argentina s 2018 budget allocation for defense, he said. Defense spending in the budget is lower than in the previous year in real terms. It is the lowest in the region compared to gross domestic product, and the government has limited room for maneuver. Since Macri took power in 2015, the country has returned to international debt markets but investment has been slower than the government had hoped.   Bullrich was in New York to attend a United Nations event and meet with investors, as part of the government s charm offensive to convince them that Argentina is open for business after over a decade of protectionist rule. October s congressional elections - which saw sweeping victories for Macri allies like Bullrich - were a sign to investors that Argentines want change, he said. The vote was widely seen as a referendum on Macri s government.  His market-oriented changes have not all been popular. But government supporters say they are starting to benefit Latin America s third largest economy.  Although Macri s coalition does not have a congressional majority, Bullrich said he believed that opposition politicians were ready to work with the government.  We can pass (reforms) even with a minority, because senators realize this, we had huge support from Argentinians in general,  he said. Bullrich expressed confidence that key Macri legislation on pensions, tax, and capital markets - as well as the 2018 budget - could be voted on before the end of 2017.  Yes it is (tight). But the thing is a lot of these reforms have been discussed in advance, and we re very open to changes,  he said. ",1
13326,Honduran presidential result due at 9 pm: electoral tribunal,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras will publish the final result for last Sunday s presidential election at 9 p.m. (0300 GMT) on Friday, said the head of the country s electoral tribunal, David Matamoros. Honduras has been stuck in political limbo since the election due to problems with the vote count. The vote count initially favored opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla, then swung in favor of President Juan Orlando Hernandez after it came to a halt on Monday and restarted more than a day later. ",1
13327,"Seoul says North Korea puts Washington in range, but needs to prove critical technology","SEOUL/MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korea s latest missile test puts Washington within range, but Pyongyang still needs to prove it has mastered critical missile technology, such as re-entry, terminal stage guidance and warhead activation, South Korea said on Friday. South Korea s Ministry of Defence said the Hwasong-15 missile tested on Wednesday was a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) which can fly over 13,000 km (8,080 miles), placing Washington within target range. The test prompted a warning from the United States that North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out, a statement that drew sharp criticism from Russia. On Friday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov termed the threat from U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley  a bloodthirsty tirade  and said military action against Pyongyang would be a big mistake, Russian news agencies reported.  We will do everything to ensure that (the use of force) doesn t happen so that the problem is decided only using peaceful and political-diplomatic means,  Lavrov said. Separately, Russian lawmakers just back from a visit to Pyongyang said North Korea was not prepared to disarm, and while it did not want nuclear war it was morally ready for it, Russia s RIA news agency reported. Pyongyang has said its Wednesday missile test was a  breakthrough  and leader Kim Jong Un said the country had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.  After North Korea released video footage and photographs of Hwasong-15, U.S. based experts said it appeared North Korea was indeed capable of delivering a nuclear weapon anywhere in the United States and could only be two or three tests away from being combat ready. Yeo Suk-joo, South Korea s deputy minister of defense policy, told the South Korean parliament that North Korea still needed to prove some technologies, like re-entry, terminal stage guidance and warhead activation. Even so, South Korea s Unification Ministry said North Korea was likely to pause its missile tests for a number of reasons, including the northern hemisphere winter season.  For now if there are no sudden changes in situation or external factors, we feel there is a high chance North Korea will refrain from engaging in provocations for a while,  said Lee Yoo-jin, the ministry s deputy spokeswoman. North Korea is known to test fewer missiles in the fourth quarter of the year as troops are called to help with harvests, while the cold temperatures are a strain on the country s fuel supplies. This week s missile launch was the first in 75 days. South Korea Defence Minister Song Young-moo told parliament  he expected North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to use his New Year s Address to declare that North Korea had completed its weapons program. South Korean and U.S. officials say the Hwasong 15 is the most advanced missile North Korea has ever tested. Yeo told lawmakers the first stage engine of the missile featured a clustering of two engines from a smaller Hwasong-14 ICBM test-launched in July. He said the Hwasong-15 is two meters (six feet) longer than the Hwasong-14. He said the second-stage engine requires further analysis. Yeo said U.S. strategic assets would continue to be rotated on and near the Korean peninsula until the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea next February in a bid to deter further North Korean  provocations.  U.S. President Donald Trump has responded to the latest North Korean test with a fresh round of insults directed against Kim Jong Un, who he called  Little Rocket Man  and a  sick puppy.  Trump has vowed to respond with tougher sanctions, but his administration has warned that all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea, including military ones. North Korea has stuck to its effort to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States in spite of  years of international sanctions and condemnation. ",1
13328,Russia calls U.S. threat to destroy North Korea a 'bloodthirsty tirade',"ROME (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that a U.S. threat to destroy North Korea in the event of a war was  a bloodthirsty tirade  and military action against Pyongyang would be a big mistake.  Speaking on a visit to Italy, Lavrov strongly condemned comments made by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who earlier this week warned North Korea s leadership it would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out after Pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile.  If someone really wants to use force to, as the U.S. representative to the United Nations put it, destroy North Korea ...then I think that is playing with fire and a big mistake,  Lavrov told reporters. He called Haley s speech on North Korea, which she made at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting,  a really bloodthirsty tirade .  We will do everything to ensure that (the use of force) doesn t happen so that the problem is decided only using peaceful and political-diplomatic means,  said Lavrov. Later, addressing a Rome conference, Lavrov said Russia and the United States both wanted North Korea to disarm, but said Washington would send a bad message if it walked away from a 2015 nuclear deal with Iran. U.S. President Donald Trump said in October he would not certify that Tehran was complying with the 2015 deal and warned he might ultimately terminate it, accusing Iran of  not living up to the spirit  of the accord.  If the United States drops out of this deal, it won t be very credible in the eyes of those who are now requested to drop their (own) nuclear program like North Korea,  Lavrov said. He added that most  serious analysts ... and many officials  in Washington understood this. ",1
13329,Trump: China's North Korea diplomacy appears to have 'no impact on Little Rocket Man',"WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump dismissed a Chinese diplomatic effort to rein in North Korea s weapons program as a failure on Thursday, while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Beijing was doing a lot, but could do more to limit oil supplies to Pyongyang. In a tweet, Trump delivered another insulting barb against North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who he called  Little Rocket Man  and a  sick puppy  after North Korea test-fired its most advanced missile to date on Wednesday.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Washington s approach was dangerously provocative.  Trump s tweets further inflamed tensions reignited this week after North Korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile in a  breakthrough  that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons whose warheads could withstand re-entry to the Earth s atmosphere.  The Chinese envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man,  Trump said on Twitter, a day after speaking with Chinese President Chinese President Xi Jinping and reiterating his call for Beijing to use its leverage against North Korea. Tillerson on Thursday welcomed Chinese efforts on North Korea, but said Beijing could do more to limit its oil exports to the country.  The Chinese are doing a lot. We do think they could do more with the oil. We re really asking them to please restrain more of the oil, not cut it off completely,  Tillerson said at the State Department. China is North Korea s neighbor and its sole major trading partner. While Trump has been bellicose at times in rhetoric toward North Korea, Tillerson has persistently held out hopes for a return to dialogue if North Korea shows it is willing to give up its nuclear weapons program.  However, Tillerson may not remain in his job long, with disagreements with Trump over North Korea being one factor. On Thursday, senior Trump administration officials said the White House was considering a plan to replace Tillerson with Mike Pompeo, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said he still had confidence in diplomatic efforts on North Korea and that the United States would be  unrelenting  in working through the United Nations. In spite of Trump s rhetoric and warnings that all options, including military ones, are on the table in dealing with North Korea, his administration has stressed it favors a diplomatic solution to the crisis.  Trump has pledged more sanctions in response to the latest  test and, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting late Wednesday, the United States warned North Korea s leadership would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out.  This administration is focused on one big thing when it comes to North Korea, and that s denuclearization of the Korean peninsula,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a regular White House briefing.  Anything beyond that is not the priority at this point,  she said, responding to a question on whether regime change was on the administration s agenda after Trump s recent tweets and a speech by U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley. Lavrov pointed to joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises planned for December and accused the United States of trying to provoke Kim into  flying off the handle  over his missile program to hand Washington a pretext to destroy his country.   He also flatly rejected a U.S. call for Russia to cut ties with Pyongyang over its nuclear and ballistic missile program, calling U.S. policy toward North Korea deeply flawed. In a call with Trump on Thursday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said the missile launched this week was North Korea s most advanced so far, but it was unclear whether Pyongyang had the technology to miniaturize a nuclear warhead and it still needed to prove other things, such as its re-entry technology. A White House statement said Trump and Moon reiterated their strong commitment to enhancing the deterrence and defense capabilities of the U.S.-South Korea alliance and added:  Both leaders reaffirmed their strong commitment to compelling North Korea to return to the path of denuclearization at any cost.  North Korea has tested dozens of ballistic missiles under Kim s leadership and conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test in September. It has said its weapons programs are a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, denies any such intention. Previous U.S. administrations have failed to stop North Korea from developing nuclear weapons and a sophisticated missile program. Trump, who has previously said the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to protect itself and its allies from the nuclear threat, has also struggled to contain Pyongyang since taking office in January. ",1
13330,"North Korea won't disarm, says Russian delegation to Pyongyang: RIA","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian lawmakers who visited Pyongyang said North Korea was not prepared to disarm, and while it did not want nuclear war it is morally ready for it, Russia s RIA news agency reported.  They said they won t disarm, there cannot even be any talk of that,  the agency quoted Svetlana Maximova as saying. She was part of a delegation of Russian lawmakers just back from a visit to North Korea. Another member of the delegation, Kazbek Taisayev, was quoted as saying by RIA of the North Koreans:  They do not want war, they want to live normally, but if there is a threat from the United States, then they are morally ready for that war.  ",1
13331,Scientists identify remains of 88 Argentine soldiers on Falklands,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Forensic scientists have identified the remains of 88 Argentine soldiers buried in anonymous graves on the Falkland Islands after the country s 1982 conflict with Britain, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Friday. The results were presented to Argentine and British delegations, and Argentine authorities would inform the families of the soldiers  directly and confidentially,  the ICRC said in a statement. Scientists analyzed 122 sets of human remains in 121 anonymous graves in the Darwin Cemetery in the South Atlantic,  an ICRC spokeswoman said. One of the graves, which were all marked  Argentine soldier only known to God,  had two bodies. The ICRC has been interviewing families of dead Argentine soldiers since 2012 and 107 have consented to DNA testing. During Britain s two-month war to reclaim the Falklands, which Argentines call the Malvinas, 255 British troops and about 650 Argentine soldiers died. The majority of the Argentines that perished were on a Navy ship that sank.  For us, the process will end when all those who fell are identified,  said Ernesto Alonso, a veteran of the war.  While the South American country still claims the islands, President Mauricio Macri has adopted a softer tone than his predecessor Cristina Fernandez. The two countries signed an agreement last December to try to identify the soldiers and to divide the $1.5 million of related costs. The ICRC forensic scientists, and two experts each from Argentina and Britain, began their efforts in June.  ",1
13332,U.S. remains committed to Libyan political agreement: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States remains committed to the Libyan Political Agreement, the State Department said in a statement following U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s meeting with Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj on Friday.  Attempts to bypass the UN-facilitated political process or impose a military solution to the conflict would only destabilize Libya and create opportunities for ISIS (Islamic State) and other terrorist groups to threaten the United States and our allies,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. ",1
13333,"Syrian government negotiator quits Geneva talks, says may not return","GENEVA/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s government delegation quit U.N.-led peace talks in Geneva on Friday and said it would not return next week unless the opposition withdrew a statement demanding President Bashar al-Assad play no role in any interim post-war government.  For us (this) round is over, as a government delegation. He as mediator can announce his own opinion,  government chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari said after a morning of talks, referring to U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura.  As long as the other side sticks to the language of Riyadh 2 ... there will be no progress,  Ja afari said. He was referring to a position adopted by Syrian opposition delegates at a meeting in Riyadh last week, in which they stuck to their demand that Assad be excluded from any transitional government. Ja afari went further in a televised interview with al-Mayadeen TV:  We cannot engage in serious discussion in Geneva while the Riyadh statement is not withdrawn.  De Mistura put a brave face on the impasse, saying in a statement that he had asked the delegations to engage in  talks next week  and give their reactions to 12 political principles. Previously there had been some speculation the opposition could soften its stance ahead of this week s Geneva negotiations, in response to government advances on the battlefield. The Syrian civil war, now in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven 11 million from their homes. So far all previous rounds of peace talks have failed to make progress, faltering over the opposition s demand Assad leave power and his refusal to go. Pressed whether the government delegation would return to Geneva next week, Ja afari replied:  Damascus will decide.  Ja afari said the statement insisting Assad leave power that was adopted by the opposition in Riyadh ahead of this week s peace talks was a  mine  on the road to Geneva, and the opposition had purposefully undermined the negotiations.  The language with which the statement was drafted was seen by us, the Syrian government, as well as by too many capitals, as a step back rather than progress forward, because it imposed a kind of precondition,  he said.  The language is provocative, irresponsible,  he said. The opposition, which held brief talks later with U.N. officials, rejected the charge that it was seeking to undermine the talks, and said it sought a  political solution .  We have come to this round with no preconditions,  opposition spokesman Yahya al-Aridi told reporters.  Now, not coming back is a precondition in itself. It s an expression or a reflection of a responsibility toward people who have been suffering for seven years now,  Aridi said. Nasr Hariri, the opposition delegation chief, said earlier on Friday that his side had come to Geneva for serious, direct negotiations with Assad s government. So far, government and opposition delegations have not negotiated face-to-face in any Syrian peace talks but have been kept in separate rooms.   We call on the international community to put pressure on the regime to engage with this process,  Hariri said in a statement. De Mistura said on Thursday the talks would run until Dec. 15, but the government delegation might return to Damascus to  refresh and consult  before a resumption probably on Tuesday. ",1
13334,"Turkey casts Zarrab case as attempt to undermine its politics, economy","ISTANBUL/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey cast the testimony of a wealthy gold trader in a U.S. court as an attempt to undermine Ankara and its economy on Friday, highlighting how President Tayyip Erdogan may use the politically charged case to rally nationalist support. The trader, Reza Zarrab, told a New York court on Wednesday that Erdogan had authorized a transaction in a scheme to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. A dual national of Iran and Turkey, Zarrab is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors in the trial of a Turkish bank executive accused of helping Iran launder money. The executive has pleaded not guilty.  This court case has stopped being judicial and become completely political, with the sole aim to corner Turkey and its economy,  Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said. The case has aggravated tension between Ankara and Washington, NATO allies already at odds over Syria policy and the United States  failure to extradite the Muslim cleric Turkey accuses of engineering a failed military coup last year. Although the economic fall-out from the case could be substantial - especially if U.S. authorities fine Turkish banks - analysts said that Erdogan is unlikely to be damaged politically at home and could potentially emerge stronger by attracting more nationalist support.  This will bolster his claim that he is fighting an independence battle against foreign enemies,  said Halil Karaveli, editor of the Turkey Analyst, a policy journal.   If there is going to be any political impact, I suspect it will actually help in the electoral sense.  Media coverage of the case has been limited in Turkey and one pro-government outlet branded the trial as a conspiracy by  enemies  of the country. Erdogan, who has governed Turkey for almost 15 years, has not yet responded to the courtroom claims; but had already dismissed the case as a politically inspired attempt to bring down the Turkish government. His government says the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for the failed military coup, was also behind the court case.  Zarrab s deposition before the U.S. court will not impact the outlook of the AK Party constituency. In return, mitigating the possible economic impact will be more of a challenge especially if Turkish banks are eventually fined,  said Sinan Ulgen, an analyst and former Turkish diplomat. International investors have grown nervous about Turkey as ties with the United States have worsened - helping drive the  lira currency down some 10 percent against the dollar in the past three months, to a series of record lows. But the U.S. legal action over the alleged Iran sanctions busting, and the risk that some of the country s banks might be sucked into the case, lies at the heart of the latest investor concerns. U.S. prosecutors charge that the executive of Turkey s state-owned Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, helped Iran launder the money. Halkbank, like Atilla, has said it is not guilty of the charges. In his testimony, Zarrab also said that Turkish officials had authorized two Turkish banks, Ziraat Bank and VakifBank, to move funds for Iran. Both Ziraat and VakifBank have denied taking part in any such scheme. Nonetheless, investors are worried about the possibility that Turkish banks could be fined.  If there is a fine that s outsize and the Turkish government doesn t want to pay or allow the bank to pay, it will turn into a political standoff which is not great for banks or sovereign spreads,  said Greg Saichin, head of emerging debt at Allianz Global Investors in London.  This whole issue is weighing heavily on Turkey as a country to allocate (capital) to.  ",1
13335,Turkey to seize assets of gold trader testifying in U.S. court: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey is to seize the assets of a Turkish-Iranian gold trader who is a key witness in the trial of a Turkish bank executive in the United States over violations of Iran sanctions, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Friday. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Friday he hoped gold trader Reza Zarrab would  turn back from his mistake  in cooperating with U.S. prosecutors, reiterating Ankara s view that the criminal trial in New York was aimed at putting pressure on Turkey and its economy. The Istanbul prosecutor s office decided to seize the assets of Zarrab and those of his acquaintances as part of an investigation against him, Anadolu said. The prosecutor s office was not immediately available for comment. ",1
13336,U.N. aid chief appeals for full lifting of Yemen blockade,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations appealed on Friday to the Saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of Yemen, saying up to eight million people were  right on the brink of famine . Earlier this week the coalition partially eased its blockade to let aid into the ports of Hodeidah and Salif and U.N. flights into Sanaa. But aid shipments cover only a fraction of Yemen s needs, since almost all food, fuel and medicine are imported. The coalition, which is backed by the United States and other countries, began the blockade on Nov. 6 after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired from Yemen toward its capital Riyadh. A second missile was shot down on Thursday.  That blockade has been partially wound down but not fully wound down. It needs to be fully wound down if we are to avoid an atrocious humanitarian tragedy involving the loss of millions of lives, the like of which the world has not seen for many decades,  U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock said.  Yemen has a population of 25 million people. Twenty million of them need assistance and something like seven or eight million of them are, right now, right on the brink of famine,  he said as he launched the U.N. s 2018 humanitarian appeal. Lowcock sidestepped reporters  questions on whether the Saudi-led blockade amounted to a violation of international law, though he said the United Nations had consistently urged all parties in the conflict to respect their obligations.  I m not a lawyer but clearly international humanitarian law includes a requirement to facilitate unhindered access for aid agencies, and that s what I ve been trying to secure both in what I ve said publicly and also in my private dialogue,  he said. U.N. officials are often shy of criticizing parties to a conflict for fear of losing access or funding. Saudi Arabia has been a major donor to aid appeals for Yemen. Others have been less reticent. Jan Egeland, a former U.N. aid chief, has called the blockade  illegal collective punishment , while  Alfredo Zamudio, director of the Nansen Center for Peace and Dialogue in Norway, told Reuters he thought the International Criminal Court should investigate whether it was a war crime. Speaking at Friday s event in Geneva, Helle Thorning-Schmidt, head of Save the Children International, said:  What we ve seen in Yemen has been actually a very clear breach of the rules and also it s been very clear that denial of aid coming in has also become a weapon of war.  The coalition joined the Yemen war in 2015 after the Iran-allied Houthi group and its allies forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee into exile in Saudi Arabia. Riyadh sees the Houthis as a proxy for Iran, its arch-foe in the region. The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced over 2 million and triggered a cholera epidemic as well as pushed the country to the verge of famine.     ",1
13337,Former Catalan cabinet members appear before Supreme Court,"MADRID (Reuters) - A judge will give his ruling on Monday on whether eight pro-independence Catalan politicians charged with sedition should be released from custody so they can contest a regional election set for Dec. 21, judicial sources said on Friday.  The eight, former members of Catalonia s dismissed regional government, appeared before the Supreme Court on Friday to request their release while they await trial in the wake of a disputed independence referendum. Catalan leaders, who previously held a slim parliamentary majority, made a unilateral declaration of independence in defiance of Spanish law on Oct. 27, leading to their arrest and forcing Madrid to take direct control of the region and call the election. The face-off between Barcelona and Madrid has tipped Spain into its worst political crisis in four decades, prompted more than 2,800 companies to move their legal headquarters out of the region, and forced the government to cut growth forecasts. It has also deeply divided people in the wealthy northeastern region and caused resentment in the rest of Spain. Sacked regional vice-president Oriol Junqueras, one of his ERC party s main candidates for the election, has asked to leave jail in order to campaign in the December vote, which pro-independence parties see as a de facto vote on secession. The presiding judge will make his decision on the cabinet members  custody public on Monday, judicial sources said. Any release would likely to be on bail and under strict conditions as the defendants await trial.    Junqueras and seven other former cabinet members were jailed on Nov. 2 pending trial on charges of sedition, rebellion and misappropriation of funds after organizing the illegal secession vote and declaring independence from Spain. Earlier in November, the Supreme Court released Catalan parliament speaker Carme Forcadell on bail of 150,000 euros  ($178,410) after she agreed to renounce any political activity that went against the Spanish constitution. All eight former cabinet members have said they would abide by a ruling giving Madrid control over the region, according to their lawyers, although some of them said they did not agree with this unprecedented move stripping power from the rebel administration. Campaigning for the Dec. 21 election officially starts on Tuesday. The former president of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, in self-imposed exile in Belgium and subject to an arrest warrant from Spain for rebellion and misuse of public funds, has called the elections the most important in the region s history. Barely a quarter of Catalans want to continue with the project of creating an independent state, a survey by pollsters Metroscopia showed. However, the same poll of 1,800 Catalans taken between Nov. 20 and Nov. 22, showed that separatist parties are forecast to win 46 percent of the vote, down slightly from 47.7 percent in a previous election in 2015.  Unionist parties combined would account for another 46 percent of votes, up from less than 40 percent last time. The leaders of Catalan civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana (ANC) and Omnium Cultural, Jordi Sanchez and Jordi Cuixart   who were imprisoned last month, also testified before the Supreme Court over their role in the independence drive.  ($1 = 0.8408 euros) ",1
13338,Ethnic clash in Nigeria leaves four police officers dead: official,"YOLA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Muslim cattle herders are suspected of killing four police officers in the northeastern Nigerian state of Adamawa, a police official said on Friday. The four officers were killed on Thursday night defending a village in the Numan region from the herdsmen, who attacked the settlement as a reprisal for an earlier deadly clash, said Othman Abubakar, a police spokesman for the state. In the earlier clash, unidentified attackers killed more than 30 cattle herders in Numan. Numan has recently become a flashpoint for clashes between the herders and Christian farmers, which occur frequently across broad swathes of Nigeria, as each group contests the other s rights to land for pasture and agriculture. ",1
13339,UK must produce 'credible' border plan to unlock Brexit talks: Irish PM,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Friday that the British government must produce credible, concrete solutions in the coming days to ensure there will be no hard border in Ireland if it wants to move on to the next phase of Brexit talks.   The UK must offer credible, concrete and workable solutions that guarantee that there will be no hard border, whatever the outcome of the negotiations and whatever the future relationship between the EU and the UK is,  Varadkar said after talks with  European Council President Donald Tusk.   The next couple of days will be crucial,  he said.  ",1
13340,Turkey's Erdogan to make historic visit to Greece next week,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Tayyip Erdogan will travel to Greece on Dec. 7-8, Greek sources said on Friday, in the first visit by a Turkish president in decades that have seen ties at times severely strained over issues from Aegean Sea rights to ethnically-split Cyprus. Erdogan is expected to meet his Greek counterpart and Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras and discuss bilateral relations, security issues and the refugee crisis, following a 2016 EU-Ankara deal aimed at reducing migrant flows to Europe.  He is also expected to visit Thrace in northern Greece, where there is a Muslim minority. Erdogan last visited fellow NAT member Greece in 2010 in his capacity as  prime minister. His visit next week will be the first by a Turkish president to Greece in 65 years.  Greece and Turkey, NATO allies, came to the brink of war in 1996 over the ownership of uninhabited Aegean islets.  Relations have improved since then but they are still at odds over issues from territorial disputes to Cyprus, which remains divided between Greek and Turkish Cypriot communities living on either side of a U.N.-monitored ceasefire line.  Eight Turkish soldiers commandeered a helicopter and flew it to northern Greece as a failed coup unfolded against Erdogan between July 15 and 16, 2016. Turkey has repeatedly demanded Greece hand them over but Greece s highest court has rejected their extradition. Greek police on Tuesday arrested nine Turkish citizens who were later charged with terrorism-related offences. They are accused of hoarding explosives and of links to an outlawed militant organization responsible for suicide bombings in Turkey. They have denied any wrongdoing. [nL8N1NZ39F] ",1
13341,"After quitting talks, Syrian government envoy blames Saudis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government envoy to U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva said on Friday that Saudi Arabia had  mined the way  to the meeting and did not want a political solution to the conflict. The Syrian government delegation earlier quit the talks in Geneva, blaming the opposition s rejection of any role for President Bashar al-Assad in any interim government.     Saudi policy is the foundation that got this matter to where it is. They do not want any success for the political, peaceful solution,  Bashar al-Ja afari, who also serves as Syria s U.N. envoy, said in an interview with al-Mayadeen television. ",1
13342,Zimbabwe's military muscles into first post-Mugabe cabinet,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa appointed senior military officials to top posts in his first cabinet on Friday in what was widely seen as a reward for the army s role in the removal of his predecessor, Robert Mugabe. Sworn in as president a week ago after 93-year-old Mugabe quit in the wake of a de facto military coup, Mnangagwa made Major-General Sibusiso Moyo foreign minister and handed Air Marshal Perrance Shiri the sensitive land portfolio. The new president, who later on Friday spoke publicly about the need to draw on local expertise and skills to put the economy back on robust footing, also brought back Patrick Chinamasa as finance minister despite his chequered record in that post previously. Most Zimbabweans remember Moyo as the khaki-clad general who went on state television in the early hours of Nov. 15 to announce the military takeover that ended Mugabe s 37-year rule. Shiri is feared - and loathed - by many Zimbabweans as the former commander of the North Korean-trained  5 Brigade  that played a central role in the so-called Gukurahundi massacres in Matabeleland in 1983 in which an estimated 20,000 people were killed. The land portfolio is a sensitive but economically crucial one since land reforms in the early 2000s led to violent seizure of thousands of white-owned farms and the collapse of the nation s economy.   For most observers, this (the new cabinet line-up) looks like a reward for the military - or more specifically like the military asserting its authority,  London-based political analyst Alex Magaisa wrote on Twitter. Mnangagwa, a former state security chief known as  The Crocodile , dropped allies of Mugabe s wife, Grace, but brought back many Mugabe loyalists from the ruling ZANU-PF party, disappointing those who had been expecting a break with the past.  Zimbabweans were expecting a sea change from the Mugabe era. After all, had there not been a revolution, or so they thought?  Magaisa said. New information minister Chris Mutsvangwa, leader of the powerful liberation war veterans, was not immediately available for comment. Mnangagwa s opponents from Grace Mugabe s ousted G40 faction derided the line-up as old wine in a khaki bottle.  Even #Nigeria didn t have so many commanders in Cabinet in its coup days!  former information minister and G40 leader Jonathan Moyo, who remains in hiding, said on Twitter. Chinamasa, a lawyer by training, had been finance minister since 2013 until he was shifted to the new ministry of cyber security in a reshuffle this year.  His predecessor and Mugabe ally Ignatius Chombo, is in jail facing corruption charges dating back more than two decades. A high court on Friday postponed Chombo s hearing to next Tuesday.   During Chinamasa s time in charge, though, the economy stagnated, with a lack of exports causing acute dollars shortages that crippled the financial system and led to long queues outside banks. The issuance of billions of dollars of domestic debt to pay for a bloated civil service - a key component of the ZANU-PF patronage machine under Mugabe - also triggered a collapse in the value of Zimbabwe s de facto currency and ignited inflation.  I had expected a more broad-based cabinet,  said economist Anthony Hawkins, adding that Mnangagwa s faith in Chinamasa suggested loyalty trumped ability.  Chinamasa s appointment was to be expected, notwithstanding his appalling record.  With elections due next year, Mnangagwa needs to deliver a quick economic bounce and has made clear he wants to curb wasteful expenditure. His cabinet has 22 ministers compared to Mugabe s 33. One of his most pressing tasks will be to patch up relations with donors and the outside world and work out a deal to clear Zimbabwe s $1.8 billion of arrears to the World Bank and African Development Bank. Without that, the new administration will be unable to unlock any new external financing. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson told Reuters this week London was thinking about extending a bridging loan to Harare to allow this to happen, although said it depended on  how the democratic process unfolds . Speaking publicly for the first time as president at a graduation ceremony at a university in Chinhoyi, 110 km (68 miles) south of Harare, Mnangagwa, however, appeared to be looking to local expertise to put the economy on a stronger footing.  As we engage the world it is of great importance to have our own home-grown solutions to develop our economy and benchmark ourselves on the best in the global village,  he said.  ",1
13343,"Pope holds emotional meeting with refugees, says ""Rohingya"" for first time","DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis had an emotional meeting with Muslim refugees from Myanmar in Bangladesh on Friday and used the word Rohingya to describe them for the first time on his Asian trip, calling for them to be respected. He also urged the world not to ignore refugees, persecuted minorities, the poor and vulnerable. The encounter took place at an inter-religious peace meeting on his first full day in Bangladesh, to where 625,000 Rohingya from Myanmar s Rakhine state have fled from an army crackdown. Refugees have said scores of Rohingya villages have been burnt to the ground, people killed and women raped. Myanmar s military has denied accusations of  ethnic cleansing  by the United States and United Nations. The pope had earlier in the week visited Myanmar, where he met its leader Aung San Suu Kyi and Senior General Min Aung Hlaing. But there he avoided using the word Rohingya, a term the authorities reject. Many people in Myanmar regard the largely stateless Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. At the Bangladesh meeting, however, he said:  The presence of God today is also called Rohingya.  Addressing about 5,000 people at the gathering on the grounds of the Roman Catholic archbishop s residence, Francis said:  How much our world needs this heart to beat strongly, to counter the virus of political corruption, destructive religious ideologies, and the temptation to turn a blind eye to the needs of the poor, refugees, persecuted minorities, and those who are most vulnerable.  Aid workers brought 16 Rohingya refugees from camps in Cox s Bazar, about 430 km (260 miles) southeast of Dhaka on the border with Myanmar, to join other Muslims, as well as Hindus, Buddhists, Christians and charity workers. The pope looked somber as each member of the group, which included 12 men and four women, including two young girls, told him their stories through interpreters. Francis looked pained as he listened.  In the name of all those who persecute you, who have persecuted you, those who have hurt you, above all for the indifference of the world, I ask for forgiveness, forgiveness.  Francis said in improvised comments. Before that, in his calls for peace in Myanmar and Bangladesh, he had not publicly used the word Rohingya to describe the refugees   disappointing human rights groups and other prominent figures in the West who have condemned the repression. He had decided to follow the advice of Myanmar Church officials, who said his use of the word could prompt a backlash against Christians and hurt Myanmar s fragile path to democracy. One of the women refugees told Reuters before the meeting:  Myanmar military captured me and some other women, tortured us. I still bleed, there is pain in the abdomen, my back hurts, I get headaches. Medicines have not helped much.    I will share my pain with him,  the woman as her young daughter clutched at her burqa garment. The pope spoke under a huge tent-like canopy held up by  bamboo poles and covered with red, white and scarlet fabric to guard against the afternoon sun. He had first visited the cathedral and then was taken to the tent in a flower-bedecked peddle rickshaw that a man pushed up the central aisle. In his address, Francis said:  Religious concern for the welfare of our neighbor, streaming from an open heart, flows outward like a vast river, to quench the dry and parched wastelands of hatred, corruption, poverty and violence that so damage human lives, tear families apart, and disfigure the gift of creation,  he said. The pope has called for decisive measures to resolve the political reasons that caused the refugee crisis and urged countries to help the Bangladesh government deal with it. Earlier this year from the Vatican, the pope twice defended the Rohingya by name, once saying that they had been  tortured, killed simply because they wanted to live their culture and their Muslim faith . The Myanmar military launched the crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts in August and says it is a legitimate counter-insurgency operation. ",1
13344,UK's Prince Harry and fiancee Markle delight crowd on first official walkabout,"NOTTINGHAM, England (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry and his American fiancee Meghan Markle delighted cheering crowds who braved the cold on Friday to watch the couple on their first official engagement together. Queen Elizabeth s grandson Harry, 33, fifth-in-line to the throne, and U.S. actress Markle, 36, previously best known for her leading role in U.S. legal drama  Suits , announced their engagement on Monday, igniting a transatlantic media frenzy. In the central English city of Nottingham, the pair, both wearing long navy overcoats, greeted hundreds of smiling well-wishers, some waving British and U.S. flags.  We love Harry, and Meghan - she looks beautiful doesn t she?  Betty Parker, 78, told Reuters as she waited to meet the couple.  We re so happy for them both,  Mary Cooper, 60, said.  We always come and see him whenever he comes here and it s lovely that he keeps coming to Nottingham and has sort of adopted this city.  The couple were visiting a charity fair to mark World Aids Day, an event particularly symbolic for Harry whose late mother Princess Diana is credited with playing an important role in breaking down the stigma that was attached to the disease.    The event, held by the Terrence Higgins Trust, remembers lives lost to HIV and marks the progress made in fighting it. Harry has become a prominent campaigner on the issue, following in the footsteps of Diana who opened Britain s first HIV/AIDS unit in London in 1987 and confronted stigma by kissing an AIDS patient during a hospital visit.  They are so wonderful together, and you can clearly see that there is an immense amount of love and adoration for each other from the personal point of view of course but also for the work that each other are involved in,  said HIV campaigner Chris O Hanlon, who met the couple at the event.     Afterwards, the couple went to Nottingham Academy to meet headteachers from local schools and hear about the Full Effect programme, an initiative supported by the charity of Harry, his elder brother Prince William and William s wife Kate, which seeks to deter children from becoming involved in violence. Markle, who has been a campaigner for several causes including work as a U.N women s advocate, is to give up her previous charity roles as she begins life in Britain s royal family, Harry s spokesman said on Tuesday. She was also keen to travel around Britain to get to know the country that will become her home as she intends to become a British citizen, the spokesman added.  The couple, who became engaged earlier this month at the cottage they share in the grounds of Kensington Palace in central London, are to be married next May in St George s Chapel at Windsor Castle, the family home of British kings and queens for almost 1,000 years.  This is good. I m excited to have some Americans in the royal family,  U.S. student Mark Arnold, who is studying at Nottingham University, told Reuters.  It s really nice, I m excited.  ",1
13345,"Fearing for post-Brexit prosperity and peace, farmers demand invisible Irish border","FLORENCECOURT, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Northern Irish sheep farmers like John Sheridan collectively transport more than 1,000 lambs a day over the Irish border for slaughter and shipment to shoppers across the European Union. At the moment, the process is seamless. But Sheridan sees a threat to his life s work, his family s future and even the settlement that ended years of violence in British-ruled Northern Ireland should checkpoints reappear after Brexit on the  invisible  frontier with the Irish Republic.       It s crazy, crazy stuff. It absolutely cannot happen here. There cannot be a border - and that s before even talking about the peace,  said Sheridan, a 56-year-old Protestant brought up in the pro-British unionist tradition.  Almost 18 months after Britain voted to leave the EU, the future of the only UK land frontier with the bloc after Brexit - and its role in sustaining about 20 years of fragile peace in Northern Ireland - is a major hurdle in the divorce talks. Armed with a power of veto, the Irish government says the negotiations cannot progress unless Britain agrees to keep customs regulations the same north and south. This, Dublin says, is the only way of avoiding a damaging return to border controls. Only road signs mark the frontier between the two member states of the EU s single market, within which goods and people move freely. Trucks like those carrying Sheridan s lambs rumble past the remains of disused checkpoints, built by the British army during three decades of political and sectarian violence that was settled by the 1998 peace deal. For Sheridan, any change after Brexit in March 2019 to this smooth, tariff-free movement of livestock and common standards in both jurisdictions could spell ruin for the business he is in the process of passing on to his three children.  If there s a hard border, we ll be pulling out. It will become a wasteland here,  said Sheridan, whose farm near the County Fermanagh village of Florencecourt lies only 3 km (2 miles) from the border. Sheridan, who belongs to a campaign group called  Border Communities against Brexit , has a warning for any politicians who upset the status quo.  Do you think I m going to let them ruin my business that took blood, sweat and tears to build, and ruin my family s future in our country that we want to live in? Do you think anybody s going to put up with that?  The economy of Ireland, north and south, has become deeply integrated since the single market s creation in 1993. This, along with peace, has transformed previously neglected border areas such as rural County Fermanagh which depends largely on tourism and agriculture. According to the Ulster Farmers  Union, 40 percent of all Northern Irish lambs are processed in the republic. A quarter of milk output also moves south, the Dairy UK trade body says, and around 60 percent of Northern Ireland s processing capacity is owned by dairy co-operatives from the republic. If common standards cease in areas such as labeling and product traceability, business north and south  will grind to a halt , Mike Johnston, Dairy UK s Northern Ireland Director, told a UK parliamentary committee earlier this year. The dismantling of military border posts was a vital aspect of the peace deal between Catholic nationalists seeking a united Ireland and Protestant unionists who wanted to keep Northern Ireland British. Over 3,600 died in the conflict. Already the province s government is suspended due to a row between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the nationalist Sinn Fein, which vehemently opposes a hard border. The parties have shared power under the 1998 settlement, and any rupture over the issue risks seriously upsetting the peace process. Britain says it will not contemplate the return of a hard border but a committee of UK lawmakers has found that this is inconsistent with its plans to leave the EU s single market and customs union. Room for any special arrangements for Northern Ireland is further limited as the minority Conservative government relies on the pro-Brexit DUP to prop it up in Westminster. The DUP has said it will not support any deal that makes the province operate under different rules from the rest of the UK or creates trade barriers between it and its biggest market. North-South trade has doubled since 1995, but the British economy is 14 times larger than the Irish Republic s. The Northern Ireland food and drink sector, for instance, relies on Britain for 73 percent of its sales. Despite Sheridan s misgivings, many of his fellow Protestants stand squarely behind the DUP. At the party s annual conference last month, supporters waving Union Jack flags belted out a rousing rendition of  God Save The Queen .  Brexit means Brexit, so we are going out,  William Gibson, a north Belfast businessman, said at the conference.  We are an integral part of the UK and it is most important that we are treated the same way as the rest of the UK.  The DUP was the only Northern Irish party to campaign for Brexit in last year s referendum, when 56 percent of voters in the province went against the national trend by opting to remain in the EU. Many of the 10 DUP lawmakers who hold the balance of power in London suspect Dublin s motives. They fear its proposals will boost the case for uniting the two sides of the border, as ultimately sought by their nationalist rivals. Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney assured unionists on Friday that his government was only trying to maintain the status quo,  and nothing else . The DUP, which also wants to maintain a soft border but has not spelled out how, has hinted it may withdraw its support for the government if Prime Minister Theresa May gives too much away. A delicate solution is therefore needed if EU leaders are to agree at a summit on Dec. 14-15 - one described by Dublin as having historic significance for the island - that sufficient progress has been made to move the Brexit talks onto a trade deal, as London wants.  This can be achieved, a report prepared by Belfast s Queen s University for the European Parliament found this week, but it added:  This process is entirely dependent not on technical solutions but on political will.  Sheridan will be watching closely from his farm in the Fermanagh constituency of DUP leader Arlene Foster. Dublin, he says, must hold a firm line.  There can be no turning back the clock.  ",1
13346,Factbox: Countdown to Brexit breakthrough?,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The next two weeks will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and free trade in the future. Following is a timeline of critical meetings and explanation of the key decisions that need to be taken. British Prime Minister Theresa May wants the EU to open the second phase of Brexit negotiations, concerning relations after Britain s withdrawal on March 30, 2019. The EU will only do that if there is  sufficient progress  in agreeing  divorce  terms, notably on three key issues: a financial settlement, guaranteed rights for EU citizens in Britain and a  soft border  with Ireland. A deal on money is effectively done, EU officials say, and they are close on citizens  rights, leaving Ireland the biggest headache outstanding. [nL8N1O06MU] [nL8N1O12A0] As part of the intricate  choreography  for a political deal, the EU set May an  absolute deadline  of Monday, Dec. 4, to provide new offers in time for the other EU leaders to approve a move to Phase 2 at a summit of the EU-27 on Friday, Dec. 15.  May is pushing for a simultaneous, reciprocal guarantee from the EU of a soft transition and future trade deal, which she may use to show Britons what her compromises have secured. The EU wants to have firm British offers which the 27 can discuss before leaders commit. The result is some complex dance steps: Mon, Dec. 4 - May lunches in Brussels with EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker and Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier. The latter says he plans a  joint report  on progress with the UK. Wed, Dec. 6 - Juncker chairs weekly European Commission meeting in the morning. After hearing Barnier, the Commission could say there is sufficient progress to move to Phase 2. Wed, Dec. 6 - At 3 p.m. (1400 GMT), EU-27 envoys meet to prepare decisions to be taken at EU-27 summit on Dec. 15   most significantly on opening talks on what happens after Brexit. Thur, Dec. 14 - May attends routine EU summit in Brussels, starting in the afternoon. Defense, foreign affairs on agenda. Fri, Dec. 15 - After May has left, EU-27 leaders hold summit. They could take one comprehensive decision on Phase 2 or break it down into separate ones on the transition and future ties. January - Outline of EU transition offer may be ready, under which Britain retains all its rights except voting in the bloc, and meets all its obligations until the end of 2020. [nL8N1MZ59A] February - After agreeing among the 27 their negotiating terms, EU may be ready to open talks with London on a free trade pact that Brussels likens to one it has with Canada. [nL8N1NL26Q] The EU estimated at some 60 billion euros ($71 billion) what Britain should pay to cover outstanding obligations on leaving. EU officials say there is now agreement after Britain offered to pay an agreed share of most of the items Brussels wanted   especially for committed spending that will go on after 2020. Both sides say there is no precise figure as much depends on future developments. British newspaper reports that it would cost up to 55 billion euros sparked only muted criticism from May s hardline pro-Brexit allies who once rejected big payments. Barnier is still seeking a commitment that the rights of 3 million EU citizens who stay on in Britain after Brexit will be guaranteed by the European Court of Justice, not just by British judges. May has said the ECJ should play no more role in Britain. But the issue could be vital to ensure ratification of the withdrawal treaty by the European Parliament. A compromise might focus on making clear that the ECJ has a role only for the existing EU residents, whose numbers will shrink over time. Member states, some of which have taken a tougher line than the Brussels negotiators, are also insisting Britain make concessions on family reunion rules and social benefits. The EU wants more detail on a British pledge to avoid a  hard border  at the new land frontier on the island of Ireland that might disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. London says the detail depends on the future trade agreement. EU officials say a hard border can be avoided only if rules remain identical on either side. Northern Ireland could stay in a customs union with the EU. But Britain, and May s crucial Northern Irish parliamentary allies, insist there should be no new barriers between Northern Ireland and the British mainland. The EU says that means the whole of the United Kingdom would then have to follow EU rules, something Brexit campaigners do not want. A British newspaper reported London was considering offering Northern Ireland more autonomy to set different rules. But at present, party feuding means the province has no government. Dublin says it may not be possible to reach a deal on sufficient progress by Monday but in the days after that. Ireland, with the blessing of the EU-27, says it will veto any move to Phase 2 if Britain s border offer is unsatisfactory. ",1
13347,Suspected al Qaeda fighters among four Syrians arrested in Netherlands: prosecutors,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Two men suspected of having fought for an al Qaeda-linked group in Syria were among four Syrian migrants arrested in the Netherlands, Dutch authorities said on Friday. The national prosecutor s office said in a statement that the two men were from 2012-2015 members of the Nusra Front, which the Dutch government designates as a terrorist group, and had traveled to the Netherlands as  refugees  in 2015. A third Syrian man was arrested in possession of four kilograms of marijuana while the fourth had traveled to the Netherlands using fake documents in 2017.  All four remain in custody, the statement said.  ",1
13348,U.S. firms push Washington to restart nuclear pact talks with Riyadh: sources,"RIYADH/DUBAI (Reuters) - U.S. firms attracted by Saudi Arabia s plans to build nuclear reactors are pushing Washington to restart talks with Riyadh on an agreement to help the kingdom develop atomic energy, three industry sources said.  Saudi Arabia has welcomed the lobbying, they said, though it is likely to worry regional rival Iran at a time when tensions are already high in the Middle East.  One of the sources also said Riyadh had told Washington it does not want to forfeit the possibility of one day enriching uranium - a process that can have military uses - though this is a standard condition of U.S. civil nuclear cooperation pacts.  They want to secure enrichment if down the line they want to do it,  the source, who is in contact with Saudi and U.S. officials, said before U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry holds talks in Riyadh early next week.  Another of the industry sources said Saudi Arabia and the United States had already held initial talks about a nuclear cooperation pact.  U.S. officials and Saudi officials responsible for nuclear energy issues declined to comment for this article. The sources did not identify the U.S. firms involved in the lobbying.  Under Article 123 of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act, a peaceful cooperation agreement is required for the transfer of nuclear materials, technology and equipment.  In previous talks, Saudi Arabia has refused to sign up to any agreement with the United States that would deprive the kingdom of the possibility of one day enriching uranium.       Saudi Arabia, the world s top oil producer, says it wants nuclear power solely for peaceful uses - to produce electricity at home so that it can export more crude. It has not yet acquired nuclear power or enrichment technology. Riyadh sent a request for information to nuclear reactor suppliers in October in a first step towards opening a multi-billion-dollar tender for two nuclear power reactors, and plans to award the first construction contract in 2018.  Reuters has reported that Westinghouse is in talks with other U.S.-based companies to form a consortium for the bid. A downturn in the U.S. nuclear industry makes business abroad increasingly valuable for American firms. Reactors need uranium enriched to around 5 percent purity but the same technology in this process can also be used to enrich the heavy metal to a higher, weapons-grade level. This has been at the heart of Western and regional concerns over the nuclear work of Iran, which enriches uranium domestically. Riyadh s main reason to leave the door open to enrichment in the future may be political - to ensure the Sunni Muslim kingdom has the same possibility of enriching uranium as Shi ite Muslim Iran, industry sources and analysts say. Saudi Arabia s position poses a potential problem for the United States, which has strengthened ties with the kingdom under President Donald Trump. Washington usually requires a country to sign a nuclear cooperation pact - known as a 123 agreement - that forfeits steps in fuel production with potential bomb-making uses.  Doing less than this would undermine U.S. credibility and risk the increased spread of nuclear weapons capabilities to Saudi Arabia and the region,  said David Albright, a former U.N. weapons inspector and president of the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS). It is not clear whether Riyadh will raise the issue during Perry s visit, which one of the industry sources said could include discussion of nuclear export controls. Under a nuclear deal Iran signed in 2015 with world powers - but which Trump has said he might pull the United States out of - Tehran can enrich uranium to around the level needed for commercial power-generation.  It would be  a huge change of policy  for Washington to allow Saudi Arabia the right to enrich uranium, said Mark Fitzpatrick, executive director of the Americas office at the International Institute for Strategic Studies think tank.  Applying the  golden standard  of not allowing enrichment or preprocessing (of spent fuel) has held up a 123 agreement with Jordan for many years, and has been a key issue in U.S. nuclear cooperation with South Korea,  said Fitzpatrick, a nuclear policy expert. The United States is likely to aim for restrictions, non-proliferation analysts say. These could be based on those included in the 123 agreement Washington signed in 2009 with the United Arab Emirates, which is set to start up its first South Korean-built reactor in 2018 and has ruled out enrichment and reprocessing.  Perhaps Saudi Arabia is testing the Trump administration and seeing if the administration would be amenable to fewer restrictions in a 123 agreement,  ISIS s Albright said. Saudi Arabia s nuclear plans have gained momentum as part of a reform plan led by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to reduce the economy s dependence on oil. Riyadh wants eventually to install up to 17.6 gigawatts (GW) of atomic capacity by 2032 - or up to 17 reactors. This is a promising prospect for the struggling global nuclear industry and the United States is expected to face competition from South Korea, Russia, France and China for the initial tender. Hashim bin Abdullah Yamani, head of the Saudi government agency tasked with the nuclear plans, has said the kingdom wants to tap its own uranium resources for  self-sufficiency in producing nuclear fuel  and that this is economically viable. As a nuclear conference in October, Saudi officials declined to comment when asked to expand on the topic. In 2015, before the Iran deal was signed, Prince Turki al-Faisal, a senior Saudi royal and former intelligence chief, said Riyadh would want the option to enrich uranium if Tehran had it. In October, Maher al-Odan, the chief atomic energy officer of KACARE, said Saudi Arabia had around 60,000 tonnes of uranium based on initial studies and that the kingdom wanted to start extracting it to boost the economy. Asked what would happen to the uranium after that, he replied:  This is a government decision.     ",1
13349,Russian bombers hit targets in Syria's Deir al-Zor province,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six Russian long-range bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province, RIA news agency cited the Russian Defence Ministry as saying on Friday. ",1
13350,Egyptian billionaire denounces Saudi corruption crackdown,"ROME (Reuters) - Egyptian billionaire businessman Naguib Sawiris condemned on Friday a crackdown on graft in Saudi Arabia, saying the purge had undermined the rule of law in the Kingdom and would deter investment. In unusually outspoken comments, Sawiris, a well-known business figure in North Africa and the Middle East, also accused Qatar of destabilizing the region, and said there were only a handful of Arab nations that were safe to invest in. Saudi security forces rounded up dozens of members of the country s political and business elite last month on the orders of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in what was billed as a war on rampant corruption. Sawiris, whose family s Orascom businesses have interests ranging from construction to telecommunications, said influential figures should stand up to the Crown Prince, whom he referred to as  this young man .  We need to tell him  no . There is the rule of law and order. You have a transparent process. Where is the court? What is the evidence? Who is the judge?  he told a conference in Rome, questioning the Crown Prince s motives.  Are you not part of this? Where did you get your money? Didn t you do this? What is the system?  he said. Prince Mohammed has said Saudi Arabia needs to modernize and has warned that without reform, the economy will sink into a crisis that could fan unrest. Critics say his purge is aimed at shoring up his own power base, which the Saudi government denies. Sawiris said  everyone with a conscience  should speak out, but added that many were too frightened to do so.  Everyone is scared because they have interests there, they have the oil, they have the money. But you need to have a conscience. When I say this, I know I am done-for in Saudi Arabia. No more business (there). Ok, I don t care.  A monthly Reuters poll published on Thursday showed Middle East fund managers had become more positive towards Saudi Arabian equities after an initial market sell-off following the launch of the anti-graft drive. But Sawiris, who is not known to have major investments in Saudi Arabia, predicted business leaders would steer clear of the country in future.  I think after what happened in Saudi Arabia, no one will invest there,  he said. Sawiris also took aim at Iran, accusing the country of interfering in the affairs of its neighbors. He likewise denounced Qatar, saying it was funding terror groups.  Why don t they take care of the prosperity of their own people instead of financing crazy clergymen who push young men to go and kill?  he said. A group of Arab nations led by Saudi Arabia and Egypt cut ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of fomenting instability. Qatar, a tiny Gulf state, has denied supporting militants. Asked where was safe to invest in the Arab world, Sawiris mentioned Egypt, Morocco, Tunisia, Jordan and Sudan, but jokingly dismissed Lebanon.   The problem with Lebanon is they are all sharks and they leave nothing to anyone. Only a crazy person would invest in Lebanon,  he said. ",1
13351,Three migrants die in boat accident off Morocco: official,"RABAT (Reuters) - At least 3 migrants, two of them women, died when their boat sank off Morocco late on Thursday, a Moroccan official said on Friday. Four migrants from sub-Saharan countries were rescued and were being treated in a Moroccan hospital, a hospital source who asked for anonymity said. A navy search operation for other possible survivors was underway, the official said. Another 28 people who were on their boat are still missing, Joel Millman, a spokesman for the U.N. International Organization for Migration said.  Millman said 174 people have already died on the route between North Africa and Spain this year, up from 121 in the same period of 2017, while the number of people arriving in Spain has reached 19,668 by Nov. 29. Morocco is, like other North African countries, a departure point for African migrants heading in makeshift boats for Europe.  ",1
13352,Nine killed as burqa-clad Taliban attack Pakistani college,"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani Taliban gunmen disguised in all-enveloping burqas stormed the campus of an agricultural college in Pakistan on Friday, killing at least nine people and wounding 35, police and hospital officials said. Police and army troops summoned to the scene killed all of the attackers at the Agriculture Training Institute in the northwestern city of Peshawar about two hours into the attack, the military s press wing said. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility, saying in a message from spokesman Mohammad Khorasani that they had targeted a safe house of the military s Inter-Services Intelligence agency. The gunmen arrived at the campus in an auto-rickshaw, disguised in the burqas worn by many women in the region, Peshawar police chief Tahir Khan said. They shot and wounded a guard before entering the campus, he said. A wounded student, Ahteshan ul-Haq, told Reuters the university hostel usually houses nearly 400 students, but most had gone home for a long holiday weekend and only about 120 students remained.  We were sleeping when we heard gunshots. I got up and within seconds everybody was running and shouting  the Taliban have attacked ,  he said. The Pakistani Taliban later released a video showing the attack, recorded with what appeared to be a body-mounted camera. In it, one of the gunmen raced into a building shouting  Allahu Akbar!  and firing his weapon as he went room to room searching for students. The militants also issued photos of the attackers, who they said were from nearby Swat Valley, singing with the movement s fugitive leader, Mullah Fazlullah, before their mission. Shehzad Akbar, medical director of Hayatabad Medical Complex, said six people died of their wounds and 18 were being treated. Another three people died at Khyber Teaching Hospital and 17 wounded were there, director Nekdad Afridi said.   In December 2014, Pakistani Taliban gunmen killed 134 children at Peshawar s Army Public School, one of the single deadliest attacks in the country s history. The Pakistani Taliban are fighting to topple the government and install a strict interpretation of Islamic law. They are loosely allied with the Afghan Taliban insurgents who ruled most of Afghanistan until they were overthrown by U.S.-backed military action in 2001.  ",1
13353,Turkey seeks arrest of ex-CIA officer over suspected coup links: Hurriyet,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities have issued an arrest warrant for a former officer of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) over suspected links to last year s failed coup, the Hurriyet daily said on Friday, in a further blow to troubled U.S.-Turkey ties. The Istanbul prosecutor s office is seeking the detention of Graham Fuller, former vice chairman of the National Intelligence Council and CIA officer in Turkey, on suspicion that he helped to plan the July 2016 coup attempt, Hurriyet said. It said prosecutors had also issued an arrest warrant for Henri Barkey, a prominent Turkey scholar based in the United States, on suspicion of involvement in planning the coup.  The Istanbul prosecutor s office declined to comment on the matter. Neither Fuller nor Barkey could immediately be reached for comment. The arrest warrants, if confirmed, will put further strain on relations between NATO allies Turkey and the United States, already at loggerheads over a wide range of issues. Hurriyet said Turkish authorities believed Fuller had left Turkey after the abortive coup, in which rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and helicopters in an attempt to oust President Tayyip Erdogan and his government.  It said the warrant marked the first time that Turkish authorities have been able to confirm Fuller s whereabouts before and after the putsch. Erdogan accuses U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen and his supporters of organizing the coup, in which more than 250 people were killed. Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan, has condemned the coup and denies any involvement. Turkey has asked the United States to extradite Gulen for trial but U.S. officials say it has failed to provide sufficient evidence to justify such a move, infuriating Erdogan. Turkish authorities have shut down businesses, media outlets and schools belonging to Gulen and have sacked or suspended some 150,000 people including soldiers, journalists, academics and judges over their possible links to his network. Nearly 50,000 people suspected of involvement in the coup have been jailed.     Human rights groups and some Western politicians have accused Erdogan of using the crackdown to muzzle dissent in Turkey, but the government says the purges are necessary due to the gravity of the security threats it faces. ",1
13354,Russian parliament to discuss ban on access for U.S. media: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian lawmakers are to discuss a proposal to bar representatives of U.S. media organizations from accessing the lower house of parliament, RIA news agency quoted the chair of one of the chamber s committees as saying. Olga Savastyanova, who chairs the chamber s rules and regulations committee, said her committee would consider a resolution containing the proposal next Monday. It would be put forward for approval of the chamber, known as the State Duma, on Tuesday or Wednesday, according to RIA.  It s a ban on journalists who represent American media, all American media, visiting the State Duma,  RIA quoted Savastyanova as saying. She represents the ruling United Russia party, which holds a majority of the seats in the chamber. U.S. authorities have designated Kremlin-funded broadcaster RT as a  foreign agent,  after intelligence officials alleged it tried to meddle in the U.S. presidential election last year. RT denies that. The Kremlin has pledged to retaliate in kind. At the weekend, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law allowing the Russian authorities to designate some foreign media as  foreign agents.  The move to deny U.S. journalists access to the State Duma was a response to a similar move in Washington, RIA quoted Savastyanova as saying. RT on Wednesday night published a letter from the Executive Committee of the Congressional Radio And Television Correspondents Gallery saying the channel s Congressional press credentials had been withdrawn due to its registration as a foreign agent in the United States. That means RT s reporters will not be able to have as much access to Congress as other foreign media.  ",1
13355,U.S. Russia envoy cancels trip saying Russian officials won't meet him,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman has been forced to cancel a planned trip to Russia s Far East next week because senior regional officials could not find time to meet him, the U.S. Embassy to Russia said in a statement on Friday. The United States has a consulate in Vladivostok in the Russian Far East and the embassy said his planned visit was part of a series of trips to places where the U.S. hoped to resume consular operations which were suspended earlier this year amid a diplomatic dispute. ",1
13356,"Syrian Kurds hold local elections, press on with autonomy plans","QAMISHLI, Syria (Reuters) - Kurdish-led authorities held local elections on Friday in areas they control in northern Syria, pushing ahead with autonomy plans opposed by both the government of President Bashar al-Assad and by Turkey. Kurdish forces and their political allies now hold the largest part of Syria outside the grip of Assad s government. They have captured vast territory from Islamic State with the support of U.S. arms, jets and ground advisers, although Washington opposes their autonomy drive. Kurdish leaders say their goal is to establish self-rule within Syria, not secession. But their influence has infuriated Ankara, which considers the Kurdish YPG militia to be an offshoot of the banned Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) that has run a decades-long insurgency in Turkey. Assad has vowed to recover every inch of the country, as his territorial grip expanded rapidly over the past two years with help from Russia and Iran. Damascus has more forcefully asserted its claim to territory held by Kurdish-led forces in recent months. The head of Syria s delegation to U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva, Bashar al-Ja afari, rejected the election, repudiating  any unilateral act that happens without coordination  with Damascus.   Since Syria s conflict began more than six years ago, the dominant Kurdish parties have been left out of international diplomacy in line with Turkish wishes. They were excluded again from U.N.-led peace talks which reconvened in Geneva this week.  Hadiya Yousef, a senior Kurdish politician, said the Kurdish-led administration would not be bound by decisions taken in its absence.  We are not present in these meetings, and therefore we are developing the solution on the ground,  Yousef told Reuters. Peace talks would not  arrive at solutions  so long as they do not involve those running 30 percent of the country, she added. Voters are picking from close to 6,000 candidates for town and city councils on Friday, the second part of a three-stage process that will culminate in electing a parliament early next year. They chose representatives for smaller-scale district councils in September.  Everyone should take part (in the election) because this is the fate of the entire region,  said Sheikhmous Qamishlo, a 65-year-old Syrian Kurd at a polling station in Qamishli.  This is a new experience, we wish it success,  he said, and described casting his vote as a  national duty .    The election was being monitored by a small group of politicians from other countries in the Middle East, Yousef said, including a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party which runs the autonomous Kurdish region in neighboring Iraq. Yousef said the Iraqi Kurdish official s presence was  a kind of recognition  of the Syrian Kurdish political project. The Iraqi Kurdish authorities, whose own plans for independence were met with a swift backlash from states in the region in the past two months, have previously been hostile to the Syrian Kurdish parties. ",1
13357,Zimbabwe court postpones former finmin Chombo bail hearing-state radio,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court has postponed former finance minister Ignatius Chombo s bail hearing to next Tuesday, state radio reported on Friday. The High Court had been due to sit for the hearing on Friday. Chombo, detained by the military before Robert Mugabe resigned as president, is accused of corruption, including trying to defraud the central bank in 2004.  His lawyer says Chombo will deny the allegations at his trial.   ",1
13358,"Charity shop customers leave empty-handed, refugees benefit","LONDON (Reuters) - Customers at a new charity shop in London walk away empty-handed and any money they spend goes to assist refugees in Europe and the Middle East. The  Choose Love  shop, run by the charity Help Refugees, displays products ranging from warm clothing to cooking equipment in London s central Soho district, the use of which was donated to the charity free of charge.  It s easy to forget how lucky we are to have a bed, a blanket and a roof over our heads. For thousands of refugees this winter, these basic human needs are completely out of reach,  Josie Naughton, CEO of Help Refugees said in a statement. The products on display are all items that the charity distributes to refugees in its field operations. Items range in price from  4.99 ($6.70) to  499. The charity said it would spend its customers  money raised for specific items on identical or similar products to send to refugees. A spokesman added they may need to balance what they fund if consumers bought too many or too few of certain items. ($1 = 0.7414 pounds) ",1
13359,Turks flock to social media for gold trader sanctions case,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Allegations of wrongdoing by Turkey s political and financial leaders have transfixed the country this week, but with some newspapers focusing instead on courtroom conspiracies and clothes, many Turks have been left hungry for news.  Casual chic on the 2nd day , read HaberTurk newspaper s front page story after main witness Reza Zarrab told a New York court that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan authorized a transaction in a scheme to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions.  On the second day of the trial, Reza Zarrab was not wearing a prison uniform and was casual chic in his white shirt and dark blazer,  HaberTurk said. Like other publications, HaberTurk stepped nimbly around the substantive issues. Erdogan has presided over a crackdown in areas from judiciary to media since a failed coup last year with a number of journalists jailed. He has also frequently taken court action against those he deems have insulted him. Zarrab is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors in the criminal trial of a Turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder money for Iran. The executive has pleaded not guilty. Erdogan, who has governed Turkey for almost 15 years, has not yet responded to courtroom claims; but had already dismissed the case as a politically inspired attempt to bring down the Turkish government.  He says the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara for the failed military coup and known by Turkish authorities as FETO, was also behind the court case.   The pro-government daily Star branded the case  American Theater  on its front page.  Zarrab plot trial is a political show staged by FETO together with judges, prosecutors and experts who are all Neo-cons and enemies of Turkey.   The limited or skeptical coverage of the case has encouraged curious Turks to take to Twitter, where hashtags such as #Zarrabcase and #Zarrabkonusuyor (Zarrab is speaking) became top trending topics late on Wednesday and Thursday. Since the trial started this week there have been hundreds of thousands of tweets, retweets and replies with Zarrab-related hashtags on Twitter.  You can t see it on televisions or newspapers here. They either cut feeds or don t mention it,  said Oguzcan Gundogmus, a 24-year-old PhD student, as he sipped tea in central Ankara.  The court case has reverberated on the streets.  Spill the beans, my son!  one elderly protester urged Zarrab at a women s demonstration in Istanbul last weekend.  But most of the focus has been online. Followers of journalists tweeting from inside the courtroom surged over the past two days, more than 20-fold in some cases. One court reporter s tweets are being simultaneously translated into Turkish and followed by 10,000 people so far. Zarrab said in court he bribed several officials in Turkey as part of his scheme.  I am surprised the government hasn t still banned Twitter. Me and my friends stay up at nights and follow the case there, we even make popcorn like it s a movie night, and we call the case  Lord of the Bribes,  said Mehmet Baglar, a 34-year-old engineer. ",1
13360,Syrian rebels down army helicopter in southwest: Observatory,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian insurgents brought down an army helicopter in southwest Syria on Friday, near the Israel-occupied Golan Heights, a war monitoring group said.  The Syrian military could not immediately be reached for comment.  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the aircraft went down in government territory southwest of Damascus after a missile hit it. Rebels are fighting Syrian government forces in the vicinity.  Two Syrian army officers from the helicopter s crew died, the Britain-based monitor said.  ",1
13361,Germany withdraws diplomat from North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Germany is withdrawing a third diplomat from its embassy in North Korea over increasing concerns about Pyongyang s missile program, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday, a day after Pyongyang test fired a new missile. North Korea said on Wednesday it had successfully tested a powerful new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Berlin strongly condemned the test as a violation of international law.  Speaking in Washington after meeting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Gabriel said he had offered support for taking a tough line towards Pyongyang.   He wants our support for their efforts to pursue a hardline position vis a vis North Korea, and he has it. But it s our job to decide what we will do in diplomatic channels.  Two diplomats had already been withdrawn from the German embassy in Pyongyang, and a third was being pulled out now, Gabriel said. Germany was also demanding North Korea reduce its diplomatic presence in Germany. Gabriel said Washington had not demanded that Germany, one of seven European countries with embassies in North Korea, shut its mission or withdraw its ambassador. It was not Germany s desire to shut down its embassy, he said, but added:  that doesn t mean we are ruling it out.   Gabriel said Germany would discuss North Korea options with fellow European countries to determine  whether it s necessary to further increase the diplomatic pressure.  U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States had called on countries to scale back or cut ties with North Korea as part of an effort to pressure Pyongyang to give up its weapons programs.  If they would be willing to close their missions in North Korea altogether, that is also something we would be supportive of,  she said, while adding that Tillerson had not specifically asked in his meeting with Gabriel for Germany to recall its ambassador. Gabriel also told reporters that he had no information about reports that the White House planned to replace Tillerson, noting that he had already scheduled another meeting with Tillerson for next week. U.S. officials said on Thursday the White House had developed a plan for CIA director Mike Pompeo to replace Tillerson within weeks. ",1
13362,"Quake hits southeast Iran, destroys homes; no fatalities reported","ANKARA (Reuters) - A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.0 struck southeastern Iran on Friday, injuring at least 42 people and destroying several homes in an area where most people live in villages of mud-walled homes. State media said no deaths had been reported. Rescue workers, special teams with sniffer dogs and units of Iran s Revolutionary Guards and Basij militia forces were sent to the quake-hit areas in Kerman province, Iran s semi-official Fars news agency said. State TV said many residents rushed out of houses in Kerman city and nearby villages and towns, fearing more tremors after some 51 aftershocks following the 6:32 a.m. (0232 GMT) quake.  The quake destroyed some houses in 14 villages but so far there has been no fatalities,  a local official told state TV.  Fortunately no deaths have been reported so far.  The quake struck less than three weeks after a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit villages and towns in Iran s western Kermansheh province along the mountainous border with Iraq, killing 530 people and injuring thousands of others.  The U.S. Geological Survey said Friday s quake, at first reported as magnitude 6.3, was centered 36 miles (58 km) northeast of Kerman city, which has a population of more than 821,000. The quake was very shallow, at a depth of 6.2 miles (10 km), which would have amplified the shaking in the poor, sparsely populated area. Head of Relief and Rescue Organization of Iran s Red Crescent Morteza Salimi told state television that at least 42 people were injured. Iran s state news agency IRNA said most of those hurt had minor injuries.   Assessment teams are surveying the earthquake-stricken areas and villages in Kerman province,  IRNA quoted local official Mohammadreza Mirsadeqi as saying.   Iran s semi-official Tasnim news agency said the quake had caused heavy damage in Hojedk town and some villages were hit by power and water cuts.  State TV aired footage of damaged buildings in remote mountainous villages near Hojedk town, the epicenter of the earthquake with a population of 3,000 people. TV said coal mines in the area had been closed because of aftershocks.  Iran s Red Crescent said emergency shelter, food and water had been sent to the quake-hit areas.  Criss-crossed by several major fault lines, Iran is one of the most earthquake-prone countries in the world. In 2003, a magnitude 6.6 quake in Kerman province killed 31,000 people and flattened the ancient city of Bam. ",1
13363,"Hungary PM Orban, U.S. financier Soros clash as elections loom","BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday he would use all means necessary, including secret services, to combat what he called efforts to undermine him by U.S. financier George Soros. Soros said in a video that Hungary under Orban was more oppressive than it was during the Cold War Soviet occupation.  He cannot reach me, but he exploits and oppresses the people who are in opposition in Hungary.   The spat marks a new high in the conflict between Orban and Soros, allies in dismantling Communism during the 1980s who have grown apart. Soros has described Orban as a dangerous autocrat while Orban accuses the financier of interference in Hungarian politics through its support of opposition groups.  We want a different future, and...it was my duty to enlist all possible tools of the state, including intelligence, the secret services, legal and public debate,  Orban said in an interview.  Therefore we ordered an intelligence report on the composition, workings and Hungarian and European influence of this Soros machinery.  Orban told public radio that Hungarian secret services had completed a report this week about a network of non-government organizations and other groups funded by Soros in Hungary and in Europe. He did not disclose its findings. At the heart of their conflict is immigration, which Orban rejects as an existential threat to the continent, while Soros has promoted a more lenient policy mix, including controlled immigration and aid to migrants in Europe and at home. The ruling Fidesz party faces elections in April next year, and Orban - a strong favorite for a third consecutive term - said he expected Soros to work on behalf of his pro-immigration opponents.  They will support publications, do propaganda, strengthen civil groups, and pay hundreds, thousands of people.   By election time they will establish  civil centers  which will work like campaigning parties, meaning the Soros network has entered the Hungarian election campaign.  Daniel Makonnen, a spokesman for Soros  Open Society Foundations (OSF) in Budapest, told Reuters that OSF planned  two new funding centers in the east and south of the country. The centers, in the cities of Debrecen and Pecs, will make grants of a total of $1 million each this year and next for local education, health care and anti-poverty programs, he said. Immigration or electoral politics will not be on their agenda, nor will they open more branches, Makonnen added.  We have differences we cannot bridge because he considers us enemies,  Soros said of Orban in a video message which surfaced online after Orban s interview on Friday.  I have no personal grudge but a difference in principle. I oppose his system.  A government spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Soros s latest remarks. Soros said Orban wanted to expel his organizations.  I think the current system is more oppressive than it was during the Russian occupation.  ",1
13364,Rohingya who says she was raped in Myanmar hopes pope can help find justice,"DHAKA (Reuters) - A 27-year-old Rohingya Muslim woman refugee from Myanmar will meet Pope Francis on Friday in the hope he can help her find justice for the abuse she says she suffered at the hands of Myanmar soldiers, including rape. Pope Francis, visiting both Myanmar and Bangladesh this week, has called for decisive measures to resolve the political reasons that caused Rohingya to flee from Myanmar and urged help for Bangladesh to deal with and influx of some 625,000 refugees since late August. The pope will hear first hand, from the woman and other Rohingya, the sort of accounts that have led to accusations from the United Nations that majority-Buddhist Myanmar has waged a policy of ethnic cleansing against the Muslim minority, including killings and rape.  They captured me and some other women, tortured us,  the woman told Reuters in the office of an aid group in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka.  I still bleed, there is pain in the abdomen, my back hurts, I get headaches. Medicines have not helped much,  the woman said as her young daughter clutched at her black burqa. Myanmar s army has denied all accusations of rape and killings by the security forces. It said an internal investigation found no evidence of rape or killings by the security forces. The woman identified herself but Reuters is not publishing her name, or that of her husband, who was with her in Dhaka as she gave her account. The couple said they fled from their village in Myanmar s Rakhine State in late August, soon after the army launched a crackdown following attacks on security posts by Rohingya militants. The woman said that on the fourth day of her 17-day-trek to the safety of a refugee camp in Bangladesh, she was raped by Myanmar soldiers after she got separated briefly from her husband.  I will share my pain with him,  the woman said of the pope, referring to him the  head of the Christians .  Her husband sighed as she narrated how she was raped along with nearly a dozen other women by a stream.  I will tell him about the stinking bodies we saw on our way to Bangladesh. I want him to recognize us as Rohingya. I want my torturers to be punished,  she said. New York-based rights group Human Rights Watch this month accused Myanmar security forces of committing widespread rape as part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing. The United States has said the campaign by Myanmar s military included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing .  The pope celebrated a huge outdoor Mass on Friday to ordain new priests from Bangladesh on his first full day in the country after arriving from Myanmar. In calls for peace in Myanmar, he did not use the word Rohingya to describe members of the Muslim minority. The term   is contested by the Yangon government and military. Most Rohingya are stateless and they are regarded in Myanmar as illegal immigrants form Bangladesh. The Rohingya refugees who will meet the pope on Friday said they could not risk going back to their homeland without assurances for their safety.  We should be recognized as bona-fide citizens of Myanmar, we should be assured life-long security, we should be allowed to pursue higher education, only then we can go back,  said the woman s husband.  I want justice for my wife.  ",1
13365,Islamic State seizes new Afghan foothold after luring Taliban defectors,"JAWZJAN, Afghanistan/KABUL (Reuters) - When a Taliban commander defected to Islamic State in northern Afghanistan a few months ago, his men and the foreign fighters he invited in started to enslave local women and set up a bomb-making school for 300 children, officials and residents said. The mini-caliphate established six months ago in two districts of Jawzjan province marks a new inroad in Afghanistan by Islamic State (IS), which is claiming more attacks even as its fighters suffer heavy losses in Iraq and Syria. Qari Hekmat, a prominent Taliban leader in Jawzjan, switched allegiance around six months ago, according to local people who have since fled, raising the movement s black flag over the local mosque and forcing residents to swear fealty to IS s leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi.  They started killing a lot of people and warned others to cooperate,  said Baz Mohammad, who fled Darz Aab district after his 19-year-old son was recruited into IS at the local mosque. IS in Jawzjan has now attracted the attention of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, which will launch an offensive in the north in the next few days, U.S. Army General John Nicholson said on Tuesday.  U.S. air strikes and special forces have been pounding the main Afghan foothold of IS fighters in the eastern province of Nangarhar, but that has not prevented the movement from stepping up attacks. IS has claimed at least 15 bombings and other attacks in Afghanistan this year, including two in Kabul last month, killing at least 188 people. The number of attacks is up from just a couple nationwide last year.  It is unclear whether the all the attacks claimed by IS were carried out by the group, or linked to its central leadership in the Middle East. Afghan intelligence officials say some of the attacks may in fact have been carried out by the Taliban or its allied Haqqani network and opportunistically claimed by IS. Yet the sheer number of attacks plus the targeting of Shi ite mosques, an IS hallmark, indicates the movement is gaining some strength, though their links to the leadership in the Middle East remain murky. Some analysts see IS as an umbrella term covering groups of fighters in Nangarhar s mountains, armed gangs in northern Afghanistan and suicide bombers in Kabul. Little is known about what ties them together.  IS in Afghanistan never was such a solid, coherent organization, even from the beginning,  said Borhan Osman, an International Crisis Group analyst. In Jawzjan, Islamic State gained its pocket of territory in much the same way it did in Nangarhar - through defection of an established militant commander.  Hekmat s Taliban fighters had long held sway in Darz Aab and Qushtepa districts, with the Afghan government having little control, residents who fled to Shiberghan, some 120 km away (75 miles), told Reuters. But when Hekmat had a falling-out with the central Taliban leadership and switched allegiance, his men were joined by about 400 IS-affiliated fighters from China, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Pakistan, Chechnya and elsewhere, according to Darz Aab s district chief, Baz Mohammad Dawar. Foreign militants have long operated in the border areas of Afghanistan, and in Jawzjan they had typically moved from place to place, occasionally cooperating with the Taliban. But once they came to stay, life changed for the worse, according to three families and local officials who spoke to Reuters, even by the war-weary standards of Afghanistan.  IS took our women as slaves, or forcefully made them marry a fighter. The Taliban never did that,  said Sayed Habibullah, a Darz Aab resident.  The Taliban had mercy and we spoke the same language, but IS fighters are foreigners, much more brutal and barbaric.  The fighters also forced some 300 children into IS training.  In the school, IS allocated two classes for the children to learn about guns and bombs,  said Ghawsuddin, a former headmaster in Darz Aab who, like many Afghans, goes by one name. Islamic State emerged in Afghanistan more than two years ago, when members of the Pakistani Taliban swore allegiance to  the relatively new global Islamist movement that at the time had seized vast swathes of Iraq and Syria. By June 2015, newly IS-aligned fighters had crossed into Afghanistan and seized around half a dozen districts in Nangarhar, scorching Taliban poppy fields and forcing them to flee. (reut.rs/2j2l6Oy) Soon after, U.S. forces began air strikes and dispatched special forces to assist Afghan troops in fighting Islamic State  - also known by the Arabic acronym Daesh. Nicholson, the commander of NATO-led forces in Afghanistan, said on Tuesday that some 1,400 operations had been conducted against IS since March,  removing over 1,600  from the battlefield and cutting off their outside finance and support.   Daesh has been unable to establish a caliphate in Afghanistan,  Nicholson said, adding  We see no evidence of fighters making their way from Iraq and Syria to Afghanistan, because they know if they come here they will face death. . Even if IS is not bringing in new fighters - though that remains a fear - it is another obstacle to Afghan security after 16 years of war against the Taliban.  Whether it is Islamic State or Taliban, they are our enemy,  said Jawzjan police chief Faqir Mohammad Jawzjani.  And they have to be eliminated.  ",1
13366,President Xi says China will not export its political system,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will not export its political system, President Xi Jinping told a forum for foreign political groups on Friday, as the ruling Communist Party seeks to boost its global image and take a more assertive international role. China s state media has this year touted the annual inter-party meeting as a  high-level dialogue  with Xi speaking at it for the first time. Xi told the forum s opening session China was  struggling for the cause of human progress  and it would bring benefits to every country in the world, according to state television.  We will not import other countries  models, and will not export the China model,  Xi said.  We will provide more opportunities for the world through our development,  he said. The official Xinhua news agency has said that representatives from hundreds of political parties in more than 120 countries have registered for the four-day meeting, though it has not provided a full list. Myanmar s leader Aung San Suu Kyi, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen and Tony Parker, treasurer of the U.S. Republican National Committee, were among attendees who spoke at the forum s opening. At a Chinese Communist Party (CPP) congress in October, where Xi cemented his power, he laid out a confident vision for a proud and prosperous China in a  new era  under his leadership.  At the time, he also called on the Communist Party, as the world s biggest political party with 89 million members, to have a  big image . China has expanded the reach of its foreign policy and military under Xi, whose  diplomatic thought  has been credited domestically with transcending 300 years of Western international relations theory and serving as a marker of China s growing soft power. But concern abroad about China using its influence to sway foreign business, academic, and political institutions have grown in tandem. Some foreign business has been alarmed by the increased push for influence by Communist Party units in their operations and joint ventures, and international publishers have sparked academic freedom controversies by pulling content that offends Beijing.  Jude Blanchette, an expert on China s Communist Party at The Conference Board s China Center for Economics and Business in Beijing, said Xi and the party had been re-articulating the idea of a  China solution  for governments around the world.  In isolation, the meeting will be forgotten by next week, but it s a small piece in a much larger strategy to rebrand the CCP from a reactive organization on the wrong side of history into a political force at the center of the global conversation,  Blanchette said. ",1
13367,"Exclusive: Former top Brazil prosecutor says successor, police chief slowing graft probes","BRASILIA (Reuters) - Three senior Brazilian law enforcement officials, including the former prosecutor general, said new leaders of the federal police and prosecutors  offices are curbing an anti-corruption drive that challenged centuries of impunity in Latin America s biggest country. Rodrigo Janot, who until mid-September was Brazil s prosecutor general and remains an influential senior prosecutor, told Reuters this week he believes that President Michel Temer, whom he charged on three different counts of corruption, appointed a new head of federal police specifically to  divert   graft investigations. Separately, two other senior law enforcement officials said that Raquel Dodge, Janot s replacement as prosecutor general, told some senior prosecutors in the capital Brasilia to shift away from corruption probes and stop talking publicly about anti-graft efforts. In a statement, the president s office said the police chief was appointed after consultations with the police force. It criticized any suggestions the new director would hinder investigations.  Only someone ill-informed or ill-intentioned could suppose that interference in investigations is possible,  Temer s office said. A spokeswoman for Dodge said the new prosecutor general was vigorously combating corruption on numerous fronts. Fernando Segovia, the new police director, in an email to Reuters said his office will strengthen the fight against corruption. Brazil s crackdown on graft in recent years led to dozens of convictions of senior politicians, government officials and corporate executives, inspiring many Brazilians to believe that a longstanding culture of impunity was changing.  It also helped spawn similar crackdowns elsewhere in Latin America. But in Brazil, where Congress recently shielded Temer from charges, some investigators and prosecutors say that elected officials are finding ways to outmaneuver them, especially as they seek, before elections next year, to retain seats that give them constitutional safeguards against prosecution. The sprawling nature of many of Brazil s inquiries, conducted by investigators in dozens of far-flung offices, would make any concerted effort to derail them difficult, corruption experts said. But Janot s dissent, and growing criticism expressed by other senior officials, reveal a growing rift at the top levels of Brazilian law enforcement at a time when some investigators believe Temer and Congressional allies are out to quash landmark investigations.  Now is the time to speak up,  Janot told Reuters,  so that all this effort will not have been in vain.  The effort, including  Operation Car Wash  and several other major investigations, involves probes into kickbacks by private construction firms to government officials and politicians in exchange for public works and other contracts. It uncovered billions of dollars worth of illicit payments and led to sharing of evidence with 40 other countries, many of which launched their own probes and convicted officials based on Brazilian investigators  findings. During a rare, two-hour interview in Brasilia, Janot was especially critical of Segovia s appointment to head the federal police, which spearheaded Car Wash and other investigations. The 61-year-old prosecutor, who stepped down as prosecutor general because the second of his two terms in the office expired in September, said he believes that  Segovia was named to complete a mission   to divert the focus of the investigations.  Janot cited public commentary made by the new police chief, including Segovia s criticism of prosecutors  investigations at a press conference shortly after he took office.  By the statements he has made, it appears he was selected for the mission to discredit the investigation,  Janot added. Segovia, 48, who has spent over two decades on the force, in the email said he seeks to  strengthen investigations of crimes against public coffers and involving corruption.   I have made clear in all my public statements that we will broaden and strengthen Operation Car Wash,  he added. The new police chief was appointed with strong support from Temer s ruling Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, or PMDB. His appointment surprised some within the federal police because Segovia has never held what is considered one of the force s major posts, according to other investigators and law enforcement experts. During a press conference on Nov. 20, ten days into the new job, Segovia criticized prosecutors for their case against Temer, calling it a rushed investigation. He belittled the evidence, including a video shot by federal police of a Temer aide accepting a bag with 500,000 reais ($150,000) in cash.  A single bag does not provide the criminal evidence needed,  Segovia said, prompting widespread scorn in Brazilian press and social media.  It cannot be denied that the statements made by the new director of the federal police were extremely unfortunate,  read an editorial in the Folha de S. Paulo, Brazil s largest newspaper, afterward. When Dodge took office on Sept 19, she was widely criticized by police, prosecutors and many others in Brazil for failing in a speech to acknowledge the historic  Car Wash  probe. The two senior law enforcement officials, who requested to remain anonymous, said that the new prosecutor general has told other prosecutors to shift their focus from graft. Dodge also told some prosecutors to stop using the word  corruption  so much in public, they said. The prosecutor general s spokeswoman did not respond to questions about whether Dodge told prosecutors to avoid the word  corruption  or whether she told prosecutors to de-emphasize graft cases. Janot declined to comment on Dodge s dealings with other prosecutors, saying he has a  professional and respectful  relationship with his successor. Although it is early in the tenure of both Dodge and Segovia, some prosecutors and police investigators say they are already seeing a significant slowdown in procedures necessary to pursue some cases. Janot, for instance, said Dodge s office has filed far less paperwork with Brazil s Supreme Court than would have been expected given the caseload when she took over. The paperwork is a key step in many big investigations because only the top court can authorize probes involving elected federal officials. A spokeswoman for the top court did not respond to a request for comment on the volume of the paperwork. Before his term expired, the prosecutor general s office this year sent an average of 302 requests related to the  Car Wash  corruption investigations to the Supreme Court each month, Janot said. Dodge s office said it had filed a total of 450 requests since she took office in mid-September, representing an average of 180 per month, or a roughly 40 percent drop. Some experts say it is too soon to know whether a shift away from corruption investigations is underway or even possible to orchestrate, particularly because of the number of investigators pursuing cases across Brazil. More time is needed, they say, to evaluate Dodge s administration.  Even if Dodge and Segovia were strategically appointed to stop or create delays in investigations, I doubt they would succeed because the process has become decentralized,  said Carlos Pereira, a professor of public administration at the Getulio Vargas Foundation in Rio de Janeiro and a leading expert on corruption. Still, those involved in ongoing cases are troubled by any prospect of a slowdown, particularly with national elections looming next October, which would prolong constitutional protections for many office-holders facing charges.  The risks increase exponentially as the elections approach,  said Carlos Lima, the top regional prosecutor in Curitiba, the southern city where the  Car Wash  investigations began. During his conversation with Reuters, Janot criticized Segovia s support from Temer and his allies, some of whom are also facing investigations and charges.  A person with close ties to these people   some under investigation, some charged   I cannot say if they should be allowed to run an institution of the size and importance of the federal police,  Janot said. In the email, Segovia said  I have no type of political or party ties with the PMDB or any other political party.  Temer, who has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, staved off prosecution largely because allies in the lower house of Congress, which must authorize charges against a sitting president, voted against it. The vote outraged many Brazilians because some of those who voted against the charges in Congress are also being investigated. Temer will still face charges once he leaves federal elected office. The pushback is such that a Congressional committee is now investigating how federal prosecutors carried out their probe against Temer.  We re going to investigate those who have always investigated us,  said Carlos Marun, a PMDB Congressman and Temer ally, who danced on the lower house floor after it voted against sending the president for trial. Marun himself is facing a corruption trial in his home state of Mato Grosso do Sul. He has denied any wrongdoing. ",1
13368,British Labour leader Corbyn tells Morgan Stanley: 'We're a threat',"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn warned Morgan Stanley that bankers are right to regard him as a threat because he wants to transform what he cast as a rigged economy that profits speculators at the expense of ordinary people. Morgan Stanley cautioned investors on Nov. 26 that political uncertainty in Britain was a bigger threat than Brexit given the risk of Corbyn winning power and then dismantling what was once seen as one of the world s most stable free-market economies.  Bankers like Morgan Stanley should not run our country but they think they do,  Corbyn, a 68-year-old socialist, said in a video posted on Twitter that showed the towers of the City of London and Canary Wharf financial districts.  So when they say we re a threat, they re right: We re a threat to a damaging and failed system that is rigged for the few,  he said. Morgan Stanley declined to comment. London, which vies with New York for the title of the world s financial capital, dominates the $5.1-trillion-a-day global foreign exchange market and is home to more banks than any other financial center. But many bankers, CEOs and investors were spooked by the shock 2016 vote for Brexit and have been dismayed by the political turmoil which followed, including Prime Minister Theresa May s botched gamble on a snap election in June. May lost her party its majority in parliament in that election while Corbyn s unexpectedly strong result in the vote has convinced many of Labour s opponents that Corbyn is a potential prime minister if May s government falls. Kept in power with the support of a small Northern Irish political party, May has just over a year to negotiate Britain s divorce from the EU that will shape Britain s prosperity and global influence for generations to come. Now many investors fear Corbyn, who was once dismissed by his own party as an out-of-touch peace campaigner with no hope of ever winning power, could win the top job if the political turmoil continues in London. One senior executive at a top U.S. investment bank said that at a meeting in New York recently concerns over Corbyn trumped concerns about Brexit.   Their top concern was not what s happening in Germany and Spain, or North Korea and Trump: their main concern was what s happening in the UK and what Corbyn might mean for the country,  the executive, who spoke on condition of anonymity said.  It s like Cuba without the sun,  the executive said. Morgan Stanley said Britain now faced a  double whammy  of uncertainty from Brexit and the domestic political instability.   From a UK investor perspective, we believe that the domestic political situation is at least as significant as Brexit,  Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note to clients. Morgan Stanley said there was a high likelihood of another national election in late 2018   just months before Britain is due to leave the EU on March 29 2019. The bank s analysts said a Labour victory could mark the biggest shift in British politics since the late 1970s when Margaret Thatcher won victory, started to privatize chunks of the economy and opened up London to U.S. and Japanese banks.   It is certainly plausible that the Labour Party could ultimately moderate some of its more radical policy ideas; the alternative could be the most significant political shift in the UK since the end of the 1970s,  Morgan Stanley said. Corbyn has cast bankers as the villains behind the 2008 financial crisis and has promised to increase taxes on the banks and investment funds which trade out of London, including their staff through higher income taxes. Corbyn, who has promised sweeping renationalisation, higher public spending and tax rises for the rich, said banks like Morgan Stanley were speculators who had left ordinary people to pay the price for their greed.  These are the same speculators and gamblers who crashed our economy in 2008 and then we had to bail them out,  Corbyn said.  Their greed plunged the world into crisis and we re still paying the price.   Corbyn said Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman earned tens of millions personally and banks paid out billions of pounds worth of bonuses while Labour was the party of the people and a government in waiting. Such  banker bashing  could be popular with some voters in Britain where financiers are often portrayed as vastly overpaid. Financial services contributed 11.5 percent of total UK government tax receipts in 2016.  Corbyn s Labour won 40 percent of the votes cast in June 2017 while May s Conservatives won 42 percent.  Morgan Stanley, which opened on Wall Street in 1935, set up its European headquarters in London in 1977 and it now has over 5,000 staff, most at a block in Canary Wharf. Morgan Stanley did not receive a British government bailout during the 2008 crisis. ",1
13369,Austria's conservative-far right cabinet likely sworn in Dec. 20: source,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s new conservative-far right ruling coalition is likely to be sworn in on Dec. 20, an informed source said on Friday, marking a victory for nationalists so far shut out of government elsewhere in western Europe. Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, whose mainstream conservative People s Party (OVP) won a parliamentary election on Oct. 15 but not a majority, has been in coalition talks with Heinz-Christian Strache s Freedom Party (FPO). Both sides have described the discussions as friendly and constructive but so far failed to disclose the kind of sweeping tax, immigration and administrative reforms they had called for in their campaigns. Kurz, 31, who has taken a tough stance on immigration and Muslim  parallel societies , tilting towards the FPO line as the far right surged in popularity, is tipped to become chancellor and the youngest head of government in the European Union. There has been no confirmation on who might get which portfolio in the new cabinet, but the anti-immigration FPO has said it would aim for about half of the ministries. The OVP gained 31.5 percent and the FPO 26 percent of votes in the Alpine republic s October election.  (Dec. 20) is certainly a possible date (for the swearing-in),  OVP Chairwoman Elisabeth Koestinger said on Oe1 radio, adding they would put quality before speed even if that meant a deal only after Christmas. FPO deputy leader Norbert Hofer told Oe1 that no deal had been sealed yet, repeating previous statements that both parties aimed to finish before Christmas. The Austrian national news agency APA also cited Dec. 20 as the most likely date for the swearing-in of the new government by President Alexander Van der Bellen, but listed Jan. 8 as an alternative date. The FPO, which came within a whisker of winning the 2015 presidential election, is allied with France s National Front and Germany s AfD, which in a September election became the third strongest party in Germany s parliament. The populist far right last entered an Austrian federal government in 2000 and currently rules in coalition with centrists in two of the country s provinces. ",1
13370,"Cameroon secessionists kill six soldiers, police: president","YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Militants seeking independence for Cameroon s English-speaking regions killed four soldiers and two policemen in attacks this week, President Paul Biya said late on Thursday, vowing to eliminate the secessionists as a threat to peace. Dozens of civilians have been killed since October, after the government cracked down on members of a movement protesting their perceived marginalization by Cameroon s Francophone-dominated government.  The repression has driven many into the arms of a once-fringe separatist movement, which has launched a series of deadly raids before presidential elections in 2018.  I think things are now perfectly clear to everyone. Cameroon is the victim of repeated attacks,  Biya said as he arrived home from a summit of European Union and African leaders in Ivory Coast.  Faced with these attacks of aggression, I assure the Cameroonian people that all measures are being taken to end these criminals  ability to do harm,  he said.  Two secessionist leaders confirmed the movement carried out the first raid, late on Tuesday in the town of Mamfe, near the border with Nigeria in Cameroon s Southwest Region, in which four soldiers were killed.   One of the main objectives is to clear the checkpoints that they have put on our roads. They are the symbols of occupation,  Ben Kuah, the chairman of the defense wing of the Ambazonian Governing Council (AGC), told a Reuters reporter in Dakar. The separatists claimed to have looted weapons during the raid. Ambazonia is the name the separatists have given to the homeland they hope to create.  We will dismantle all of these military outposts that have been used to prosecute the occupation of our homeland,  said Cho Ayaba, another leading member of the AGC. Two police officers were killed in a similar attack the following night in the nearby town of Out. Separatist leaders were not immediately available to comment on that raid. Cameroon s language divide is a legacy of World War One, when the League of Nations split the former German colony of Kamerun between allied French and British victors. The two entities were reunited following independence. (This version of the story has been refiled to fix typo in paragraph five) ",1
13371,Exiled Egypt presidential hopeful plans return in coming weeks: family,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s strongest potential challenger in the country s 2018 election plans to return from exile in the coming weeks, his daughter said on Friday. Ahmed Shafik, a former air force commander and government minister, said this week he intended to run for president in a surprise announcement from the United Arab Emirates (UAE), where he is based. Shafik s daughter May Shafik told Reuters on Friday he was preparing to depart, first for Europe and the United States.  Then he will head back to Egypt to start his presidential campaign,  she said. Shafik had been prevented from leaving the UAE in previous days but had now received assurances that he could travel freely, she said, without specifying who gave the assurances. The UAE denied placing any movement restrictions on Shafik, after a video of him aired by Qatari-owned TV channel Al Jazeera said he had been barred from travel. May Shafik said there had been no intention to release that video, and that it had been leaked to Al Jazeera. The video was filmed as a precaution, she said. The UAE is an ally of Sisi s government, which has been officially silent on Shafik s candidacy announcement. Several Egyptian TV pundits, however, came out against Shafik in a sign of opposition he is likely to face from state-linked media. Shafik is the most serious potential challenger yet to Sisi, who is widely expected to seek a second term, although he has not yet announced he will run. Sisi as a military commander led the ousting of former president Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013, before his own landslide election a year later. Sisi s supporters see him as key to stability following prolonged, violent upheaval that followed the 2011 Egyptian revolt that toppled president Hosni Mubarak. Sisi s government is fighting an Islamist militant insurgency in the Sinai region and has also enacted painful austerity reforms over the last year that critics say have dented his popularity. Shafik, a minister under Mubarak, narrowly lost to Mursi in Egypt s 2012 election before fleeing overseas. ",1
13372,"Swiss dismiss ETA activist's asylum bid, but she is free to stay","ZURICH (Reuters) - A Swiss federal court has dismissed the asylum appeal of a woman convicted in Spain of supporting the Basque separatist group ETA, but said she was now free to remain in Switzerland after Madrid dropped her sentence. The case of Nekane Txapartegi, who said she was tortured while in custody in Spain before fleeing in 2007, has drawn considerable attention in Switzerland, with members of a  Free Nekane  movement staging rallies in Zurich and other cities. The United Nations  special rapporteur on torture and Amnesty International had also urged Swiss authorities not to extradite Txapartegi to Spain. On Friday the Swiss court said the asylum issue was no longer relevant because Spain s High Court had ruled that her sentence - initially 11 years in jail, later reduced to 3-1/2 years - had reached its statute of limitations.  As with every European citizen, Ms. Txapartegi may stay in Switzerland within the rules of free movement,  a spokesman for the State Secretariat for Migration said. Switzerland is not in the European Union but EU citizens can settle there provided they are in gainful employment or can prove they have sufficient funds to support themselves. Swiss authorities arrested Txapartegi in Zurich in April 2016 after they discovered she had been living under an assumed name in Switzerland since 2009. They agreed in March this year to extradite her but freed her in September after the Spanish decision to drop her jail sentence. Txapartegi had told Swiss authorities she was tortured into confessing support for ETA while in Spanish custody. The Swiss Federal Office of Justice said at the time she  could  not credibly show that she was actually tortured . On Friday the Swiss court said that, given the conditions prevailing in Spain at the time of her arrest, she may well have been subjected to physical and psychological abuse, but said it no longer needed to evaluate her claims. ETA, which killed more than 850 people in a decades-long campaign to carve out a separate state, effectively ended its armed resistance this year when it surrendered its weapons. ",1
13373,"Norway, Germany to develop missile based on NSM technology","OSLO (Reuters) - Norway and Germany have agreed to develop a common missile for their navies based on Kongsberg Gruppen s Naval Strike Missile (NSM), the Norwegian defense ministry said on Friday. It did not say how long the development was expected to take. ",1
13374,Ukraine president: reforms to get harder as elections approach,KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said at a meeting with businesses on Friday that it will become harder to muster votes in parliament for reformist legislation as elections approach. Ukraine is due to go to the polls by 2019 at the latest. Delays in implementing reforms to modernize the economy and tackle corruption have delayed billions of dollars of aid from the International Monetary Fund and other foreign backers.  ,1
13375,U.N. aid chief appeals for full lifting of Yemen blockade,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations appealed on Friday to the Saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of Yemen, saying up to eight million people were  right on the brink of famine . Earlier this week the coalition partially eased its blockade to let aid into the ports of Hodeidah and Salif and U.N. flights into Sanaa. But aid shipments cover only a fraction of Yemen s needs, since almost all food, fuel and medicine are imported. The coalition, which is backed by the United States and other countries, began the blockade on Nov. 6 after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired from Yemen toward its capital Riyadh. A second missile was shot down on Thursday.  That blockade has been partially wound down but not fully wound down. It needs to be fully wound down if we are to avoid an atrocious humanitarian tragedy involving the loss of millions of lives, the like of which the world has not seen for many decades,  U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock said.  Yemen has a population of 25 million people. Twenty million of them need assistance and something like seven or eight million of them are, right now, right on the brink of famine,  he said as he launched the U.N. s 2018 humanitarian appeal. Lowcock sidestepped reporters  questions on whether the Saudi-led blockade amounted to a violation of international law, though he said the United Nations had consistently urged all parties in the conflict to respect their obligations.  I m not a lawyer but clearly international humanitarian law includes a requirement to facilitate unhindered access for aid agencies, and that s what I ve been trying to secure both in what I ve said publicly and also in my private dialogue,  he said. U.N. officials are often shy of criticizing parties to a conflict for fear of losing access or funding. Saudi Arabia has been a major donor to aid appeals for Yemen. Others have been less reticent. Jan Egeland, a former U.N. aid chief, has called the blockade  illegal collective punishment , while  Alfredo Zamudio, director of the Nansen Center for Peace and Dialogue in Norway, told Reuters he thought the International Criminal Court should investigate whether it was a war crime. Speaking at Friday s event in Geneva, Helle Thorning-Schmidt, head of Save the Children International, said:  What we ve seen in Yemen has been actually a very clear breach of the rules and also it s been very clear that denial of aid coming in has also become a weapon of war.  The coalition joined the Yemen war in 2015 after the Iran-allied Houthi group and its allies forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee into exile in Saudi Arabia. Riyadh sees the Houthis as a proxy for Iran, its arch-foe in the region. The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced over 2 million and triggered a cholera epidemic as well as pushed the country to the verge of famine.     ",1
13376,Kremlin says understands why Russian parliament wants to ban U.S. media,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Friday it fully understood why the Russian lower house of parliament planned to discuss banning representatives of U.S. media organizations in retaliation for what it says is U.S. mistreatment of Russian media. Russian lawmakers are to discuss a proposal to bar U.S. media from accessing the State Duma, the lower house of parliament, the RIA news agency quoted the chair of one of the chamber s committees as saying earlier on Friday. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters that the Kremlin understood why lawmakers wanted to hit back against the United States for its mistreatment of Russian media. Peskov said Russian media had been subjected to  outrageous  attacks in the United States which violated freedom of speech. ",1
13377,Airlines limit Bali flights to guard against volcanic ash,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - A window appeared to be closing on Friday for travelers stranded on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali as airlines cut back on flights, fearing a return of plumes of volcanic ash.  An erupting volcano closed the airport for most of this week, stranding thousands of visitors from Australia, China and other countries, before the winds changed and flights resumed. Australian budget airline Jetstar said it would cancel nine flights on Friday after meteorological officials warned the ash could hit operations at Bali airport, about 60 km (37 miles) southwest of the Mount Agung volcano. Malaysia s AirAsia Bhd said it would only operate out of Bali during the day, as the ash could impair visibility at night and wind conditions in the area were unpredictable.   They don t have an answer if they have space for us for the next flight,  said Martim Cazado, a traveler who was trying to get home to Portugal via Singapore but had been unable to get a flight. He was worried he might be stuck waiting in front of the Bali airport s departure hall for a few days, he added.      A column of white smoke and ash hung above Mount Agung, where tremors continued, meteorological officials said, although with decreasing frequency, while lava sparks flash at night. Ash was visible to the southeast of Mount Agung, the Darwin Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre said on its website.    Volcanological sources indicate a larger eruption is still possible,  it said. The wind was blowing the ash toward the east and the airport was clear for normal operations, Indonesia s transport ministry said in a statement. Jetstar and its parent, Qantas Airways Ltd, had planned up to 18 flights on Friday to ferry 4,300 passengers home to Australia, including one by a Qantas 747 jet. But Jetstar will cancel nine flights after  a sudden change in today s forecast for this evening in Bali,  it said in a website update. Other airlines with regular Bali flights, including Singapore Airlines Ltd and Garuda Indonesia, have not posted website updates on Friday evening s flight plans. Airlines avoid flying through volcanic ash as it can damage aircraft engines, clogging fuel and cooling systems, hampering pilot visibility and even causing engine failure. A tropical cyclone south of Java island altered wind direction in the area, including for Bali, where it could bring heavy rains and strong winds until Saturday, the Indonesian Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysics agency said. About 10,700 foreign and 6,400 domestic tourists left Bali on Thursday, airport data showed.  Thousands of residents remain in a 10-km (6-mile) danger zone around the volcano, reluctant to leave for religious reasons or unwilling to abandon homes and livestock.  A rescue team escorted 10 people off its southwestern slope on Friday, some of whom said they had endured days of falling ash and feared potentially deadly volcanic mud flows.  An estimated 90,000 to 100,000 people live in the danger area near the volcano in eastern Bali. ",1
13378,Skin in the game: Philippine students protest Duterte in naked run,"MANILA (Reuters) - A Philippine college fraternity used its annual naked run on Friday to protest against President Rodrigo Duterte s brutal war on drugs and the imposition of martial law in the south in the army s fight against Islamist militants. The masked and hooded young men sprinted in the nude through their college, holding signs reading  Lift Martial Law  and  Stop the Killings , as bystanders laughed and pointed and others took photos.  The level of violence in society is growing and the fraternity cannot simply ignore that, that thousands of people are dying , Alpha Phi Omega spokesperson Thomas Roca said, when asked why the fraternity picked the protest theme this year.   Since taking office last June, Duterte has launched a ferocious war of drugs that has left thousands of Filipinos dead, and in May, he imposed martial law in Mindanao, an island of 22 million people, when Islamic State-linked militants took over large parts of the city of Marawi. This is not the first time the fraternity has taken a political stance with its yearly bare-bottomed event.  The society used its naked run during the rule of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the 1980s to protest against the censorship of activists at the University of the Philippines. For a finale on Friday, the men gathered by a pond, arms slung over each other s shoulders, and lustily sang their fraternity song, alumni members in the audience joining in as well.   It s my first time seeing this , college student Haji Viado said, with a smile.  But for me what they did was effective to get people s attention on these issues.   ",1
13379,Georgia says suspect in Istanbul airport bombing killed last week,"TBILISI (Reuters) - A former Islamic State fighter suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on Istanbul airport in 2016 was killed during a special operation in ex-Soviet Georgia last week, a spokeswoman for Georgia s state security service said on Friday. Akhmed Chatayev was named by Turkish media and a U.S. congressman as the mastermind of the suicide bombing of Istanbul airport in 2016 which killed 45 people. His involvement has not been corroborated by Turkish officials.  It s confirmed that one of those killed during the operation is Akhmed Chatayev,  Nino Giorgobiani, a spokeswoman for Georgia s state security service, told a news briefing. Giorgobiani said that Chatayev blew himself up.  One Georgian special forces serviceman and two other members of the armed group, which was suspected of terrorism, were killed in the same operation. Four police officers were wounded and one member of the group was also arrested. The 20-hour operation took place at an apartment block on the outskirts of the Georgian capital Tbilisi last week. Giorgobiani declined to name the two other armed men killed or disclose the identity of the member of the group who was arrested, the group s motives, or how they got to Georgia.  The investigation is ongoing ... We continue to work with our international partners to identify the other two (armed men),  Giorgobiani said. She said that experts from the United States had been participating in the investigation. A United Nations sanctions list describes Chatayev as a senior figure in Islamic State responsible for training Russian-speaking militants.  A veteran of Chechnya s conflict with Moscow during which he lost an arm, he lived in Georgia s Pankisi Gorge, a remote area populated largely by people from the Kist community, ethnic Chechens whose ancestors came to mainly Christian Georgia in the 1800s. When, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Chechnya rose up in an armed rebellion against Moscow s rule, the Kist community were drawn to the fight. Thousands of refugees arrived from Chechnya, and some insurgents used the gorge to regroup and prepare new attacks. Chatayev was wounded and arrested in Georgia in August 2012 following a clash between the Georgian police and a group of militants, who were allegedly trying to cross the Georgian-Russian border and move to Dagestan. ",1
13380,Long road ahead to a new life for wounded North Korean defector,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The North Korean soldier critically wounded when making a dash to the south last month may have cheated death, but even as his health improves, he is months if not years away from finding a normal life in South Korea, officials and other defectors say.  The transition to life in the democratic and prosperous South can be difficult for any defector from the isolated and impoverished North, let alone for a soldier from an elite border unit with potentially actionable military intelligence and a high profile that may complicate efforts to blend in. The 24-year-old soldier, identified only by his surname Oh, has been released from intensive care after being shot five times during his daring defection, but is still battling a hepatitis B infection which could delay his transfer to a military hospital for some time, doctors said.  As active duty soldier defectors have up-to-date information, the intelligence agencies would question the soldiers and see if anything needs to be addressed in our military s operation and combat plans,  a current South Korean government official involved in resettling North Korean refugees told Reuters. Oh will likely be under the protection of South Korea s spy agency, the National Intelligence Service (NIS), and then be offered work such as code cracking in the military or related agencies, a former senior South Korean government official said.   The decision would be made after a comprehensive assessment on what he means to national security, the level of information he has, and whether he would be capable of mingling with other defectors at the resettlement center,  the former official said. Defections by active-duty soldiers are extremely rare, once a year or less. Intelligence agencies are keen to question Oh, who was stationed in the Joint Security Area near the heavily fortified border, according to South Korean lawmakers briefed by the NIS.  Doctors have asked that officials wait until Oh is fully recovered both physically and emotionally before they begin questioning. Given his high-profile escape and status as a member from an elite border unit, Oh will likely be given more personalized assistance, away from other North Korean defectors at the Hanawon resettlement center, the former South Korean official said.  Most defectors undergo security questioning by the National Intelligence Service for a few days up to several months in extreme cases, before being moved to the Hanawon resettlement center.  There they receive mandatory three-month education on life in the capitalist South, from taking public transportation to opening a bank account to creating an email address.  It s where you would get to see the outside world for the first time, as they take you out to meet people on the streets and learn how to access the social service network. These days, you can also do a homestay with an ordinary South Korean family,  said Ji Seong-ho, a 35-year-old defector who heads Now, Action and Unity for Human Rights (NAUH), a group that rescues and resettles North Korean refugees.  Such training can be more useful for some people than others, said Kim Jin-soo, a 29-year-old former member of the North Korean secret police who defected to the South in 2011.  Looking back, it would ve been really useful if they taught more realistic things even though it might discourage people, like how to prepare for a job fair and find a suitable workplace and why it s important to lose the North Korean accent,  he said.   Fresh off Hanawon, you re like a one-year-old baby. But those are the things that would pose a real obstacle when you actually go out there on your own,  said Kim, who now works at a advertising firm in Seoul.  After leaving Hanawon, central and local governments provide defectors 7 million won ($6,450) in cash over a year - barely a fifth of South Korea s annual average income - as well as support in housing, education and job training. Police officers are assigned to each of the defectors to ensure their security.  Oh may have potential value to the South Korean government or organizations that try to highlight conditions in North Korea, but it will be up to him whether he wants to live a life in the limelight, said Sokeel Park, country director for Liberty in North Korea, which helps North Korean refugees.  If he has any mind to get involved in that kind of stuff then there will be all kinds of media or non-governmental organizations who would fall over themselves to give him that platform,  said Park.   But if he makes a good recovery and he chooses to blend it, then he s just another young guy with a vague back story.  GRAPHIC: Defector braves hail of bullets reut.rs/2zAUDRN ",1
13381,Argentina abandons rescue mission for crew of missing submarine,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina has given up on rescuing 44 crew members on a submarine that disappeared 15 days ago, though it will continue the search for the vessel with international assistance, a navy spokesman said on Thursday. The ARA San Juan had a seven-day supply of air when it reported its last position on Nov. 15. The crew had been ordered to return to a naval base in Mar del Plata after reporting water had entered the vessel through its snorkel.  More than double the number of days have passed where it would have been possible to rescue the crew,  navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told a news conference.  We will continue the search... there will not be people saved.   Some family members criticized the government for giving up, and for its means of communicating.  Luis Tagliapietra, whose son was on the submarine, said some 12 families had found out the rescue mission was abandoned from the televised news conference.  He also told television channel TN the government had been too slow to say the water entering the sub caused it to short circuit, which the navy confirmed on Monday. The navy had said earlier, on Nov. 23, that international organizations detected a noise that could have been the submarine s implosion the same day contact was lost.   I want to know what happened and I do not believe in any of the official hypotheses,  Tagliapietra said, his voice cracking up.   I have no words for it.   Some families had held out hope for a miracle and were organizing prayer groups together.  Balbi said 28 ships, nine planes and 4,000 people from 18 countries were involved in the search covering 557,000 nautical miles - more including radar monitoring.   Despite the magnitude of our search it has not been possible to find the submarine,  he said. ",1
13382,"Kim Jong Nam had nerve agent antidote in bag, Malaysian court told","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Kim Jong Nam, the murdered half-brother of North Korea s leader, had a dozen vials of antidote for lethal nerve agent VX in his sling bag on the day he was poisoned, a Malaysian court was told  this week. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong, a Vietnamese, are charged with conspiring with four North Korean fugitives in the murder, making use of banned chemical weapon VX at the Kuala Lumpur international airport on Feb. 13. The vials contained atropine, an antidote for poisons such as VX and insecticides, toxicologist Dr K. Sharmilah told the court on Wednesday, state news agency Bernama said. However, she did not know if the vials were marked in Korean, she said when cross-examined by Siti Aisyah s lawyer, Gooi Soon Seng.   Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, some South Korean lawmakers have said. Malaysia was forced to return Kim Jong Nam s body and allow the suspects hiding in the embassy to return home, in exchange for the release of nine Malaysians barred from leaving Pyongyang. On Thursday, a police witness told the court Huong had the opportunity to dispose of a T-shirt and short skirt she had worn during the alleged attack. The T-shirt, bearing the word  LOL , and the skirt could have easily been found in a pile of clothes in the hotel room where Huong stayed, the witness, Nasrol Sain Hamzah, an assistant superintendent, told Huong s lawyer, Hisyam Teh Poh Teik.  Earlier, Nasrol told the court that he needed Huong to point out the clothes which had been concealed when the police raided. Defence lawyers say Siti Aisyah and Huong, arrested in Kuala Lumpur within days of the killing, were duped into thinking they were playing a prank for a reality TV show and did not know they were poisoning Kim Jong Nam. North Korea has denied accusations by South Korean and U.S. officials that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind the killing. The court hearings, which have run more than a month, are to resume on Jan. 22. ",1
13383,"Japan's Emperor Akihito to abdicate on April 30, 2019","TOKYO (Reuters) - Emperor Akihito, who has spent much of his nearly three decades on Japan s throne seeking to soothe the wounds of World War Two, will step down on April 30, 2019 - the first abdication by a Japanese monarch in about two centuries. A 10-member Imperial Household Council of lawmakers, royals and supreme court justices, chaired by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, agreed on the timing on Friday. Akihito, who turns 84 on Dec. 23 and has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer, said in rare remarks last year that he feared age might make it hard for him to fulfil his duties. He will be succeeded by his heir, 57-year-old Crown Prince Naruhito.  This is the first abdication by an emperor in 200 years and the first under the (post-war) constitution,  Abe told reporters after announcing the recommendation.  I feel deep emotion that today, the opinion of the Imperial Household Council was smoothly decided and a big step was taken toward the imperial succession.  The cabinet still has to sign off on the decision on the date, which it will likely do next week. Once considered divine, Japan s emperor is defined in the post-war constitution as a  symbol of the state and of the unity of the people , but has no political power. Akihito, along with Empress Michiko, has spent much time trying to address the legacy of World War Two, which was fought in the name of his father Hirohito, and consoling victims of disasters or other woes.  He is widely respected by average Japanese.  Both the emperor and empress thought tirelessly about the people,  said Taeko Ito, a 72-year-old caregiver.  Now he is elderly and I wish from my heart that he can have a rest.   Akihito and Michiko, the first commoner to wed a Japanese monarch, have worked to reconcile ties across Asia, soured by Japan s aggression before and during World War Two, with numerous visits abroad. In 1992, he became the first Japanese monarch in living memory to visit China, where bitter memories of the war run deep. During that visit the emperor said he  deeply deplored  an  unfortunate period in which my country inflicted great suffering on the people of China . Akihito has consistently urged the Japanese never to forget the horrors of war, remarks that have garnered increased attention since Abe took office in 2012 and sought to adopt a less apologetic tone over Japan s past military aggression.  He redefined the job. He wanted to modernise the monarchy and take care of the unfinished business ... and bring the imperial household closer to the people,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan.  He s been remarkably successful on all fronts. He is deeply admired and respected. His moral authority is unquestioned.  Once Akihito steps down a new  imperial era  will begin, replacing the current  Heisei  or  achieving peace  period which began on Jan. 8, 1989, the day he took the throne. Japan uses the Western-style Gregorian calendar but has also preserved the ancient custom in which the reign of a new emperor ushers in a new era. The last time a Japanese emperor abdicated was in 1817.  Post-war law had not allowed for abdication, so a one-off law was adopted in June to let Akihito step down, but it left details such as the timing to be worked out. An early proposal that he retire at the end of 2018, his 30th year on the throne, was rejected over worries it would conflict with rituals and other duties around then. Another date considered was March 31, 2019, the end of the business year. But subsequent ceremonies would have coincided with a busy time for many people and nation-wide local elections in early April, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said. Some Japanese lamented that the process was taking too long.  It s the same for me - life is not so long,  said a 79-year-old retiree, Asataro Nishizawa.  They should have granted his wish sooner, while he is still vigorous.  The abdication law did not address the problem of the future of an ageing, shrinking imperial family and the related issue of whether women should be allowed to ascend the throne. Eleven-year-old Prince Hisahito, the son of Akihito s younger son Prince Akishino, is the emperor s only grandson and will be second in line to the throne after his father following the abdication. Naruhito s daughter, Princess Aiko, who turned 16 on Friday, cannot inherit the males-only throne. ",1
13384,Former Catalan cabinet members to appear before Supreme Court,"MADRID (Reuters) - Eight former Catalan cabinet members currently in custody awaiting trial will appear before the Supreme Court on Friday, after requesting their release ahead of a regional election Dec. 21 in the wake of a disputed independence referendum. Sacked regional vice-president Oriol Junqueras, one of his ERC party s main candidates for the election, has asked to be allowed to leave jail in order to campaign in the vote which was called by Madrid. Junqueras and seven other former members of the Catalonia regional cabinet were jailed on Nov. 2 pending trial on charges of sedition, rebellion and misappropriation of funds after the Catalan government declared independence from Spain. The Oct. 1 referendum, declared unconstitutional by Spain, and the subsequent proclamation of independence by the wealthy northeastern region pushed Spain into its worst political crisis in decades and led Madrid to impose direct rule on Barcelona. The eight jailed cabinet members, whose original hearing was at the Spanish High Court, had their case moved to the Supreme Court after the presiding judge argued the different Catalan cases should be tried in the same court.   Earlier November, the Supreme Court released Catalan parliament speaker Carme Forcadell on bail of 150,000 euros after she agreed to renounce any political activity that went against the Spanish constitution. All the eight former cabinet members have said they would abide by a ruling giving Madrid control over the region, according to their lawyers, although some of them said they did not agree with this unprecedented move stripping power from the rebel administration. Campaigning for the Dec. 21 election, seen by pro-independence parties as a de facto plebiscite on secession from Spain, starts on Monday at midnight.   The former leader of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, in self-imposed exile in Belgium and subject to an arrest warrant from Spain for rebellion and misuse of public funds, has called the elections the most important in the region s history. Barely a quarter of Catalans want to continue with the project of creating an independent state, a recent survey by pollsters Metroscopia showed. However, polls show the vote split evenly between parties seeking independence from Spain and those wanting to remain part of a united country. The leaders of Catalan civic groups Asamblea Nacional Catalana (ANC) and Omnium Cultural Jordi Sanchez and Jordi Cuixart - who were imprisoned last month - also testify before the Supreme Court over their role in the independence drive. ",1
13385,Pope ordains priests in Bangladesh ahead of meeting with Rohingya,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis celebrated a huge outdoor Mass on Friday to ordain new priests from Bangladesh on his first full day in the country where he is due to meet Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar later in the day. More than 100,000 people attended the Mass in Dhaka s Suhrawardy Udyan Park, site of a memorial and museum of Bangladesh s independence from Pakistan in 1971, where Francis arrived in an open popemobile. Catholics make up less than one percent of the population of 169 million people in majority-Muslim Bangladesh.  I know that many of you came from afar, for a trip for more than two days,  the pope told the crowd in his homily.  Thank you for your generosity. This indicates the love you have for the Church.  At an inter-religious gathering later on Friday, the pope was due to meet 18 Rohingya refugees who have fled to Bangladesh from Myanmar where authorities have been accused of ethnic cleansing by the United States and United Nations. The government denies wrongdoing. In calls for peace in Myanmar, he did not use the word Rohingya to describe the refugees, which is contested by the Yangon government and military. The refugees were brought to the Bangladeshi capital from Cox s Bazar, to where 625,000 Rohingya from Myanmar s Rakhine state have fled. The exodus followed a Myanmar military crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. Scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, and refugees arriving in Bangladesh told of killings and rapes. On Thursday night, the pope called for decisive measures to resolve the political reasons that caused the refugee crisis and urged countries to help the Dhaka government deal with it. ",1
13386,Turkish gold trader implicates Erdogan in Iran money laundering,"(Reuters) - A Turkish-Iranian gold trader on Thursday told jurors in a New York federal court that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan authorized a transaction in a scheme to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions. Reza Zarrab is cooperating with U.S. prosecutors in the criminal trial of a Turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder money for Iran. At the time of the alleged conspiracy, Erdogan was Turkey s prime minister. Zarrab said he had learned from Zafer Caglayan, who was Turkey s economy minister, that Erdogan and then-treasury minister Ali Babacan had authorized two Turkish banks, Ziraat Bank and VakifBank, to move funds for Iran. Both Ziraat and VakifBank denied taking part in the scheme.  Erdogan s spokesman, and an adviser to Babacan could not immediately be contacted by Reuters. Erdogan said earlier on Thursday that Turkey did not violate U.S. sanctions, CNN Turk reported. A spokesman for Erdogan s government has called the case a  plot against Turkey.  The testimony came on the third day of the trial of Mehmet Hakan Atilla, an executive at Turkey s state-owned Halkbank, who has pleaded not guilty in Manhattan federal court. U.S. prosecutors have charged nine people in the case with conspiring to help Iran evade sanctions, although only Zarrab, 34, and Atilla, 47, have been arrested by U.S. authorities. Over two days of testimony, Zarrab has told jurors that he helped Iran use funds deposited at Halkbank to buy gold, which was smuggled to Dubai and sold for cash. On Thursday, he said that he had to stop the gold trades and start moving money through fake food purchases instead in 2013, after U.S. sanctions changed. Zarrab has said that Atilla helped design the gold transactions, along with Halkbank s former general manager, Suleyman Aslan. On Thursday, Zarrab discussed a 2013 phone call with Atilla about his plan to switch from gold trades to fake food sales. He said Atilla did not understand at the time that no actual food would be sent to Iran, and was reluctant to sign off on the plan. Zarrab said Aslan ordered Atilla to allow the transaction. Zarrab has testified that in the course of his scheme, he bribed Aslan and former Turkish economy minister Zafer Caglayan. Both Caglayan and Aslan were charged in the case. Reuters was not able to reach Caglayan or Aslan for comment.  Turkey s government has previously said that Caglayan acted lawfully, and Halkbank has said it acted lawfully as well. Caglayan previously said that similar allegations in a 2013 corruption investigation in Turkey that was later dismissed were  unfounded claims . ",1
13387,Ireland says wants 'agreed wording' on Brexit border before December 14 summit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland wants re-assurance from Britain there will be no regulatory divergence between it and Northern Ireland after Brexit, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told BBC radio on Friday. He said Ireland wanted to achieve before a Dec. 14 EU summit  an agreed wording whereby we can agree the parameters within which we can find a solution that prevents the re-emergence of a border on the island of Ireland . Avoiding a so-called  hard border  on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before Brexit talks can move to negotiations on Britain s future trade relationship with the EU and a possible two-year Brexit transition deal. Coveney said Ireland cannot be asked  to leap into the dark  by the UK. ",1
13388,Trump weighs recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital: officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is considering recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, a move that could upend decades of American policy and ratchet up Middle East tensions, but is expected to again delay his campaign promise to move the U.S. embassy there, U.S. officials said on Thursday. After months of intense White House deliberations, Trump is likely to make an announcement next week that seeks to strike a balance between domestic political demands and geopolitical pressures over an issue at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict   the status of Jerusalem, home to sites holy to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions. Trump is weighing a plan under which he would declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel, the officials said, deviating from White House predecessors who have insisted that it is a matter that must be decided in peace negotiations. The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state, and the international community does not recognize Israel s claim on the entire city. Such a move by Trump, which could be carried out through a presidential statement or speech, would anger the Palestinians as well as the broader Arab World and likely undermine the Trump administration s fledgling effort to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. It could, however, help satisfy the pro-Israel, right-wing base that helped him win the presidency and also please the Israeli government, a close U.S. ally. Trump is likely to continue his predecessors  policy of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the U.S. Embassy be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, the officials said. But among the options under consideration is for Trump to order his aides to develop a longer-term plan for the embassy s relocation to make clear his intent to do so eventually, according to one of the officials. However, the U.S. officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, cautioned that the plan has yet to be finalized and Trump could still alter parts of it.  No decision has been made on that matter yet,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Thursday. Trump pledged on the presidential campaign trail last year that he would move the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. But Trump in June waived the requirement, saying he wanted to  maximize the chances  for a peace push led by his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner.  Those efforts have made little if any progress. The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks in achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally.  Palestinian leaders, Arab governments and Western allies have long urged Trump not to proceed with the embassy relocation, which would go against decades of U.S. policy by granting de facto U.S. recognition of Israel s claim to all of Jerusalem as its capital. However, if Trump decides to declare Jerusalem as Israel s capital, even without ordering an embassy move, it would be certain to spark an international uproar.  A key question would be whether such a declaration would be enshrined as a formal presidential action or simply be a symbolic statement by Trump. Some of Trump s top aides have privately pushed for him to keep his campaign promise to satisfy a range of supporters, including evangelical Christians, while others have warned of the potential damage to U.S. relations with Muslim countries. ",1
13389,"Japan court sentences U.S. base worker to life for rape, murder: NHK","TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese court sentenced a former U.S. military base worker to life in prison on Friday for the rape and murder of a woman on the southern island of Okinawa, public broadcaster NHK reported. The Naha District Court found Kenneth Franklin Shinzato, 33, guilty of killing 20-year-old Rina Shimabukuro in April last year, NHK said. A court spokesman told Reuters he was unable to immediately confirm the decision.   The case sparked anger on the island, where locals have long protested the presence of U.S. military bases that they say imposes a heavy burden on Okinawa. Okinawa hosts around 50,000 U.S. nationals, including 30,000 military personnel and civilians employed at the bases. In a bid to assuage locals, the United States last year agreed to limit legal protection and benefits to some U.S. civilian contractors working for the military in Japan under a Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) that dates back to 1960.  SOFA exempts personnel from requiring visas while in Japan, and has been criticized because it has been used by the U.S. military to ship people home before Japanese police can capture them.  Other incidents involving U.S. personnel have stirred resentment among Okinawans. On Nov. 19, a local man was killed in road accident after his van collided with a car driven by a U.S. Marine suspected of driving under the influence of alcohol. The U.S. military responded by imposing a drinking ban for personnel in Japan on or off base.      ",1
13390,Turkey's Vakifbank denies involvementin processes mentioned in U.S. lawsuit,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Vakifbank said on Friday it had never had any interest or involvement whatsoever in any of the processes mentioned in the U.S. trial of a Turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder money for Iran.  VakifBank has always acted in compliance with laws and related legislations and shown utmost care and diligence to act in accordance with the laws and the related legislations,  the bank said in a statement to the Istanbul stock exchange. Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab testified in the United States on Thursday that two Turkish authoriZed Vakifbank and another lender to move funds for Iran. Shares of VakifBank were down 1.6 percent in early trade in Istanbul. ",1
13391,"Honduran protesters, police clash in growing election crisis","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran police fired tear gas at rock-hurling protesters on Thursday after a contentious presidential election that looks set to drag on for two more days without a clear winner, deepening the political crisis in the Central American nation.  Both center-right President Juan Orlando Hernandez and his rival Salvador Nasralla, a television game show host allied with leftists, claimed victory after Sunday s election. The vote tally at first favored Nasralla, but then swung in favor of the incumbent after hold-ups in the count, fueling talk of irregularities. International concern has grown about the crisis in the poor coffee-producing nation of more than 9 million, which experienced a military-backed coup in 2009 and suffers from drug gangs and one of the world s highest murder rates. The delays have already led to violence, and observers fear they could risk undermining the eventual winner s legitimacy. One of the four magistrates on the Honduran electoral tribunal flagged  serious doubts  about the process on Thursday. Marcos Ramiro Lobo called for an independent external auditor to review the results, but was non-committal on whether there was evidence of electoral fraud.  We can t be sure of one thing or the other,  Lobo told Reuters, expressing concern about the vote count breaking down.  What I do know is that serious doubts are being raised.  David Matamoros, who chairs the electoral tribunal, on Thursday evening heeded calls from international election observers and Honduras  top business group, and said the tribunal would hand-count some 1,031 outstanding ballots, or roughly 6 percent of the total, that had irregularities. That fresh count would be completed in up to two days, and would allow the tribunal to declare a definitive winner with 100 percent of ballots counted, Matamoros said.   The tribunal s latest tally showed that with 94.31 percent of ballots counted, Hernandez had secured 42.92 percent of the vote, with Nasralla at 41.42 percent. The Organization of American States (OAS) appeared to have salvaged the credibility of the election on Wednesday by eliciting signed statements from both candidates who vowed to respect the final result once disputed votes had been checked. But a few hours later, Nasralla rejected the accord, saying his opponents were trying to rob him. He urged supporters to take to the streets to defend his triumph.  They take us for idiots and want to steal our victory,  said Nasralla, who heads a center-left coalition. Nasralla is one of Honduras  best-known faces and is backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, a leftist who was ousted in the 2009 coup after he proposed a referendum on his re-election.  On Thursday, Nasralla s coalition issued a statement signed by Zelaya, in which the former president asked for more transparency in the vote count, and said the coalition could not currently accept any decision issued by the tribunal. Luis Larach, the president of COHEP, a powerful business lobby, told Reuters that given the slim difference between the candidates, the hand-count of irregular ballots would be crucial in deciding the winner.  For me, it s still up in the air,  he said. Nasralla s followers took to the streets, protesting throughout Honduras on Thursday. At least nine people were injured in protests in the capital, Tegucigalpa, as well as two police officers and a soldier, emergency services said. Six of the nine had been shot.  There were also reports of a police station and highway toll booths set alight in other parts of Honduras.  We re going to keep protesting and won t let them steal this victory,  said university student Josue Valladares, 20, as he battled with security forces, who were guarding a vote-count center in Tegucigalpa. The sporadic way in which results have been published, and the reversal of Nasralla s lead, have led the opposition to say Hernandez may have influenced the election tribunal, an allegation Hernandez denies. Opinion polls before the election indicated that Hernandez was favored to win. On Thursday, the OAS urged the tribunal to process all of the ballots before declaring a winner, as did a European Union election monitor.  On Monday, the tribunal published more than half the results, showing Nasralla with a five point lead, but then published nothing more for 36 hours. When the count started again, Hernandez began to catch Nasralla. The count has started and stopped ever since. The tribunal blamed a five-hour delay on Wednesday on computer glitches. ",1
13392,Skyscraper fire kills 10 in northern Chinese city of Tianjin,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A skyscraper fire in the northern Chinese port city of Tianjin killed 10 and injured five early on Friday, state media reported. The fire broke out around 4 a.m. on the 38th floor of a serviced apartment building near the city centre, the official Xinhua news agency said. Xinhua said the fire had been extinguished and that early indications were that the blaze was caused by interior decorating materials used in a renovation catching fire. State broadcaster CCTV said renovation workers working on site were among the casualties. Fire safety has come under scrutiny in China after a deadly blaze last month killed 19 in the far southern fringe of Beijing, which has led to citywide evictions seen by some people as unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass. Tianjin party secretary Li Hongzhong said authorities would carry out citywide fire safety inspections in response to Friday s blaze, the official Tianjin Daily reported. ",1
13393,Killing of Mexican prosecutor of crimes against women sparks outcry,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The European Union on Thursday condemned the killing of a female Mexican prosecutor who specialized in violence against women, as the country grapples with its worst murder rate in two decades, including a spate of attacks on rights workers and reporters.   Yendi Guadalupe Torres Castellanos, a prosecutor in the state of Veracruz whose remit included violence against women as well as sexual and family-related crimes, was killed Monday in her car in the city of Panuco, according to the state government.       This murder demonstrates once more the troubling level of violence that devastates Mexico, including violence against human rights defenders,  the EU s Mexican delegation said in a joint statement with Swiss and Norwegian ambassadors.  Earlier this month, unknown gunmen shot dead Silvestre de la Toba, the head of the Baja California Sur state human rights commission.  And, after a spate of killings of reporters, a United Nations team of experts on freedom of expression is currently visiting Mexico to assess the safety of journalists. Torres  death was also denounced by the Veracruz government, the U.N. Commission on Human Rights and the U.S. ambassador to Mexico.  October was the most violent since the Mexican government began tracking such crimes two decades ago. The 2,735 homicides of women last year was the second-highest figure of any year since 1990, and more than double the number recorded a decade ago, according to data published by Mexico s national statistics agency. ",1
13394,Vietnamese court upholds prominent blogger's 10-year jail term,"HANOI (Reuters) - A Vietnamese court on Thursday upheld a 10-year jail sentence for a prominent blogger convicted of publishing propaganda against the state, her lawyer said, the latest move in a crackdown on critics of the one-party state. Despite sweeping economic reform and increasing openness towards social change, including gay, lesbian and transgender rights, Vietnam s ruling Communist Party retains tight media censorship and does not tolerate criticism. In recent months, it has targeted critics whose voices have been amplified by social media in a country that ranks among Facebook s top ten, in terms of users. Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, 37, known as  Me Nam  (Mother Mushroom), who gained prominence for blogging about environment issues and deaths in police custody, was found guilty in June for distributing what police called anti-state reports. A court in the central city of Nha Trang upheld Quynh s sentence, one of her lawyers said.   This sentence is not objective and is unfair,  the lawyer, Ha Huy Son, told Reuters by telephone.   Quynh said she is innocent and she carried out her right as a citizen.  Vietnam s state news agency confirmed the outcome of the appeal. The hearing was public and  in accordance with Vietnamese law , foreign ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang added.  Quynh s mother said she was among those outside the court protesting against the verdict when plainclothes policemen approached and beat them.  The police beat me repeatedly,  Nguyen Tuyet Lan, the mother, told Reuters, adding that police detained three activists.  Reuters was not able to reach police for comment. In March 2009, Quynh spent nine days in police detention for receiving funds from Viet Tan, a California-based activist group which Vietnam calls a terrorist group, to print T-shirts with  slogans against a major bauxite project, police said. She has also spoken out against a subsidiary of Taiwan s Formosa Plastics Corp that caused one of Vietnam s biggest environmental disasters in April. The European Union, whose representatives were denied access to the appeal hearing, urged that Quynh be  immediately and unconditionally released , its Vietnam delegation said on Friday, ahead of an annual human rights session in Hanoi.  A U.S. diplomat in Vietnam said she was  deeply troubled  that Quynh s conviction was upheld.  The United States calls on Vietnam to release Ms Quynh and all prisoners of conscience immediately, and to allow all individuals in Vietnam to express their views freely and assemble peacefully,  Caryn McClelland, the U.S. charg  d affaires, said in a statement. New York-based Human Rights Watch called the hearing a farce.  The proceedings were a farce, with the judge simply going through the motions before issuing the harsh verdict predetermined by the ruling communist party, upholding her long prison sentence,  said Phil Robertson, the group s deputy director for Asia.     ",1
13395,"Factbox: Japanese emperor Akihito worked to console the people, reconcile with Asia","TOKYO (Reuters) - A special panel to debate the timing of Emperor Akihito s abdication, Japan s first in nearly two centuries, meets on Friday, setting the stage for a formal decision by the government. Akihito, who turns 84 on Dec. 23 and has had heart surgery and been treated for prostate cancer, said last year he feared age might make it hard to fulfill his duties. Following are some highlights from Akihito s career as the first emperor not to be considered divine from the time he ascended the Chrysanthemum Throne in 1989.  MIDDLE-CLASS MONARCHY    Akihito s 1959 marriage to Michiko Shoda, the daughter of a wealthy industrialist, was the first by an emperor to a commoner and was hailed as a symbol of a new Japan. The two courted at a tennis club and he won her promise to marry him over the phone. They worked to craft an image of a  middle-class monarchy   in an attempt to draw the imperial family closer to the people.  All three of their children went to university and married commoners, and the public was informed when Akihito was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2002 - in contrast to the secrecy around Emperor Hirohito s ultimately fatal illness. Akihito and Michiko have worked to smooth relations across Asia, which suffered from Japan s aggression before and during World War Two, with numerous visits abroad. In 1992, he became the first Japanese monarch in living memory to visit China, where bitter memories of the war run deep, and  deeply deplored  an  unfortunate period in which my country inflicted great suffering on the people of China . At a news conference marking his birthday in 2001, he said he felt  a certain kinship  with Korea because one of his ancestors had come from there, an unprecedented statement from a Japanese royal that made front page headlines in Seoul. In 2005, the couple went to the island of Saipan, the scene of bloody fighting during World War Two, to pay respects at memorials honoring Japanese, American and Korean war dead.  Akihito has often urged Japan to remember the suffering of the war, comments that have attracted increased attention in recent years, when Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe appears to be pushing for a less apologetic tone towards Japan s past. On Aug. 15, 2015, the 70th anniversary of the war s end, Akihito departed from his annual script to express  deep remorse . The day before, Abe had expressed  utmost grief  but said future generations should not have to keep apologizing. One of the duties the royal couple has taken most seriously has been comforting victims of disasters. Akihito has knelt to talk to evacuees and Michiko has hugged women who lost their homes. In 2011, Akihito took the unprecedented step of addressing the nation in a televised speech after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that triggered the world s worst nuclear crisis in 25 years.  He again turned to television in 2016 to tell the people he feared he was getting too old to carry out his duties, implying he wished to abdicate. ",1
13396,"Bolivia's Morales says he'll seek fourth term, spurs protests","LA PAZ (Reuters) - Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Thursday that opposition from the United States convinced him to run for a fourth term in 2019, spurring a second day of protests after the constitutional court eliminated term limits. Morales  government earlier brushed off criticism from Washington, which said it was  deeply concerned  over Tuesday s court decision. Morales himself then took it a step further, saying the U.S. reaction actually convinced him to run.  I was not so determined; now I am determined,  he said at a public event in the central Bolivian region of Cochabamba.  I will be a candidate, sisters and brothers, in 2019.  The court ruling is final and cannot be appealed. Groups opposed to the ruling protested in several cities again on Thursday, as opponents clashed with police outside an elections office in the city of Santa Cruz.  Bolivia has a constitution and we should respect it,  said Olga Flores, who identified as a human rights activist and was among several hundred protesters braving the rain in La Paz. Others chanted  Bolivia said no!   Morales, a former coca farmer in power since 2006, had previously accepted the results of a referendum in 2016, when 51 percent of voters rejected his proposal to end term limits. He later reversed course, saying that while he was willing to leave office, his supporters were pushing for him to stay.  The U.S. State Department disputed that position.   Twice in the last decade, the Bolivian people have expressed their opposition to the concept of indefinite reelection for elected officials,  the department s statement said. It referred to a vote in favor of the current constitution in 2009 and the 2016 referendum.   Morales  administration dismissed the criticism.  It looks like they are trying to tell us who our candidates should be,  the minister of the presidency, Rene Martinez, said. He said right-wing political forces in Bolivia had joined  with the United States and the Organization of American States to stop Morales from running again. Historically unstable Bolivia has enjoyed relative calm and  prosperity under Morales, the country s first indigenous president. Approval ratings for Morales, a fierce critic of capitalism and ally of embattled Venezuelan socialist leader Nicolas Maduro, hover at around 50 percent. In September, Morales  Movement to Socialism party asked the courts to rescind legal limits barring elected authorities from seeking reelection indefinitely. Morales says his first election took place under Bolivia s previous constitution and therefore did not count under the now-defunct two-term rule. ",1
13397,North Korea images suggest missile capable of hitting all America: U.S. experts,"WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Reuters) - Images released by North Korea on Thursday appeared to show it has succeeded in developing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon anywhere in the United States and it could be only two or three tests away from being declared combat ready, U.S.-based experts said on Thursday.    North Korea released dozens of photos and a video after Wednesday s launch of the new Hwasong-15 missile, and leader Kim Jong Un declared the country had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force . U.S.-based experts, some of whom have been skeptical about past North Korean claims to have put all of the United States in range, said data from the latest test and the photos appeared to confirm North Korea has a missile of sufficient power to deliver a nuclear warhead anywhere in America. Experts and U.S. officials say questions remain about  whether it has a re-entry vehicle capable of protecting a nuclear warhead as it speeds toward its target and about the accuracy of its guidance systems. In an analysis for the Washington-based 38 North think tank, missile expert Michael Elleman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies said the North Korean photos showed a missile considerably larger than its predecessor.  Initial calculations indicate the new missile could deliver a moderately sized nuclear weapon to any city on the U.S. mainland,  Elleman said. Elleman said the missile was large and powerful enough to carry simple decoys or other countermeasures to challenge U.S. missile defenses.  A handful of additional flight tests are needed to validate the Hwasong-15 s performance and reliability, and likely establish the efficacy of a protection system needed to ensure the warhead survives the rigors of atmospheric re-entry,  Elleman wrote. Only two or three more tests might be needed if North Korea could accept low confidence in the missile s reliability. Another missile expert, whose employer does not allow him to speak publicly to the media, agreed with Elleman s assessment.  If North Korea does not make high demands on the reliability or accuracy of the missile ... two or three more tests would suffice.  So long as North Korea can hit U.S. cities with thermonuclear warheads, they probably don t need the ability hit every city they target or target specific aim points within those cities to convince the U.S. leadership that war with North Korea would be too expensive to contemplate.  In a call with U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in said the missile was North Korea s most advanced so far. But it was unclear if Pyongyang had the technology to miniaturize a nuclear warhead, and it still needed to prove other things, including re-entry technology. U.S. based experts said North Korea had almost certainly developed a warhead light enough to be carried by the Hwasong- 15, which Elleman said should be capable of delivering a 1,000 kg payload. Jeffrey Lewis of the Middlebury Institute of Strategic Studies said on Twitter the Hwasong-15 was  so big that the warhead wouldn t need to be miniaturized.  On Wednesday, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis acknowledged  the missile went higher than any previous test and was part of a North Korean effort  to continue building ballistic missiles that can threaten everywhere in the world, basically.   North Korea said the missile soared to an altitude of about 4,475 km (2,780 miles), more than 10 times the height of the International Space Station, and flew 950 km (590 miles) during its 53-minute flight before landing in the sea near Japan. The missile s large size was immediately apparent in the photos, which analysts said allowed for a more powerful propulsion system.  This is a very big missile,  said Michael Duitsman, a research associate at the Centre for Nonproliferation Studies.  And I don t mean  big for North Korea.  Only a few countries can produce missiles of this size, and North Korea just joined the club.  U.S. experts and officials said the missile still appeared to be powered by liquid fuel, something that made it vulnerable as it could take to up to two hours to fuel on-site before launching.  Earlier, one U.S. official told Reuters the missile could have been powered by solid fuel, but experts said North Korea could still be a few years away from being able to field a more versatile solid-fueled ICBM.   The photos appeared to show the missile with at least two large nozzles on its first stage, instead of the one large and several smaller nozzles on the Hwasong-14.  The first stage seems to use essentially the same case (as the Hwasong-14) but has two engines,  said David Wright, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, a U.S.-based nonprofit science advocacy group.  The second stage looks like it can carry more than twice as much propellant. The combination of those two things means it really is a new, more capable missile.  While the photos show a mobile erector vehicle being used to position the missile upright, it is not seen in photos of the launch itself. U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded that the test missile was fired from a fixed position, not a mobile launcher, three U.S. officials said. The massive vehicle was  100 percent  a domestic product of North Korea, state media quoted Kim Jong Un as saying. Western analysts said it is more likely the truck was one of about half a dozen vehicles obtained years ago from China, which North Korea has modified since then. (For a graphic on Rocket science click tmsnrt.rs/2j2S5T3) (For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests click tmsnrt.rs/2vXbj0S)    ",1
13398,"China customs handles 2,773 cases of smuggling from January-October: paper","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese customs authorities handled 2,773 cases of smuggling in the first 10 months of this year, part of a nationwide crackdown, the China Daily reported on Friday citing a senior official. The 2017  Sword Guarding the Country s Gate  campaign netted 233 smuggling cases involving weapons and ammunition, 474 cases related to illegal drugs and 86 related to endangered species, according to Huang Songping, a spokesman with China s General Administration of Customs. He said 56 of the cases involved rice smuggling, with traders trying to avoid paying duties on imports worth a total of 1.6 billion yuan ($242.09 million). Previous cases this year involved the import of Thai white sugar, with nine arrested for trying to evade customs inspections by disguising their ship as a domestic vessel and entering the port of Yancheng, which is not open to overseas traffic. China also cracked down on an oil smuggling ring in which a criminal gang bought 400 million yuan worth of overseas oil products and sold it to gas stations in Zhejiang province, the customs authority said in a notice last month. China s environment ministry said this week that as many as 259 people had been arrested this year for smuggling more than 300,000 tonnes of foreign waste into the country for recycling and reprocessing.     ",1
13399,Honduran vote count gives Hernandez 1 point lead over rival,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez extended the lead over his rival to just over one percentage point in a seesawing, delayed vote count for a presidential election that has sparked a political crisis, latest results showed on Thursday. The website of the electoral tribunal said that with 90.4 percent of ballots counted after Sunday s election, Hernandez had secured 42.68 percent of the vote in the Central American nation, with his centrist opponent Salvador Nasralla on 41.6 percent. The process has been disrupted by technical glitches, and Nasralla initially held a five point lead over pre-election favorite Hernandez until the count ground to a halt on Monday with more than half of the ballots counted. When the count restarted some 36 hours later, the results started to swing in favor of Hernandez, and Nasralla cried foul, rejecting the figures and saying that he was being robbed. ",1
13400,UK MPs cast doubt on plan to avoid Ireland border after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s intention to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Brexit is inconsistent with its plan to withdraw from the European Union s single market and customs union, a committee of lawmakers said on Friday. The Irish border, which will be the only land link between the EU and Britain after Brexit, is proving to be one of the most problematic issues in a slow diplomatic process which is testing the patience of politicians, businesses and investors.  The EU is looking to Britain to provide a solution on how to manage the flow of goods between Ireland and the British province without erecting politically inflammatory border controls. Britain has said it wants to withdraw from the EU s customs union, within which goods can move freely, but will not contemplate border posts or other infrastructure that could disrupt 20 years of delicate peace in Northern Ireland.  We cannot at present see how leaving the customs union and the single market can be reconciled with there being no border or infrastructure,  said opposition lawmaker Hilary Benn, chair of the Brexit committee which is scrutinising the negotiations.  The British government has said it is seeking a flexible and imaginative approach to the border that goes beyond existing EU precedents, and has mooted technological solutions or a new form of customs union. But ministers have been criticised by their counterparts in Ireland for a lack of detail.  Progress on the border issue is crucial to Britain s hopes of moving negotiations on to the subject of trade and future relations - something businesses are impatient to find out about as they contemplate the need to relocate. Deputy Irish Prime Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday that  significantly more clarity  was needed before a Dec. 14-15 summit which could agree the start of  phase two  talks on trade. The committee, which based its report on evidence from Brexit minister David Davis, also said the government needed to publish more detail on both its short-term plans for a post-departure transition period, and its long-term vision of a future trading relationship with Europe.  If phase two of the talks do start next month, then ministers need to move beyond words like  bespoke  and  special  and actually explain what it is they are seeking,  Benn said. ",1
13401,Argentina blocks some activists from attending WTO meeting,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina revoked the credentials of some activists who had been accredited by the World Trade Organization (WTO) to attend its ministerial meeting taking place in Buenos Aires next month, the foreign ministry and civil society groups said on Thursday. The 63 activists who had their accreditations rescinded were largely affiliated with the Our World Is Not for Sale network, said organizer Deborah James. The group opposes  corporate globalization  and has staged protests at previous WTO meetings. A spokeswoman for Argentina s foreign ministry told Reuters some individuals were not allowed to attend because they were determined to be  more disruptive than constructive.   WTO meetings often attract protests by anti-globalization groups, but they have remained largely peaceful since riots broke out at the 1999 meeting in Seattle.  We ve never had this happen before. It s totally unprecedented,  James, who is also director of international programs at the left-leaning Center for Economic and Policy Research, said by telephone from Washington, D.C.  The group posted a public letter including an email the WTO sent to certain participants on Wednesday discouraging them from traveling to Argentina for the Dec. 10-13 meeting to avoid being turned away at the airport. The Geneva-based WTO did not immediately respond to request for comment after normal business hours. The Financial Times on Thursday quoted WTO spokesman Keith Rockwell saying the WTO had asked the Argentine government to reverse the decision. Argentina s President Mauricio Macri has promoted free-trade policies since taking office in December 2015, and Argentina will host global events as chair of the G20 group of major economies next year. During protests that coincided with a World Economic Forum event in Buenos Aires earlier this year, security forces used water cannons and tear gas to control picketers who had blocked a highway. James said it was unusual for a government that had agreed to host an international gathering to deny entry to people who were accredited by the host organization.  The activists represented 20 different groups, including Friends of the Earth International and Global Justice Now. Nearly 500 civil society groups registered. James said she could not tell why some members were rejected and others not, and said she planned to attend.  They re not blacklisting me, and I m the organizer.   ",1
13402,Libyan PM Sarraj hopes for easing of arms embargo,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj said on Thursday that he was hopeful that a U.N.-imposed arms embargo would be partially lifted against some branches of the country s military. The Libyan government is allowed to import weapons and related materiel with the approval of a U.N. Security Council committee overseeing the embargo imposed in 2011.  ...We hope that this embargo will be partially ended at least against some of the military branches such as the presidential guard and the coast guard,  Sarraj, the head of the Government of National Accord (GNA), said before meeting with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis at the Pentagon. He was speaking through a translator. President Donald Trump will host Sarraj at the White House on Friday for talks on counterterrorism cooperation and ways to expand bilateral engagement. The North African country has been in turmoil since Muammar Gaddafi s downfall gave space to Islamist militants and smuggling networks that have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe. Political and military fractures have left the country mired in conflict. Rival parliaments and governments have vied for power. Libya s eastern-based military commander Khalifa Haftar is aligned with a government and parliament in eastern Libya. He has rejected a U.N.-backed Government of National Accord based in the capital, Tripoli, as he has gradually strengthened his position on the ground. ",1
13403,Exclusive: Yemen rebel missiles fired at Saudi Arabia appear Iranian - U.N.,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Remnants of four ballistic missiles fired into Saudi Arabia by Yemen s Houthi rebels this year appear to have been designed and manufactured by Riyadh s regional rival Iran, a confidential report by United Nations sanctions monitors said, bolstering a push by the United States to punish the Tehran government. The independent panel of U.N. monitors, in a Nov. 24 report to the Security Council seen by Reuters on Thursday, said it  as yet has no evidence as to the identity of the broker or supplier  of the missiles, which were likely shipped to the Houthis in violation of a targeted U.N. arms embargo imposed in April 2015. Earlier this month, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley accused Iran of supplying Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the United Nations to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions. The report said that monitors had visited two Saudi Arabian military bases to see remnants gathered by authorities from missile attacks on Saudi Arabia on May 19, July 22, July 26 and Nov. 4.  They also visited four  impact points  from the Nov. 4 attack where other remnants of the missiles were identified.  Design characteristics and dimensions of the components inspected by the panel are consistent with those reported for the Iranian designed and manufactured Qiam-1 missile,  the monitors wrote. The Qiam-1 has a range of almost 500 miles and can carry a 1,400-pound warhead, according to GlobalSecurity.org public policy organization. Saudi-led forces, which back the Yemeni government, have fought the Iran-allied Houthis in Yemen s more than two-year-long civil war. Saudi Arabia s crown prince has described Iran s supply of rockets to the Houthis as  direct military aggression  that could be an act of war. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons, saying the U.S. and Saudi allegations are  baseless and unfounded.  Iran s mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. monitors report.  Another ballistic missile was shot down on Thursday near the southwestern Saudi city of Khamis Mushait, the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya channel reported. The U.N. monitors said they gathered evidence that the missiles were transferred to Yemen in pieces and assembled there by missile engineers with the Houthis and allied forces loyal to Yemen s former President Ali Abdullah Saleh.  The panel has not yet seen any evidence of external missile specialists working in Yemen in support of the Houthi-Saleh engineers,  the monitors wrote.     They visited Saudi Arabia after the monitors called on the coalition to provide evidence backing Riyadh s claim that Iran was supplying missiles to the Houthis, warning that a failure to do so would violate a U.N. resolution. They said the missiles most likely were smuggled into Yemen along  the land routes from Oman or Ghaydah and Nishtun in al Mahrah governorate (in Yemen) after ship-to-shore transshipment to small dhows, a route that has already seen limited seizures of anti-tank guided weapons.  The monitors also said that while  concealment in cargo of vessels offloading in the Red Sea ports is unlikely, it cannot be excluded as an option.  The Saudi-led coalition used the Nov. 4 missile attack to justify a blockade of Yemen for several weeks, saying it was needed to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The United Nations had said the blockade could spark the largest famine the world has seen in decades. Some 7 million people in Yemen are on the brink of famine, and nearly 900,000 have been infected with cholera. ",1
13404,Germany's Social Democrats refuse to jump into bed with Merkel quickly,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrat (SPD) Foreign Minister said on Thursday that his party would not be quick to agree to another grand coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, as party leaders met with the president in a bid to end political deadlock. Merkel is casting around for a coalition partner after her center-right bloc shed support to the far right in a Sept. 24 election. Her attempts to form a three-way tie-up with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens failed. The SPD, which saw its participation in a Merkel-led coalition government from 2013-17 rewarded with its worst election result in German post-war history, had been strongly opposed to another  grand coalition . But under pressure from Germany s President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, SPD leader Martin Schulz has signaled willingness to discuss a way out of the political impasse. SPD Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told broadcaster ZDF no one should expect his party - still ruling with the conservatives in a caretaker government - to immediately agree to join another grand coalition now that talks to form a three-way  Jamaica  alliance have failed.  We re now in a process orchestrated by the president, in which we first need to look at what the possibilities are but no one can expect it to go quickly,  he said, adding that it was up to the conservatives to show what they wanted.  The conservatives, Greens and FDP took months to get nothing off ground so I d ask people not to put pressure on us,  Gabriel said, adding that the conservatives needed to make clear what they wanted. Senior conservative and chancellery chief Peter Altmaier told ZDF the conservatives and SPD had presided over four years of economic prosperity and the SPD needed to decide if it would give that up or reconsider its decision to go into opposition.  We re making the case for that because we think one of our trademarks, alongside  Made in Germany , is  Stability Made in Germany , Altmaier said. He added that many people expected Germany to manage to form a government, adding:  Everyone has to live up to that.  Steinmeier, a former SPD lawmaker and foreign minister, hosted a meeting on Thursday that lasted just over two hours between Merkel, her Bavarian conservative ally Horst Seehofer and Schulz, as part of his efforts to facilitate the formation of a stable government. The parties are all due to hold high-level meetings on Friday to discuss how to proceed. Sources in the SPD said all options would be discussed - ranging from a re-run of the grand coalition with the conservatives to new elections.  Merkel is set to hold a telephone conference with senior party members on Friday to discuss the meeting with Steinmeier but the conservatives do not expect the SPD to agree to official coalition talks until after its party congress next week. Almost two-thirds of Germans, surveyed between Nov.22 and Nov.27, want the SPD to start talks with the conservatives on forming another coalition of the center-right and center-left, an Allensbach poll showed. The atmosphere has been soured by the decision of the conservative agriculture minister to back a European Union proposal to extend the use of a weedkiller for another five years - a measure opposed by the SPD. In reaction, SPD members have called for compensation and set various policy conditions. German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a conservative, told reporters a stable government was urgently needed to move ahead on security priorities such as hiring more police.  He told the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper that the conservatives were trying to form a stable government with the SPD, if the SPD would agree. He added:  Only if this attempt fails do we need to think about other steps - not now.  FDP leader Christian Lindner, who walked out of attempts to form the  Jamaica  alliance, told newspaper Rheinische Post a grand coalition would be  more stable and more advantageous  than a Jamaica tie-up.The business wing of Merkel s Christian Democrats called on Merkel to  seriously consider  a minority government, warning that another grand coalition would only be possible for the price of  even more unaffordable promises  in social policy. ",1
13405,Chile's leftists stop short of endorsing presidential candidate Guillier,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - A coalition of Chilean leftist parties on Thursday challenged presidential contender Alejandro Guillier to clarify his social and economic policies, withholding the outright endorsement sought by the center-left candidate. Beatriz Sanchez, the flagbearer for the hard-left Frente Amplio coalition, also criticized conservative ex-president Sebastian Pinera, the frontrunner, and called him a  step back  for the country, in a statement issued after a party meeting. Pinera and Guillier will face off in a Dec. 17 runoff vote after placing first and second respectively in the first round of the election on Nov. 19. Sanchez, who campaigned on a promise to tax mining companies and the  super-rich  in order to boost social spending, finished just two percentage points behind Guillier.  Her stronger-than-anticipated performance spooked markets and ensured the bloc will have influence, both in Congress and over campaigning for the second round.  We are not the owners of anyone s vote, so we call on our supporters to make their voices heard in this second round, and to vote according to their own convictions and analysis,  Sanchez said on national television. She challenged Guillier to clarify his positions on her bloc s priorities, including overhauling the country s highly privatized pension system, forgiving the student loans of university graduates and re-writing Chile s dictatorship-era constitution.  This isn t about negotiating with us. It s about negotiating with those who overwhelmingly support these changes in our society,  she said. Guillier did not immediately respond to the demands of the Frente Amplio. But winning over Sanchez s 1.3 million voters is seen by Guillier s camp as essential in triumphing over Pinera. Guillier said at a campaign event on Monday that he  would need everyone s support  to advance. He has offered to forgive the debt of 40 percent of the country s poorest university students and said he remained open to rewriting Chile s constitution, both policies intended to appeal to leftist voters. But Guillier must walk a fine line, as a too-sharp turn to the left could push more moderate voters - historically a large and potent voting bloc in Chile - to Pinera. Both candidates would keep in place the top copper exporter s longstanding free-market economic model, but Pinera has promised investor-friendly policies to turbocharge growth, while Guillier wants to press on with outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s overhaul of education, taxes and labor laws. ",1
13406,"Israeli, Palestinian killed in two violent incidents","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli and a Palestinian were killed on Thursday in two separate incidents in Israel and the occupied West Bank, officials said. An Israeli man was stabbed to death in the southern Israeli city of Arad in what police said was  most probably a terrorist attack .  The investigation is continuing and police units are searching for the suspect who fled the scene,  said a police spokesman. Earlier in the day, an Israeli settler shot and killed a Palestinian man in the West Bank, in what the Israeli army said was a response to an attack by Palestinians throwing rocks, an account that Palestinians denied.  The Israeli military said the shooter had opened fire in self-defense as part of a group of settlers hiking near the village of Qusrah who had come under attack. Local villagers identified the Palestinian who was killed as Mahmoud Odeh, a 48-year-old farmer. They denied that any clash had taken place before the shooting. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the incident as a  cowardly act and evidence to the world of the ugly crimes conducted by settlers against unarmed Palestinians , his office said in a statement. The Israeli military said troops arrived at the scene after the shooting. Israeli police said they were investigating the incident. A wave of Palestinian street attacks that began two years ago has largely dissipated and it is uncommon for two deadly events to occur in the same day. ",1
13407,Niger approves use of armed American drones: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The government of Niger has approved the use of armed American drones, a U.S. official said on Thursday, expanding the U.S. ability to target militants in the region. Reuters had already reported that Niger had sought to arm U.S drones against jihadist groups operating on its border with Mali, but it had not been previously reported that an agreement had been reached. An ambush in Niger that killed four U.S. soldiers in October has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African country.     The U.S. official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the permission for drones had been granted earlier this week but the capability had not yet been used.  What began as a small U.S. training operation has expanded to an 800-strong force that accompanies the Nigeriens on intelligence gathering and other missions. It includes a $100 million drone base in the central Nigerien city of Agadez which at present only deploys surveillance drones. U.S. forces do not have a direct combat mission in Niger, but their assistance to its military does include intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance in their efforts to target violent Islamist organizations. ",1
13408,"Yemen's anti-Saudi alliance members clash for second day, three killed","ADEN (Reuters) - Three fighters from forces loyal to the former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed in a second day of clashes with their own allies from the Houthi movement in the capital Sanaa, Saleh s party said on Thursday. The two groups are fighting a Saudi-led coalition that has intervened in a 2-1/2 year Yemeni civil war with a view to restoring the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. A statement from Saleh s General People s Congress Party said three guards were killed when Houthi forces attacked the house of Tarek Saleh, Ali Abdullah Saleh s nephew, adding that they also besieged the residence of Ibrahim Sharaf, a party member and foreign minister of the Sanaa-based government.  The Houthis violated the truce agreement and attacked the residence of colonel Tarek and killed three guards and wounded three others,  the statement said. The clashes underscore the complex situation in Yemen, as Hadi s alliance has also seen similar internal fighting between his contingents and pro-independence southern forces backed by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition Local sources told Reuters some residents fled areas where the fighting, which involved heavy artillery and rocket launchers, raged for several hours for a second day. Four supporters of Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed when a gunfight erupted on Wednesday in the center of Sanaa, after the Houthis broke into the city s main mosque complex and fired RPGs and grenades.  Houthi fighters and battalions loyal to Saleh made common cause to fan out through Yemen in 2015 and have weathered thousands of air strikes launched by neighboring Saudi Arabia and its allies. Hadi s government is nominally based in the port city of Aden. ",1
13409,Mattis says has confidence in diplomatic efforts on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday that he still had confidence in diplomatic efforts on North Korea and the United States would be  unrelenting  in working through the United Nations.  I am not willing to say that diplomacy has not worked. We will continue to work diplomatically, we will continue to work through the United Nations, the United Nations Security Council and we will be unrelenting in that,  Mattis said before the start of a meeting with Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Seraj at the Pentagon.  At the same time, our diplomats will speak from a position of strength because we do have military options,  he added. ",1
13410,"No north-south Ireland border despite leaving customs union, British minister pledges","BERLIN (Reuters) - There will never again be a border dividing Northern Ireland and the republic, a British minister said days before a summit at which the Irish border issue threatens to derail Britain s Brexit plans. But in the interview with the Rheinische Post newspaper, international trade minister Greg Hands reaffirmed that Britain would quit the European Union s customs union, a move most experts believe would lead to the reimposition of a border. Currently, both parts of the island are members of the same customs union, meaning checks of goods crossing the border are unnecessary. If Britain left the customs union and no new checks were imposed, many experts warn it would create a back-door route to circumvent EU tariffs. As part of its negotiations to quit the European Union, Britain must satisfy the bloc s remaining 27 members that it has settled issues including its financial obligations, citizens  rights and maintaining a low-friction border between the two parts of the divided island. Failure to do so could bring a veto from any of the bloc s member states, including the Republic of Ireland, preventing Britain from moving on to a discussion of its future relationship with its much larger neighbor.  All sides, the Irish government, my government and the European Commission are committed to the peace deal that ended the Northern Ireland conflict,  Hands said.  There will never be a border between north and south.  Extracts of the interview were published on Thursday. He said he was confident that no veto would be cast at the mid-December summit. The 1998 Good Friday peace agreement between Britain and the Republic of Ireland was the crucial step that brought to an end decades of violence in Northern Ireland, partly by offering extensive provisions to allow residents of the British province to maintain allegiance to both EU member states. ",1
13411,U.S. urges Venezuela to release U.S. citizen held for 17 months,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department urged Venezuela on Thursday to immediately release Josh Holt, a U.S. citizen who has been detained without charges for nearly a year and a half and is in deteriorating health.  We remain extremely concerned for his health and his well-being,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a news briefing.  The decline in his health has been further exacerbated by the Venezuelan authorities  delays in providing necessary medical treatment. Sometimes they have blocked his care altogether.  ",1
13412,Son of Russian lawmaker sentenced in U.S. for role in cyber crime ring,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The son of a Russian lawmaker was sentenced to 14 years in prison on Thursday for his role in a cyber crime ring that stole and sold people s credit card numbers, the U.S. Justice Department said. Roman Valeryevich Seleznev, who pleaded guilty in two criminal cases out of Georgia and Nevada stemming from a hacking probe in September, was sentenced for participating in a racketeering enterprise and conspiring to commit bank fraud. The Justice Department also said he was ordered to pay more than $52 million in restitution. ",1
13413,Venezuela arrests ex-oil bosses for graft in widening purge,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan authorities on Thursday arrested two once-powerful officials who had run the oil ministry and state energy company PDVSA as part of a deepening industry purge also seen as a power play by leftist President Nicolas Maduro. In the highest-profile arrests to date, engineer Eulogio Del Pino and chemist Nelson Martinez were detained early on Thursday on accusations of graft and seeking to sabotage the nation s ailing energy industry, prosecutor Tarek Saab said in a televised speech.  He accused Del Pino of participating in a $500 million corruption and sabotage scheme at the Petrozamora joint venture with Russia s Gazprombank (GZPRI.MM) and said Martinez had allowed a poor refinancing deal for Venezuela s Citgo Petroleum Corp, a U.S.-based refiner that he used to lead, to go ahead without government approval.  We re talking about the dismantling of a cartel of organized crime that had taken over PDVSA,  Saab said as state television flashed a video of armed military intelligence agents knocking on doors and images of the two men being handcuffed and arrested.   Maduro has promised a vast anti-corruption purge to cleanse the oil industry of  mafias.  Some 65 executives have been detained so far, panicking PDVSA workers, depriving Venezuela s oil industry of much of its top brass, and stalling decision-making in the company overseeing the world s biggest crude reserves, insiders say.  The opposition dismisses the probe as a power struggle within Maduro s inner circle, noting that the industry has been under tight control of the ruling Socialist Party since early in the late President Hugo Chavez s 14-year rule. They say authorities ridiculed and dismissed a report last year by the opposition-run Congress, which concluded that some $11 billion went missing at PDVSA over a decade when Del Pino and Martinez were both influential officials. Insiders instead say the probe is politically motivated, likening it to a recent crackdown on graft in Saudi Arabia that has strengthened the power of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. PDVSA and Venezuela s Information and Oil ministries did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Reuters was unable to contact Del Pino or Martinez. In a video recorded before his arrest that he published on his Twitter account on Thursday afternoon, Del Pino defended himself and said he was the  victim  of an  unjustified attack,  but did not elaborate on who was to blame for his arrest.   We know there are irregularities, and I am the first who, through internal control mechanisms ... (made us) denounce and push ahead with investigations,  said a tired-looking Del Pino, speaking under a large tree. The arrests of Del Pino and Martinez have brought more attention to Rafael Ramirez, who was Venezuela s all-powerful oil czar for a decade and under whom both men ascended.  Maduro fired Ramirez, who was thought to have presidential ambitions, from his job as representative to the United Nations on Tuesday and summoned him back to Caracas from New York, according to people with knowledge of the situation. Those people say a protracted rivalry between the two men has deepened in recent weeks, especially after Ramirez wrote online opinion articles criticizing PDVSA s production slump and Maduro s handling of the economy.  Saab did not mention Ramirez by name, although both Maduro and top officials have recently repeatedly referred to his governance as oil boss as a time when  mafias  were formed and executives came to think of themselves as the owners of Venezuela s reserves.  Ramirez s next moves were not immediately clear. He did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday. Authorities appear to be seeking information on Ramirez from Del Pino and Martinez as splits widen in the Socialist Party, which is no longer controlled by the charismatic Chavez, according to one source with knowledge of the detentions.  Del Pino, wearing a Venezuelan national soccer team shirt, was picked up at his Caracas home, according to the source and a photo flashed on state television.  Oil industry sources say Maduro is using the graft probe to sideline political rivals and consolidate his grip on a sector that, despite falling investment and output, brings in more than 90 percent of the cash-strapped country s export income. The unpopular leftist appears to be seeking to shore up his position ahead of a presidential vote in 2018, when he is poised to seek re-election despite an economic crisis that has sparked food shortages and the world s highest inflation.  After surviving major political protests and pushing through a controversial pro-government legislative superbody, Maduro is feeling empowered, according to government insiders and opposition politicians.  To ensure he maintains support, military and political sources say that Maduro, who unlike Chavez does not hail from the army, has handed it more power.       Del Pino and Martinez had been removed from their posts on Sunday and replaced by a major general, giving the already powerful military further clout. The demotion followed the arrest in Caracas last week of six Citgo executives, five of whom are also U.S. citizens, as part of the graft probe, leaving the refiner deprived of much of its top brass.    The men s sidelining also deprives the Venezuelan oil sector of two of its most experienced executives, who were also adamant that the country must keep paying its onerous debt and avoid a debilitating default at all costs. Del Pino did not respond to a Whatsapp message, although his profile picture had changed to one of his children from a photo of him at a PDVSA event with red-shirted workers. ",1
13414,"U.N. brings Syria talks under one roof, not yet into one room","GENEVA (Reuters) - Representatives of Syria s warring sides sat just meters apart in separate rooms at U.N. peace talks on Thursday, but mediator Staffan de Mistura stopped short of bringing them together in what diplomats had hoped might be a minor breakthrough. Previous rounds of talks have gone almost nowhere, with de Mistura shuttling between hotels and meeting multiple delegations separately. A newly unified opposition had raised the possibility of face-to-face talks to speed up the talks. Although the two delegations were in the U.N. building concurrently, de Mistura kept them apart, dashing between their respective meeting rooms on either side of a corridor.   We are having what we would call close proximity parallel meetings,  he told the opposition team, after making similar comments to the government delegation, promising to leave them in the hands of his deputy while he went to meet their enemies. After several hours of talks, chief government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari and his opposition counterpart Nasr Hariri left separately, without commenting to the media. Hariri told Reuters on Wednesday that he was ready for direct talks and was prepared to negotiate with no preconditions to end the six-year war. He said his first words to Ja afari would be:  Despite all of the crimes which have been done in Syria, I hope that the regime can come ready to put the people of Syria first.  If the two sides do meet, it will not be their first time in the same room. In February, de Mistura infuriated Ja afari by inviting both sides to a ceremony to inaugurate the talks.   On that occasion, as de Mistura warmly embraced the opposition delegates, whom the government of President Bashar al-Assad regards as terrorists, Ja afari and his team walked out of the room without turning back. One Western diplomat predicted fireworks if the two sides sat down to talk at last, almost seven years into Syria s war, but he said the  sponsor  countries backing the talks - including Russia and the United States - would then force them back to the table, and the pressure would gradually be released. A European diplomat expected the opposition to be  pragmatic and flexible  but there was little chance of a big breakthrough.   I think we need baby steps, and we ve made such little progress in the years gone by, largely because of the regime s reluctance to engage in this, so to make some small steps now and develop some momentum would be very helpful indeed.  Hundreds of thousands of people have died in Syria s civil war and more than 11 million have been driven from their homes. Previous rounds of talks have faltered over the opposition s demand that Assad leave power and his refusal to go. Over the past two years, since Russia joined the war on the government side, Assad and his allies have recaptured all major towns and cities from the rebels. There has been some speculation ahead of this week s round of talks that the opposition could soften its demands in light of the government s success on the battlefield. However, at a meeting before the talks began, opposition delegates stuck by their demand that Assad be excluded from any transitional government under a future peace deal. ",1
13415,"U.N. extends Syria round to Dec. 15, presidency not yet on table","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Thursday that it was extending a round of Syria talks in Geneva until Dec. 15 aimed at shaping a political solution to end the war, but that the presidency had not yet been discussed. U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura said that the talks would focus in particular on a new constitution and U.N.-supervised parliamentary and presidential elections, as well as on 12 core principles that he declined to enumerate.  We have not discussed the issue of the presidency. We have been discussing the 12 principles. You will see they are of a broad nature but they have an impact on everything in the future constitution,  he told a news conference.  These are essential because they do refer to what could be a shared vision of the kind of Syria that the Syrians want to live in,  he said. Syria s opposition has always said that President Bashar al-Assad must step down, but his negotiators have refused to discuss the issue, and his recent successes on the battlefield have strengthened his hand.  I want to believe that that issue should come up from the Syrians through U.N.-supervised elections,  de Mistura said. With more than two weeks ahead, the round was effectively just beginning, he said, noting that the government negotiators had arrived late and might take a few days out to  consult and refresh  in Damascus before returning to Geneva around Tuesday. On Thursday he began shuttling between the two sides, installed in separate rooms off the same corridor, but he said having contact in person was less important than meeting on the substance, and the atmosphere was  professional and serious  on both sides. He said the talks had solid diplomatic backing, with recent support from Russian President Vladimir Putin, U.S. President Donald Trump, and Assad, as well as a telephone call from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the start of the round. The defeat of Islamic State in its main strongholds in Syria had also produced  a moment of truth .   All this takes place against quite a backdrop. It s just not a normal round of talks,  de Mistura said.   Have you seen how people are talking to each other, how those who were involved in the conflict for the first time are taking positions that are in the direction of a political dialogue?  And for the first time in eight rounds of Syria talks presided over by de Mistura, the opposition is represented by a unified negotiating team, raising the possibility of direct talks between the two sides. ",1
13416,"Saudi Arabia intercepts Yemeni missile, second in a month","DUBAI (Reuters) - A ballistic missile fired by Yemen s armed Houthi group at Saudi Arabia was shot down on Thursday near the south-western city of Khamis Mushait, the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya channel reported. It was the second ballistic missile fired from Yemen this month, after an earlier rocket was brought down near King Khaled Airport on the northern outskirts of the capital Riyadh.  A Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthis in Yemen has closed air, land and sea access in a move it says is meant to stop a flow of Iranian arms to the Houthis, who control much of northern Yemen. The blockade has cut food imports to seven million people on the brink of famine.  Air defense intercepted a ballistic missile, fired by the Houthis toward Khamis Mushait,  Arabiya said on its Twitter account, without giving details. The Houthis and allied militias loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who have fired dozens of missiles into Saudi territory during a 2-1/2 year war, said on their official news agency they had launched a mid-range ballistic missile that  hit its military target with high precision . SABA, quoting a military source, added the  successful test was a new start of locally made missile launches . Saudi Arabia and its allies, who receive logistical and intelligence help from the United States, accuse the Houthis of being a proxy of Iran. The coalition has launched thousands of air strikes against the Houthis who still control much of Yemen s main population centers including the capital Sanaa and the strategic port and city of Hodeidah. The conflict has led to one of the world s worst humanitarian crises and killed at least 10,000 people. ",1
13417,"In pre-recorded video, detained Venezuela oil minister says is 'victim'","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s former Oil Minister Eulogio Del Pino, in video shot before his detention and published on his Twitter account on Thursday, said he had been a  victim  of an  unjustified attack.  Del Pino, an engineer who also used to lead state oil company PDVSA [PDVSA.UL], said he would exercise his right to self-defense but did not elaborate on who ordered his arrest in the early hours of Thursday.  ",1
13418,Italy's Berlusconi sent to trial accused of bribing witness: source,"SIENA, Italy (Reuters) - Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi was ordered on Thursday to stand trial accused of bribing a witness in a 2013 under-aged prostitution case, a legal source said. Berlusconi, leader of the center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party, is charged with paying a piano player at his wild  Bunga Bunga  parties to give false witness at that trial, at the end of which he was eventually acquitted. The new trial will begin in the Tuscan city of Siena in February, the source said, not long before a national election which must be held by May at the latest. The 81-year-old four-times prime minister denies all wrongdoing in the case, and has always maintained that the parties at his plush residence near Milan were nothing more than elegant dinner parties. The new case will lead to unwelcome publicity for Berlusconi but may not have much impact on his prospects at the election.  He has already undergone numerous trials on various charges and with a range of outcomes, and most of his supporters either care little about his legal problems or believe his assertion that he is the victim of politically motivated prosecutors.     Forza Italia is the lynchpin of a center-right alliance  which is set to win most seats at the election, according to opinion polls, although they suggest no party or coalition will secure an absolute majority, leading to a hung parliament. Berlusconi is accused of paying pianist Danilo Mariani to lie in the 2013 trial when he was accused of having sex with 17-year-old Moroccan nightclub dancer Karima El Mahroug, better known in Italy by her stage name, Ruby the Heartstealer. Mariani, who was also sent to trial for alleged perjury, is one of numerous people whom prosecutors believe Berlusconi paid to give false testimony at that trial. The alleged payments to various witnesses are being handled in different courts around the country according to the location of the banks that received the money.  Berlusconi was originally found guilty of paying to have sex with a minor and sentenced to seven years in jail, but the verdict was overturned in 2014 by an appeals court, which ruled that there was no proof he had known Mahroug s age. Berlusconi s political career has been dogged by non-stop legal battles. After a conviction for tax fraud in 2013, he was barred from office, but this month he asked the European Court of Human Rights to overturn the ban. ",1
13419,France stops large shipment of radioactive Belarus mushrooms,"PARIS (Reuters) - France has stopped a large shipment of Belarus mushrooms contaminated with low-level radioactivity probably from Chernobyl and not linked to a radioactive cloud that appeared in southern Russia last month, officials said on Thursday. Earlier, the head of French nuclear regulator ASN Pierre-Franck Chevet told the French senate that traces of cesium had been found on imported mushrooms from Russia and did not mention Belarus. A spokesman for French nuclear safety institute IRSN said that a few days ago customs officials found that a 3.5 tonne shipment of Belarus mushrooms coming through Frankfurt, Germany was contaminated with cesium 137, a radioactive nuclide that is a waste product of nuclear reactors.  While the contaminated mushrooms did not represent a health threat to consumers, the shipment will be destroyed in a specialized incinerator in coming days, the IRSN said.   There is no link with the ruthenium 106 pollution,  the official said.  Earlier this month the IRSN said that a cloud containing radioactive ruthenium 106 originating from southern Russia had blown over large parts of Europe in October but added that there was no danger to people.  Russia later confirmed it had measured ruthenium pollution at nearly 1,000 times normal levels in the Ural mountains, but did not acknowledge any accident.  As the mushrooms came from Belarus, it is very likely the contamination originated in Chernobyl,  the official said. ASN did not reply to a number of Reuters calls later on Thursday.  Chernobyl, Ukraine is just south of the Belarus border and was the site of a major nuclear disaster in 1986. Cesium 137, which has a 30-year half-life, is still widely found in the areas around Chernobyl. The official said it was highly unusual for such a large shipment of mushrooms to be stopped and that none of the produce had made it onto French retail markets. Mushrooms, more than any other vegetable, concentrate radioactivity because their thread-like root systems spread over a large area for several meters on the surface around the plant. The IRSN said eating tens of kilos of the Belarus mushrooms would expose a consumer to a radioactivity level similar to natural ambient radioactivity during a whole year.  He added there had been no risk for the customs officials, even if they had touched the mushrooms with their bare hands. Earlier, the head of the French nuclear regulator ASN told the French senate that traces of cesium had been found on imported mushrooms and said there was no connection with the ruthenium pollution. French consumer protection agency DGCCRF said in a statement that the Belarus mushrooms had cesium 137 levels above legal limits but contained no ruthenium 106.  The agency said that following the discovery of the ruthenium, it had started testing samples of food products imported from the regions affected by the radioactive cloud. So far, it has not found food items with ruthenium 106 levels above legal thresholds.   ",1
13420,"Latvia, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovakia bid for Eurogroup chair","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Finance ministers from Latvia, Luxembourg, Portugal and Slovakia bid on Thursday to replace Jeroen Dijsselbloem as the head of the euro zone finance ministers, the Eurogroup, before a vote next week among the 19 countries sharing the euro. The president of the Eurogroup chairs monthly meetings of finance ministers and heads the euro zone bailout fund which has saved Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Cyprus from bankruptcy during the sovereign debt crisis. Finance ministers Dana Reizniece-Ozola of Latvia, Pierre Gramegna of Luxembourg, Mario Centeno of Portugal and Peter Kazimir of Slovakia all submitted formal applications for the job on Thursday, officials told Reuters. The decision is expected to be taken on Monday. The current Eurogroup chairman, Dutchman Dijsselbloem will step down on Jan 13 after two terms since 2012. He is no longer a finance minister after Dutch national elections earlier this year. He confirmed on Thursday that he had received four applications. Asked if there was a frontrunner, Dijsselbloem said:  I love them all . The chairman will be chosen by a simple majority of votes, so the winner has to secure the backing of 10 euro zone finance ministers. European socialists, of which Dijsselbloem is one, have been calling for the job to remain with a socialist because the European center-right already has many of the top EU jobs, such as European Commission president. Centeno is a socialist and has the backing of Italy, whose own finance minister Pier-Carlo Padoan also wanted the job, but dropped out because it is not certain he will stay in government after Italian elections due by May 2018. The Harvard-educated economist has led Portugal during a strong recovery from the country s 2011-14 debt crisis and bailout. The country is growing at its fastest pace in at least a decade and the budget deficit is set to fall to its lowest in many decades. In May, former German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble dubbed Centeno the  Ronaldo of EU finance ministers    a reference to the Portuguese soccer star   as Portugal was about to exit the EU s disciplinary procedure for running excessive deficits. Some in the Eurogroup say, however, say a minister from a country that had to be bailed out because of past policy mistakes would have smaller chance of getting the job. Many also say that Centeno has not contributed much to Eurogroup discussions in the past. Slovakia s Kazimir, also a socialist, has run a tight fiscal ship at home and has been hawkish on bailouts for Greece. Some officials say that among socialist candidates he would have the backing of Germany and the Netherlands. Critics of his candidacy, however, say that he has not taken the opportunity of Slovakia s European Union presidency to drive his economic agenda harder and show leadership. Gramegna is a liberal and has more of a centrist stand, although some colleagues have criticized his view on EU cooperation on taxes. Tiny Luxembourg also already holds the prestigious position of European Commission president. Reizniece-Ozola, 36, is the only female candidate and her party associates itself with the European center-right, rather than socialists, which could win her the support of center-right finance ministers. She is a chess grandmaster. Her critics however, also mention that as in the case of Centeno, she has not been very vocal in Eurogroup meetings so far and that she had campaigned against Latvia s adoption of the euro in 2014. In an interview with Latvian Television in March 2015 she said  she still hasn t changed her mind  about Latvia joining the euro. ",1
13421,"EU agrees registration rules for drones, downloads of flight recordings","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Drone owners in Europe will have to register their devices if  dangerous  and aircraft makers ensure that black box recordings can be downloaded in real-time if a plane is in distress under a sweeping reform of Europe s aviation safety agency. European Union lawmakers and member states reached a tentative deal early on Thursday on a long-awaited reform of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), which includes Europe s first ever rules on drones. Under the agreement, drones which can cause significant harm to people either by crashing into them or presenting risks to privacy, security or the environment, will have to be registered.   Dangerous  drones will be defined as having a kinetic energy of over 80 joules based on their mass and maximum speed. The European Parliament had pushed for a registration threshold of 250 grammes but EU governments resisted. The rules will apply to all drones, including ones sold in shops for private use.  The drone industry is soaring and has potential uses in agriculture, delivery, mapping, building maintenance. To ensure these activities develop in full security, a European regulatory framework will prevail,  said Karima Delli, chair of the European Parliament s Transport Committee. Risks posed by the increasing use of drones were highlighted in October when a drone hit an aircraft landing at a Canadian airport and there have been several near-misses between drones and passenger planes in Europe. EU member states and the Parliament had been bogged down in negotiations for a year, with disagreements ranging from drone registration limits to how much EASA should be bound by international CO2 standards to whether overflights should be guaranteed when air traffic controllers are on strike. Thursday s agreement, which was reached around 0545 CET  (0445 GMT) after 10 hours of negotiations, will need to be confirmed by both the Parliament and national governments.  Currently, drone rules vary from country to country in Europe. Under the deal, recordings of cockpit conversations in planes will need to be downloaded to the ground in real-time when an aircraft is in distress. The Parliament had pushed for the provision to avoid a repeat of the disappearance of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 which vanished three years ago in the southern Indian Ocean with 239 people aboard. The exact criteria under which aircraft will have to be equipped with black boxes whose recordings can be downloaded in real-time will be decided by the European Commission and member states at a later stage, a Parliament source said. The deal also ensures that EASA will not be able to go beyond international standards agreed at the United Nations aviation agency on pollutants and CO2 emissions, something with environmental campaigners and the Parliament had pushed for.  In the face of this missed opportunity, the European Parliament is ready and waiting for an ambitious plan for CO2 emissions reductions from transport,  Delli said. ",1
13422,EU and Britain agree settlement post Brexit: senior EU official,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has agreed a financial settlement with Britain, a senior EU official told Reuters on Thursday, under which London has committed to paying a set share of EU budgets after Britain has left the bloc. Following reports of British offers in recent days, EU negotiators have insisted publicly that work is continuing on the financial deal, as both sides also push to reach accords on two other key divorce conditions before a crunch meeting on Monday.  The official offer has not been submitted, but unofficially it has been agreed to such an extent that if no one decides to stage a last minute complete turnaround everything will be OK,  the official said. A spokesperson for Britain s Department for Exiting the European Union was not immediately available for comment.     Overall, the EU side was  optimistic  that agreement could be reached on the conditions to allow EU leaders to agree during a Dec. 14-15 summit to open talks on post-Brexit relations. The British government dismissed as  speculation  on Wednesday reports in British newspapers that it had more than doubled its offer to the EU to very roughly 50 billion euros. The EU official said there was no precise figure discussed because the amounts to be paid in future will depend on many imponderable variables, ranging from whether loan guarantees had to be exercised to the vagaries of the sterling-euro exchange rate and relative growth in the British and EU economies. Britain has committed to meeting an agreed share of the vast bulk of the future budget items which the EU asked for, the official said, adding:  It is a deal on what percentage share Britain will cover and on what items.  The official said the British share would be significantly less than 16 percent - Britain s share last year of the total output of the 28-nation Union. In any case, Britain s economic weight may decline as the pound has sunk since last year s vote to leave the EU, while even in sterling terms, the British economy has been growing more slowly than others.  The share of the economy used for the EU budget is also calculated somewhat differently and Britain has been entitled as a member to a special rebate.  Among key budget lines that Britain has committed to was covering a share of disbursements from the EU budget in years beyond the current seven-year EU budget ending in 2020.  We have agreed a certain formula how to calculate that share. So we take each line in the budget and apply the share to it,  the official said. British Prime Minister Theresa May had said Britain would pay its full share of the budget to the end of 2020 - the point at which the EU expects roughly to end a  transition period , during which Britain will effectively keep all its obligations and most rights in the EU after Brexit in March 2019, while losing its vote on laws. But the EU, which originally estimated the likely  Brexit bill  at roughly 60 billion euros, had demanded Britain also pay its share of items, committed to during that seven-year 2014-2020 budget but not actually disbursed until years later.  All in all, they are ready to pay a suitable, fair price for moving on to the second phase. This is what they want,  the official said of May s push to convince fellow EU leaders to open talks next month on a transition and future trade pact.  They want as soon as possible to solve the transition period issues, because they are afraid companies will start moving,  he added, saying that broadly speaking London was going to be  paying all the EU wanted . ",1
13423,Turkey's Ziraat Bank denies Zarrab allegations regarding the bank: official,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish lender Ziraat Bank denied allegations made on Thursday by a Turkish-Iranian gold trader in a New York court who said Ziraat sought to take part in an Iranian money laundering scheme, a senior bank official told Reuters. The bank conformed to international regulations, the official added. Reza Zarrab, who has pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors, is expected to testify in Manhattan federal court against Halkbank executive Mehmet Hakan Atilla, in a case that has strained diplomatic relations between the United States and Turkey. ",1
13424,"Pope urges decisive measures for Myanmar refugees, avoids 'Rohingya'","DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis called on Thursday for decisive measures to resolve the political reasons that caused mostly Muslim refugees in Myanmar to flee to Bangladesh and urged countries to help the Dhaka government deal with the crisis. However, just as on the first leg of his trip, in Myanmar, he did not use the word Rohingya to describe the refugees, which is contested by the Yangon government and military. In a speech before Bangladeshi President Abdul Hamid and diplomats hours after arriving under heavy security in Dhaka, the chaotic and dusty capital of 14 million people, Francis instead spoke of  refugees from Rakhine State . In his speech, Francis, who used the term Rohingya twice this year in appeals from the Vatican, praised impoverished Bangladesh s  spirit of generosity and solidarity  in helping  a massive influx of refugees from Rakhine State . The exodus of some 625,000 Muslim Rohingya people from Rakhine state to the southern tip of Bangladesh was sparked by a military crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25.  Scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, and refugees arriving in Bangladesh told of killings and rapes. The United States has said the campaign by mainly Buddhist Myanmar s military included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing . The military denies the accusations.  None of us can fail to be aware of the gravity of the situation, the immense toll of human suffering involved, and the precarious living conditions of so many of our brothers and sisters, a majority of whom are women and children, crowded in the refugee camps,  Francis said at the presidential palace.  It is imperative that the international community take decisive measures to address this grave crisis, not only by working to resolve the political issues that have led to the mass displacement of people, but also by offering immediate material assistance to Bangladesh in its effort to respond effectively to urgent human needs.  Even though his calls for justice, human rights and respect in Myanmar were widely seen as applicable to the Rohingya, who are not recognized as Myanmar citizens or as members of a distinct ethnicity, rights groups such as Amnesty International said they were disappointed he did not defend them by name. In studiously avoiding the highly charged term, the pope has so far followed the advice of church officials in Myanmar, who feared it could set off a diplomatic incident and turn Myanmar s military and government against minority Christians. Francis is due to meet a group of Rohingya refugees in Dhaka on Friday. In his address to the pope, the president of Bangladesh, which is predominantly Muslim, used the term Rohingya several  times and accused the Myanmar army of committing  ruthless atrocities . He called for a  safe, sustainable and dignified return  of the refugees to their homes. Myanmar and Bangladesh signed an accord last week on terms for the return of Rohingya, though rights groups are skeptical Myanmar will follow through on the deal and have called for independent observers for any repatriation. There are concerns about protection for Rohingya from further violence if and when they go home, and about a path to resolving their legal status - most are stateless - and whether they would be allowed to return to their old homes. The pope s visit to the South Asian country unfolded under heavy security. While Francis stuck to his custom of using a simple car, he was escorted by many armored military and police vehicles. The country was shocked on July 1, 2016, when gunmen stormed a caf  in Dhaka s upscale Gulshan neighborhood, killing 22 people, most of them foreigners, in an overnight siege. Islamic State militants claimed responsibility.   ",1
13425,"EU, U.N., African leaders draw up emergency plan for migrants in Libya","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - The European Union, United Nations and African Union have agreed to an emergency plan to dismantle people-smuggling networks and repatriate stranded migrants, in an effort to ease a human rights disaster in Libya, officials said.  Images broadcast by CNN earlier this month appeared to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves by Libyan traffickers, sparking outrage in Europe and anger in Africa. It forced the issue of abuse of African migrants heading for Europe to the top of the agenda of a summit meant to focus on Africa s youth.  European Council President Donald Tusk called the slavery reports  horrifying  during the opening ceremony of the African Union-European Union summit on Wednesday.  French President Emmanuel Macron said the plan included the establishment of an  operational task-force  composed of European and African police and intelligence services.  The goal will be in very short order to be able to arrest identified traffickers, dismantle these networks and their financing which goes through banks and payments that in the region contribute ... to sustaining terrorism,  he said late on Wednesday.  France would use its military presence in the region to help break up trafficking networks, but the plan would not involve sending French troops into Libya, Macron said at a press conference in Ghana on Thursday.   On Libyan soil, it is now up to the Libyan government to decide in connection with the African Union,  he said.  It is important to preserve the sovereignty of Libya.     The plan, the details of which emerged on Thursday, came from a meeting of UN officials, EU leaders and government representatives from Chad, Niger, Morocco, Congo and Libya that was called by France on Wednesday. The European Union, African Union and United Nations agreed to freeze assets and impose financial sanctions against known smugglers.  Libya s government, which has promised to investigate  reports of slave auctions, said it would grant U.N. agencies access to migrant camps in areas under its control, German officials said.  EU countries, meanwhile, will finance the repatriation of migrants from Libya, a process that is already being organized by the International Organization for Migration, they said.  Allowing Africans to come to Europe on a temporary basis for three of four years of training or schooling was also discussed, according to European government officials.  Circular migration  could be key to easing illegal migration, experts have said.     Regional governments have also agreed to educate Africans about the dangers of migration, and there will be stronger coordination between security services across North, West and Central Africa to eradicate smuggling.  Vulnerable migrants who might eventually qualify for asylum will be brought to Chad or Niger before being relocated to a third country either in Europe or another region.  ",1
13426,Year of protests and crisis in volatile Venezuela,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Even by the volatile and violent standards of recent times in Venezuela, 2017 was an exceptional year, a  perfect storm  of political and economic crisis.  Going into a fourth year of crippling recession, Venezuela s 30 million people found themselves skipping meals, suffering shortages of basic foods and medicines, jostling in lines for ever-scarcer subsidized goods, unable to keep up with dizzying inflation rates, and emigrating in ever larger numbers.  In unprecedented scenes for the once-prosperous OPEC nation, some citizens survived only by scavenging through garbage.  Not surprisingly in that context, President Nicolas Maduro s ruling Socialists   the inheritors of Hugo Chavez s  21st century revolution  - - lost popularity on the street, and the opposition coalition sensed a chance to unseat them.  The tipping point came in March when the pro-Maduro Supreme Court essentially took over functions of the opposition-led National Assembly. Though the controversial ruling was later modified, it was a trigger and rallying cry for the opposition, which began a campaign of street protests that ran from April to July.  Hundreds of thousands took to the streets across Venezuela, decrying economic hardship, demanding a presidential election, urging a foreign humanitarian aid corridor, and seeking freedom for scores of jailed activists.  Slogans that read  Maduro, murderer!  and  Maduro, dictator!  began appearing on roads and walls around the country. Though the majority of protesters were peaceful, youths wearing masks and brandishing homemade Viking-style shields started turning up at the front of rallies to taunt security forces.  When police and National Guard soldiers blocked marches, youths threw Molotov cocktails and stones. The security forces quickly escalated tactics, routinely turning water-cannons on the protesters and firing teargas into crowds. Guns appeared on the streets, and on several occasions security officials were caught on camera firing directly at demonstrators. Police were targeted with homemade explosives. Opposition supporters burned one man alive.  The deaths, injuries and arrests mounted. Over the chaotic months, at least 125 people died, thousands were injured and thousands were jailed.  Global opinion hardened against Maduro. Amid the extraordinary daily events, gangs burst into the National Assembly and beat up opposition lawmakers. The nation s best-known jailed opposition leader, Leopoldo Lopez, was released from prison and placed on home arrest to the joy of his supporters, then taken back to jail, then allowed home again, all in a matter of days. Venezuelans grew accustomed to navigating around barricades and burning streets as they tried to get to school and work. Some days, the country virtually shut down.  By the end of July, many opposition supporters feared for their lives and protest numbers dwindled. Maduro said he was defeating a U.S.-backed coup attempt and authorities held an election, which the opposition boycotted, for an all-powerful Constituent Assembly charged with imposing order on the country. Having failed to block the Constituent Assembly, the protests fizzled out, leaving opposition supporters nursing their wounds and planning their next moves.  They decided to tackle Maduro at the ballot-box in regional elections in October, but that backfired badly when they lost most of the governorships despite polls showing they would win. The opposition alleged fraud, but their complaints did not get traction and Maduro cemented his authority.  In November, Venezuela said it planned to renegotiate its entire foreign debt, adding another dimension to the deepening national crisis. (See reut.rs/2AdRQ0Q for related photo essay)   ",1
13427,Trump's Gulf policies impulsive and dangerous: Iranian minister,"ROME (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s policies in the Gulf are dangerous and misguided, Iran s foreign minister said on Thursday, adding that pressure from Washington had only succeeded in strengthening Tehran s resolve. Speaking at a conference in Rome, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif criticized Trump for seeking to renegotiate a 2015 deal aimed at curbing Iran s nuclear program. He also questioned the U.S. response to a crisis between Qatar and its neighbors.  We have problems with the policies that are coming from Washington and I believe those policies are extremely dangerous, impulsive, not grounded in reality,  Zarif said.  Generally a revision, or a reorientation, or a cognitive adjustment to our region is highly necessary in Washington.   He said Trump did not understand the nature of the nuclear accord and was trying to dissuade foreign investors from doing business in Iran.  In spite of the arm twisting, more and more European companies have been coming in,  he said. Zarif led Iran s negotiating team for the nuclear deal and faced criticism from hardliners at home over the terms of the accord. He said this dissent had faded over the past year.  The United States  pressure has in fact created more solidarity inside Iran. I am being attacked much less in Iran today than I was before Trump was elected. So I thank him for that,  Zarif said. Trump said in October he would not certify that Tehran was complying with the 2015 deal and warned he might ultimately terminate it, accusing Iran of  not living up to the spirit  of the accord. Other signatories of the agreement   Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and the European Union   have said they believe Iran is living up to its commitments. ",1
13428,Death toll from Somalia truck bomb in October now at 512: probe committee,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - More than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu in October, a Somali committee looking into the attack said on Thursday, raising the death toll from at least 358.  In the incidents on Oct. 14, a truck bomb exploded outside a busy hotel at the K5 intersection lined with government offices, restaurants and kiosks. A second blast struck Medina district two hours later. The impact of the truck bomb was worsened by it exploding next to a fuel tanker that increased its intensity and left many bodies being burnt or mutilated beyond recognition. By Oct. 20, the government said the toll had reached 358. It set up a committee, known as the Zobe Rescue Committee, to establish a more accurate death toll by talking to relatives of those who may have been at the site of the blasts.  So far we have confirmed 512 people died in last month s explosion ... (Some) 316 others were also injured in that blast,  Abdullahi Mohamed Shirwac, the committee s chairman, told Reuters on Thursday. There was no immediate comment from the government on the latest toll. The bomb attacks were the deadliest since Islamist militant group al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007. Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility, but the method and type of attack - a large truck bomb - is increasingly used by the al Qaeda-linked organization. Al Shabaab stages regular attacks in the capital and other parts of the country. Although the group says it targets the government and security forces, it has detonated large bombs in crowded public areas before. It has sometimes not claimed responsibility for bombings that provoked a big public backlash, such as the 2009 suicide bombing of a graduation ceremony for medical students. ",1
13429,Israel's embassy in Jordan can't reopen before legal action against guard - source,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan will not allow Israel to reopen its embassy in Amman until it has launched legal proceedings against an Israeli security guard who shot dead two Jordanian citizens in July, a Jordanian diplomatic source said on Thursday. Israel must also be able to assure its Arab neighbor that  justice has been served  in the case, the senior source said,  asking not to be named. The embassy was closed shortly after Israel hastily repatriated the guard under diplomatic immunity to prevent  Jordanian authorities from interrogating him and taking any legal action against him. The Israeli ambassador and embassy staff were pulled out. Israeli sources said on Wednesday they were planning to replace Ambassador Einat Schlein at the Amman embassy in an effort to improve ties. However they did not address the long-standing Jordanian demand to take legal action against the security guard.   They can look for a new ambassador but that ambassador will not be welcome in Jordan until a due legal process takes its course and justice is served,  the diplomatic source said.  Our position remains solid in Jordan.. The embassy will not reopen until these conditions are met... which is the position we took from the very beginning,  he added. Jordan maintains that even if the guard had diplomatic immunity that did not mean he could not be punished.    The guard enjoyed immunity and not impunity under Vienna conventions,  the source said, referring to the Vienna Convention that specifies privileges given to diplomats.  Jordan acted in compliance with its obligation under international law and Israel has to do the same,  the source said. Jordanian officials have treated the shooting as a criminal case and say the two unarmed Jordanians, one a bystander and the other a teenage workman, were killed in cold blood by the armed guard.  Israel said the armed guard opened fire after being attacked and lightly wounded by the workman, who was delivering furniture at his home within the embassy compound, and acted in self- defense, in what Israeli officials called a  terrorist attack .  A televised welcome and hero s embrace by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the guard enraged King Abdullah. In a rare outburst, the monarch accused Netanyahu of using the incident as a  political show  saying it was  provocative on all fronts .  The king called on Israel to put the guard on trial.   From the very beginning they had addressed this issue in a disgraceful way to politically exploit it,  the source said. The handling of the shooting has tested ties between Israel and Jordan, one of only two Arab states that has a peace treaty with Israel. They have a long history of close security ties. Many Jordanians, in a country where the peace treaty is unpopular and pro-Palestinian sentiment widespread, were outraged the guard was allowed to leave and staged protests calling on the authorities to scrap the 1994 peace treaty. Israel has said it is highly unlikely it would prosecute the security guard but has hinted at financial compensation to the family of one of the dead Jordanians.  ",1
13430,"Trump, South Korea's Moon discuss next steps on North Korea: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to South Korean President Moon Jae-In on Thursday for the second time since North Korea launched its latest missile to discuss their response, the White House said.  The presidents reiterated their strong commitment to enhancing the alliance s deterrence and defense capabilities,  it said in a statement.  Both leaders reaffirmed their strong commitment to compelling North Korea to return to the path of denuclearization at any cost.   ",1
13431,Video gives new prominence to charges of Libyan slave trade,"ROME (Reuters) - A video appearing to show men auctioned as slaves in Tripoli has put a long history of abuses against refugees and migrants there on the international agenda, the United Nations refugee chief said on Thursday. Grainy footage broadcast by CNN earlier this month appeared to show an auction of men offered as labourers to Libyan buyers for $400, prompting outrage and anger in Europe and Africa.  But migrants who reach Europe by sea have been telling stories of being kidnapped, imprisoned and forced to work for no pay for years.   Unfortunately, the horrifying abuses which that video made evident, made obvious to the whole world, are not new,  Filippo Grandi told Reuters in Rome.  The merit of that video is that it has now put the issue on the international agenda.  Some African countries recalled their ambassadors after the video was broadcast, and the U.N. Security Council held a special session to discuss the issue after French President Emmanuel Macron railed against  crimes against humanity  in Libya. Partly in response to the video, European and African leaders meeting in Abidjan on Thursday agreed to a plan to cooperate to fight smuggling and seek to ease a human rights disaster in Libya.   We ve heard finally authorities - Libyan authorities, the international community - talk about practical measures and how to respond to those abuses, to try to stop them, and to try to find solutions for the people affected by them,  Grandi said. More than half a million migrants largely from war zones in the Middle East and Africa have reached Europe by sea after setting off from the Libyan coast over the past four years, bringing with them numerous tales of abuse.  The International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said in April it had been told of  slave market conditions  in Libya and Niger. A Nigerian man, John Osifo, told Reuters in May after he was rescued at sea by a humanitarian ship that he had been forced into hard labor, treated like an animal, and beaten with a metal pipe.  For Libyans, our black skin is like diamonds,  Nicky Yong from Cameroon said. He watched two men barter for him when he was sold to work as a  builder , he said. After months of negotiations, Libya s U.N.-backed government in Tripoli agreed this week to open a transit center for vulnerable refugees, which will be used to house people before they can be resettled or evacuated to another country. The U.N. told Reuters in September it hoped to open the center, where refugees can be protected from smugglers and criminals, early next year.  Grandi said that more such facilities will be needed, and that the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) needs to have better access to the detention centers currently being run by the Tripoli government.  We will need to create probably more (transit) facilities,  Grandi said.  We will also need to have more access... to the detention centers to do the work that we want to do,  Grandi said. William Lacy Swing, head of the IOM, told the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday that it was working with partners to try to empty the detention centers in Libya. Some 30 centers, condemned as inhumane by rights groups, are estimated to hold  15,000-20,000 migrants. Hundreds of thousands of other migrants are estimated to be in Libya, and many of them are being held by smugglers under lock-and-key in a country consumed by factional violence since strong man Muammar Gaddafi was ousted six years ago.     ",1
13432,"Expect more war, hunger, Islamist violence in 2018 -Geneva think-tank","GENEVA (Reuters) - Humanitarian crises around the world will worsen next year with no let-up in African civil wars, near-famines in conflict-ridden regions and the threat of Islamist violence, a Geneva-based think-tank predicted in a report published on Thursday. The report by ACAPS, a non-profit venture that supports humanitarian aid workers with daily monitoring and analysis of 150 countries, examined the anticipated needs of 18 countries in 2018 and found little to cheer.  If 2017 did not look good, predictions for 2018 are no better: violence and insecurity are likely to deteriorate in Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Libya, Ethiopia, Mali, Somalia, and Syria next year,  ACAPS director Lars Peter Nissen wrote in the report. Next year Ethiopia will join northeastern Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen as places at risk of famine, said the report, entitled ""Humanitarian Overview: An analysis of key crises into 2018"". here In a separate report, the U.S.-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network said an estimated 76 million people across 45 countries were likely to need food aid in 2018, driven by conflict, an 18-month-old drought in the Horn of Africa and forecasts for below average rains in Africa s spring next year.  Rather than bringing stability, the prospect of elections in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, South Sudan and Venezuela is expected to exacerbate tensions and fuel violence, the ACAPS report said.  Islamic extremism will also continue to cause death and conflict, the report said. Despite the defeat of Islamic State in its main strongholds in Iraq, the group is expected to continue improvised attacks throughout the country to destabilise the government, as well as gaining strength and resources in southern Libya. Islamic State is also likely to increase its toehold in the Puntland region of Somalia, impacting the civilian population and clashing with its bigger regional rival Al Shabaab, which will increase the lethality of its own attacks. ACAPS said Islamist armed groups are also expected to take advantage of the withdrawal of government troops from central Mali, gaining local recruits and further influence, while in Afghanistan the Taliban will consolidate rural strongholds and increased opium production will boost funding for armed groups. The fragmentation of armed groups in Central African Republic is expected to worsen the violence there, sending more refugees into Cameroon and Democratic Republic of Congo, where President Joseph Kabila is unlikely to leave power until 2019, fuelling frustration and violent protest, the report said.  Militia groups previously focused on local grievances will likely become increasingly frustrated by the national, political, and socioeconomic situation and are likely to increase violence, particularly against government forces and institutions,  the report said. ",1
13433,Mexico ruling party hopeful 14 points adrift in presidential poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The newly unveiled presidential contender of Mexico s ruling party, Jose Antonio Meade, lags his main rival, leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, by some 14 percentage points, an opinion poll showed on Thursday. The voter survey, by daily newspaper Reforma, showed Meade, who resigned as finance minister on Nov. 27 to seek the nomination of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), polling 17 percent support against Lopez Obrador s 31 percent. Mexico elects a new president in July 2018, and though the PRI will not formally choose its candidate until Feb. 18, the party is already swinging behind Meade, even though he is not a member. The credibility of the PRI, which has dominated Mexican politics for most of the past century, has been seriously undermined by graft, gang violence and accusations of electoral fraud. Meade has, however, avoided corruption scandals in office, and part of his appeal rests on his status as an outsider.  Meade also held ministerial posts in the 2006-2012 administration of the center-right National Action Party (PAN), and the PRI hopes his pedigree will enable him to pick up votes from rival parties. The poll, conducted Nov. 23-27, surveyed 1,200 Mexicans and had a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points, Reforma said. The dates suggest it was carried out largely before Meade announced his intention to succeed President Enrique Pena Nieto, who is constitutionally barred from seeking re-election. The poll put Meade two points behind a third possible contender, Ricardo Anaya, head of the PAN, assuming the latter runs in a cross-party alliance with the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), as the two parties have proposed. The PAN has been beset by infighting since it lost power and has yet to agree on a candidate with the PRD. Some inside the PAN have already indicated they could support Meade. In a scenario in which Anaya ran for the PAN alone, he and Meade each drew 16 percent of the vote, with Lopez Obrador out in front at 32 percent, the poll showed. Meade said on Tuesday  he was good with numbers  and expressed certainty he would win the presidency, but some of the figures in the Reforma poll underlined the challenge he faces. Seven out of ten voters said they did not know Meade, and negative opinions of him were five percentage points higher than positive ones. Only 13 percent of voters did not know Lopez Obrador and the balance of opinion was neutral. ",1
13434,Ireland demands 'significantly more clarity' from UK over Brexit border,"DUBLIN/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ireland needs Britain to provide  significantly more clarity  on its plans for the Irish border, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday, denting hopes that London was on the verge of a deal to move on to the second phase of Brexit talks. But British Prime Minister Theresa May s room to offer additional concessions to Dublin appeared extremely limited as the Northern Ireland party propping up her government hinted it might withdraw its support if she gives too much.  Avoiding a so-called  hard border  on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before Brexit talks can move to negotiations on Britain s future trade relationship with the EU and a possible two-year Brexit transition deal. A mis-step by May could bring down the British government or spook British businesses fearful of a cliff-edge Brexit without a transition deal.  We are looking for significantly more clarity than we currently have from the British negotiating team,  Coveney told parliament in Dublin, adding that  constructive ambiguity  from Britain would not suffice.  Hopefully we will make progress that will allow us to move on to Phase 2 in the middle of December,  he said.  If it is not possible to do that, so be it.  Britain in the coming days needs to demonstrate  sufficient progress  on three key EU conditions   a financial settlement, rights of expatriate citizens and the Irish border   for leaders to give a green light to trade talks at a summit on Dec. 14-15. With significant progress on the financial settlement and citizen rights, a deal on the Irish border would pave the way for Brussels to offer British Prime Minister Theresa May a transition deal as early as January. Britain s Times newspaper, without citing a source, said London was close to a deal after a proposal to devolve more powers to the government of its province of Northern Ireland so that it could ensure regulations there did not diverge from the EU rules in place south of the border across the island. The border between EU-member Ireland and the British region of Northern Ireland will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after Brexit, and Dublin fears a hard border could disrupt 20 years of delicate peace in Northern Ireland.  Ireland has called on Britain to provide details of how it will ensure there is no  regulatory divergence  after Brexit in March 2019 that would require physical border infrastructure. But any attempt at a solution will have to convince Northern Ireland s pro-Brexit Democratic Unionist Party, whose 10 members of parliament are propping up May s government. The party ratcheted up the pressure on Thursday by suggesting it might withdraw its support for May s government.   If there is any hint that in order to placate Dublin and the EU they re prepared to have Northern Ireland treated differently to the rest of the United Kingdom, then they can t rely on our vote,  DUP member of parliament Sammy Wilson said in an interview with the BBC.      European Council President Donald Tusk, who last week set an  absolute deadline  of Monday for May to demonstrate sufficient progress on the three issues, is due to fly to Dublin on Friday for talks with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar in a bid to break the deadlock. May will then hold talks in Brussels on Monday with EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, and will hope to secure a green light to trade talks at a summit on Dec. 14-15. Barnier said on Wednesday the summit would be able to discuss a transition period and that the EU would define a  framework  next year of the  new partnership  with Britain that would follow the transition. May has insisted she wants any new offers to be met with simultaneous assurances from the EU that it will maintain the open trading relationship which businesses are demanding to know soon if they are to maintain investment levels in Britain. ",1
13435,"In court first, Swede jailed for rape of children online","STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A man was jailed for 10 years for rape by a Swedish court on Thursday for forcing 27 children from the United States, Canada and Britain to perform sex acts on themselves or with other children that he viewed over the internet.  The case, heard in Uppsala, marked the first time in Sweden that a person has been convicted of rape without having met the victim - setting a precedent for such crimes over the internet to be treated as seriously as if they were committed in person.  The district court makes a very important assessment here. It states clearly what is required for an act performed by a girl on her own body to be regarded as rape when the perpetrator is not in the same room,  prosecutor Annika Wennerstrom told TT news agency.  This may lead to a different level of priority and status from the police in criminal investigations with these types of crimes.   The 41-year-old Swede found the girls via social media and threatened to rape them and kill their families unless they committed the sex acts on themselves, on other children or with animals.  The children, most under the age of 15, either streamed the acts to the man over the internet or recorded them and sent them later.  The man was also sentenced for a large number of acts of online sexual abuse of children and child pornography.  As a result of this case, Wennerstrom said the means of investigation and the penalties could change.  We will be given the opportunity to use other types of methods with this legal classification, penalties will be longer and the chances for compensation for victims will increase,  she said.   ",1
13436,"In warning to Ankara, EU cuts funds for Turkey's membership bid","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is set to cut up to 175 million euros for Turkey in 2018 that are linked to Ankara s stalled bid to join the bloc and could block some 3.5 billion euros in development loans earmarked for the country, lawmakers and diplomats said. In a symbolic stand against deteriorating human rights in Turkey, the 2018 cuts are likely to be the start of a longer-term reduction of pre-accession aid that is meant to help EU candidate countries prepare for membership.  As long as Turkey is not respecting freedom of speech, human rights, and is drifting further away from European democratic standards, we cannot finance such a regime with EU funds,  said Siegfried Muresan, the European Parliament s chief budget negotiator. Two EU diplomats said EU governments had agreed with the European Parliament this week to withdraw 105 million euros that would have gone to help finance political reforms in Turkey, as well as holding back another 70 million euros. Ankara can still access the 70 million euros if it improves its rights record, Muresan said.  Signaling the slow collapse of Turkey s decades-long attempt to join the European Union, the cuts are deeper than an initial proposal to reduce funds by 80 million euros next year.  They follow a call for action by German Chancellor Angela Merkel during her re-election campaign, who has described Turkish behavior on human rights as  unacceptable . Aside from money that the EU gives Turkey as part of its  2016 migration deal, Ankara was set to receive 4.4 billion euros from the EU between 2014 and 2020.  Some EU governments now want frozen funds to go to non-governmental groups in Turkey, not to Ankara. Next week, EU governments and lawmakers are set to decide whether Ankara should also lose access to some 3.5 billion euros of European Investment Bank loans that have been earmarked for Turkey until 2020 and that have yet to be assigned.  They are now likely to be made available to Ukraine and other former Soviet republics, diplomats said. Merkel has said the rule of law in Turkey is  moving in the wrong direction , a reference to the large-scale purge that President Tayyip Erdogan has carried out following a failed coup attempt in July 2016. While the EU condemned the coup attempt, the scope of Erdogan s response, his detention of U.S. and European citizens including dual nationals, and his jibes at Germany for what he has called  Nazi-like  behavior have soured EU-Turkey ties. Erdogan says the purges across society are necessary to maintain stability in a NATO country bordering Iraq and Syria. Launched in 2015 after decades in which Ankara sought to formally start an EU membership bid, Turkey s EU membership negotiations were always sensitive for France and Germany because of its status as a large, mainly Muslim country. They are not officially frozen, despite calls from Austria to formally scrap Turkey s EU membership program. That is in part because the EU relies on Ankara to take in Syrian refugees in return for billions of euros of aid. But a majority of EU countries, led by Germany and the Netherlands, say it no longer makes sense to fund political reforms in Turkey when formal EU membership talks have not taken place since last year. ",1
13437,Spanish court orders prison for ex-Salvadoran officer over priests' massacre,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish court has ordered the imprisonment of a former El Salvadoran army colonel for participating in the murder of five Spanish Jesuits in 1989 during the Central American country s civil war, a court ruling showed on Thursday. The ruling comes after the United States deported Colonel Inocente Orlando Montano Morales to Spain, where he is facing charges related to the massacre of six Roman Catholic priests. He arrived in Madrid on Wednesday and was taken into custody. Montano, who is being prosecuted for murder and crimes against humanity, will formally be notified of his charges next Monday, according to the ruling from the Spanish High Court. Montano, 74, had been in U.S. custody since 2011 when he was arrested outside Boston on immigration fraud charges after the Spanish government indicted 20 former Salvadoran army officers for the killings of the Jesuit priests, their housekeeper and her daughter. The group was targeted because one of the priests, Father Ignacio Ellacuria, was a prominent critic of the U.S.-backed right-wing government. The massacre was one of the most notorious acts of a decade-long civil war during which 75,000 people were killed and 8,000 went missing. Spanish judge Manuel Garcia Castellon said in his ruling on Thursday that Montano  actively participated in the decision and design of the murder of the Spaniards and Jesuits of an El Salvadoran University, Ellacuria, Ignacio Martin, Segundo Montes, Amando Lopez and Juan Ramon Moreno.  Montano, who has proclaimed his innocence, is also accused of overseeing a radio station that urged the priests  murder and participating in meetings a day before the deaths when a colleague gave the order to kill the men. The massacre occurred early on Nov. 16, 1989, when a group of soldiers from the U.S.-trained Atlacatl Battalion entered the campus of the Central American University where Ellacuria was rector. At the time, a battle was raging across the capital San Salvador as part of a nationwide offensive launched by the left-wing Faribundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN). Ellacuria had advocated a negotiated settlement to the war and the international revulsion at the murders helped to push through such a solution. The war ended in 1992. After a criminal investigation, two army officers were convicted for the Jesuit murders and jailed, but later released after an amnesty law passed in 1993. ",1
13438,What's wrong with a joke? Macron defends air-conditioning gag in Africa,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron has a reputation for disarming hostile audiences with repartee and humor, but his latest verbal jousting on a trip to Africa has drawn criticism at home. In an interview broadcast late on Wednesday, Macron dismissed as  ridiculous  suggestions he had offended Burkina Faso s President Roch Marc Kabore when he quipped with students that Kabore had left the room to fix the air-conditioning. The exchange came during a boisterous 90-minute question-and-answer session at Ouagadougou University earlier this week that followed Macron s promise of a new era in relations between France and Africa. When one of the students in the audience grilled Macron over what he would do about Burkina Faso s constant power cuts, the 39-year-old replied:  You speak to me like I m a colonial power, but I don t want to look after electricity in Burkina Faso. That s the job of your president.   Earlier heckles turned into laughter and applause. When Kabore later left the hall, Macron joked:  You see, he s gone. He s left to fix the air-conditioning.  Shortly after, a smiling Kabore returned to his seat. Macron s remark touched off a social media frenzy, splitting those who defended it as lighthearted banter and others who complained of paternalistic overtones.  Far-right rivals accused him of  bordering on racism .  That s ridiculous,  Macron said in an interview with France 24.  We have a relationship of equals, that means we can joke with one another.  Macron has courted trouble with his language before. He was widely criticized this summer after saying that Africa faced  civilisational  problems. In France he has provoked anger by describing opponents as  slackers  and urging workers to  stop kicking up a bloody mess .   Firing back at his critics, Macron said it was those who deemed it inappropriate to joke with an African leader who were guilty of patronizing the continent.  I would have had a laugh about it with any European leader with whom I have this kind of relationship. I don t with (German Chancellor) Angela Merkel, but I do for example with (European Commission president) Jean-Claude Juncker,  he said.  (Fixes typo in para 9, adds TV in media identifier) ",1
13439,Trump angers UK with truculent tweet to May after sharing far-right videos,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump sparked outrage in Britain on Thursday with a sharp rebuke of Prime Minister Theresa May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos.   As British politicians lined up to condemn Trump for sharing videos originally posted by a leader of a British far-right fringe group, Trump, in an unprecedented attack on one of America s closest allies, replied with an unrepentant message.  Theresa @theresamay, don t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine,  he tweeted. His truculent response caused anger in Britain, where there have been several major Islamist militant attacks this year, with one minister describing Trump s tweets as  alarming and despairing . London s Muslim mayor called for the withdrawal of an offer to him to make a state visit to Britain.  May, on a visit to Jordan, repeated her view, expressed earlier by her spokesman, that the U.S. leader was wrong for sharing anti-Muslim videos posted by Jayda Fransen, deputy leader of Britain First. But she did not directly respond to Trump s rebuke.   I m very clear that retweeting from Britain First was the wrong thing to do,  May told reporters in Jordan. She said the group was a  hateful organization  that sought to spread division and mistrust.  The fact that we work together does not mean that we re afraid to say when we think the United States has got it wrong, and be very clear with them,  May said. She added that Britain had a long-term, enduring relationship with the United States. The British ambassador to the United States, Kim Darroch, said he had raised concerns with White House officials.  British people overwhelmingly reject the prejudiced rhetoric of the far right, which seek to divide communities & erode decency, tolerance & respect,  he wrote on Twitter. Fransen, who was convicted this month of abusing a Muslim woman and whose group wants to ban Islam, is facing further criminal charges of racially aggravated harassment. TRUMP AND MAY ONCE HAND-IN-HAND Islamist militants have carried out several major attacks in Britain this year that have killed a total of 36 people, including a bombing in Manchester and two attacks on bridges in London in which victims were rammed with vehicles and stabbed. Trump initially addressed his rebuke to a Twitter handle that was not May s, though he later retweeted to the British leader s correct account. Always a pillar of Britain s foreign policy, the so-called  special relationship  with Washington has taken on added importance as Britain prepares to leave the European Union in 2019 and seeks new major trade deals.  Since Trump became president, May has gone out of her way to cultivate a good relationship with him. She was the first foreign leader to visit him after his inauguration in January, and they were filmed emerging from the White House holding hands. She later said Trump took her hand in a gentlemanly gesture as they walked down a ramp.  But she angered his many critics in Britain then by extending an invitation to make a state visit to Britain with all the pomp and pageantry it brings including a formal banquet with Queen Elizabeth. London s mayor, Sadiq Khan, said May should withdraw the offer of a state visit.  After this latest incident, it is increasingly clear that any official visit at all from President Trump to Britain would not be welcomed,  Khan, who has clashed on Twitter with Trump, said. British lawmakers held an urgent session to discuss Trump s tweets, with parliamentarians from across the political divide united in condemnation.  By sharing it (the videos), he is either a racist, incompetent or unthinking, or all three,  opposition Labour lawmaker Stephen Doughty said. Britain s Middle East minister Alistair Burt tweeted:  The White House tweets are both alarming and despairing tonight. This is so not where the world needs to go.  Despite repeated calls from opposition lawmakers to cancel the state visit, Home Secretary (interior  minister) Amber Rudd said the invitation still stood although a timing had not been agreed.  Outside parliament, there was more harsh criticism from the likes of Brendan Cox, the husband of lawmaker Jo Cox who was murdered in 2016 by a far-right extremist and Justin Welby, the spiritual head of the Anglican Church.   The U.S. ambassador to London Woody Johnson wrote on Twitter he had relayed concerns to Washington.  The U.S. & UK have a long history of speaking frankly with each other, as all close friends do,  he said. The videos shared by Trump purported to show a group of people who were Muslims beating a teenage boy to death, battering a boy on crutches and destroying a Christian statue. Reuters was unable to verify the videos. The Dutch embassy in Washington issued a Twitter comment on one of them, which Fransen had described as showing a  Muslim migrant  beating up a boy.   @realDonald Trump Facts do matter. The perpetrator of the violent act in this video was born and raised in the Netherlands,  the embassy said.  He received and completed his sentence under Dutch law.  Britain First, a little-known party on the periphery of UK politics, welcomed Trump s retweeting of the videos to his 44 million followers, regarding it as an endorsement of their message.   I m delighted,  said Fransen, whose own Twitter following increase by 50 percent in the wake of the furor to 78,000. She told Reuters Trump s retweets showed the president shared her aim of raising awareness of  issues such as Islam . The White House defended the retweets by the Republican president, who during the 2016 U.S. election campaign called for  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States , saying that he was raising security issues. It repeatedly refused to be drawn into the content of the videos or whether Trump was aware of the source of the tweets.  It s about ensuring that individuals who come into the United States don t pose a public safety or terrorism threat,  White House spokesman Raj Shah told reporters aboard Air Force One. ",1
13440,"U.N. rights boss condemns ""spreading hatred through tweets""","GENEVA (Reuters) - In a thinly veiled reference to U.S. President Donald Trump, the top U.N. human rights official on Thursday condemned   populists  who spread  hatred through tweets . Britain criticised Trump on Wednesday after he retweeted anti-Islam videos originally posted by a leader of a far-right British fringe party who was convicted this month of abusing a Muslim woman.  There are the populists   political hooligans who through their incitement   which is the equivalent of hurling racist insults, throwing bottles onto the field, attacking the referee and, as we saw yesterday, spreading hatred through tweets   seek to scramble our order, our laws,  U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein said in a speech in Geneva. A U.N. official, who declined to be identified, said that Zeid s remarks were  clearly a reference to Trump tweets but also others using social media in this way . (Refiles to add dropped full name of official) ",1
13441,Israel strikes militant targets in Gaza after mortar barrage,"JERUSALEM/GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks and aircraft struck militant positions in the Gaza Strip on Thursday soon after Palestinian militants fired mortar shells at an Israeli military post close to the territory, the Israeli army said. A Reuters witness in Gaza said he saw smoke rising from at least two targets struck by Israel, one belonging to Hamas and another to Islamic Jihad militants. Witnesses in the southern Gaza Strip said two Islamic Jihad posts was hit there.  No casualties were reported initially on either side. Israeli military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus said the militants  mortar barrage was aimed the Israeli army post and at construction crews working close by on the Israeli side of the Gaza border.  Israel has been constructing a sensor-equipped underground wall along the 60-km (36-mile) Gaza border, aiming to complete the $1.1 billion project by mid-2019. Conricus said Israel was not looking to escalate the situation but any further Israeli action would depend on what  Gaza militants did. At least three rounds of airstrikes had taken place by dusk, the Reuters witness said.   We remain ready with the tools necessary and the capabilities at hand should Hamas or the Islamic Jihad act aggressively again... We are not looking to escalate the situation or to initiate hostilities,  Conricus said. The train service between the Israeli town of Sderot close the Gaza border and Ashkelon to the north was briefly suspended but resumed later in the evening. The mortars were fired exactly a month after Israel blew up an attack tunnel that led from Gaza into Israeli in which 14 militants were killed. Following the tunnel demolition, Islamic Jihad vowed to retaliate but Thursday s action was their first significant reaction. During the last Gaza war, in 2014, Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel s superior forces and threaten civilian communities near the frontier, a counterpoint to the Iron Dome anti-missile system that largely protected the country s heartland from militant rocket barrages. Israel and the United States have called for Hamas to be disarmed as part of the pact between it and the Palestinian Authority, so Israeli peace efforts with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, which collapsed in 2014, could proceed. Hamas has rejected the demand. On Wednesday, Abbas s Fatah and Hamas agreed to delay the final transfer of power of Gaza from Hamas to the Western-backed Palestinian government by 10 days to Dec. 10 to allow time to complete arrangements, officials said. ",1
13442,More than 400 U.S. troops leaving Syria: coalition,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - More than 400 U.S. Marines and their artillery are leaving Syria after helping to capture the city of Raqqa from Islamic State, the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militant group said on Thursday.  Last month, U.S.-backed militias declared victory in Raqqa, Islamic State s former headquarters in Syria, after months of fighting with the help of the U.S.-led coalition.  With the city liberated and ISIS on the run, the unit has been ordered home. Its replacements have been called off,  the coalition said in a statement, using an acronym for Islamic State.  We re drawing down combat forces where it makes sense, but still continuing our efforts to help Syrian and Iraqi partners maintain security,  Brigadier General Jonathan Braga, the director of operations for the coalition, said in the statement.  Our remaining forces will continue to work by, with, and through partner forces to defeat remaining ISIS, prevent a re-emergence of ISIS, and set conditions for international governments and NGOs to help local citizens recover from the horrors of ISIS  short-lived rule,  he said. Officially, the Pentagon says there are 503 troops in Syria. However, as of last week, U.S. officials said there were closer to 2,000 U.S. troops in the country. The latest announcement would reduce that number. As that campaign against Islamic State winds down, it is unclear how many, if any, U.S. troops will remain in Syria. Most of them are special operations forces, working to train and advise local partner forces, including providing artillery support against Islamic State militants. Separately, Russia said it was already preparing to withdraw its military contingent from Syria, Russian news agencies reported. ",1
13443,Greece moves asylum-seekers from Lesbos to mainland,"PIRAEUS (Reuters) - Greek authorities on Thursday moved a few hundred asylum-seekers from the island of Lesbos to the mainland in an effort to ease overcrowding in its camps. Thousands of asylum-seekers have become stranded on Lesbos and four other islands close to Turkey since the European Union agreed a deal with Ankara in March 2016 to shut down the route through Greece.  I came to heaven from hell,  said 30-year old Mohammad Firuz, who lived for two months in a state-run camp in Lesbos. Firuz was among 300 people, many of them women and children, aboard a ferry that reached the port of Piraeus early on Thursday morning. The asylum seekers would be taken to camps and apartments in the mainland, authorities said. Lesbos is now hosting some 8,500 asylum-seekers, nearly three times the capacity of state-run facilities.    Violence often breaks out, mainly over delays in asylum procedures and poor living standards. Lesbos residents went on strike earlier this month to protest against European policies they say have turned it into a  prison  for migrants and refugees. ",1
13444,Turkish prosecutors investigating claims of Erdogan family money transfers,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish prosecutors said on Thursday they were investigating allegations that President Tayyip Erdogan s family moved millions of dollars abroad to avoid taxes, saying there were doubts about the authenticity of documents behind the claims. The chairman of the main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP), Kemal Kilicdaroglu, accused members of Erdogan s family earlier this week of transferring $14 million to a company in the Isle of Man, holding up documents he said proved the transactions had taken place. [nL8N1NZ43I] Erdogan dismissed the allegations as lies and said on Thursday Kilicdaroglu would  pay the price . Erdogan has dominated Turkish politics for almost 15 years and remains by far the country s most popular leader. Opponents accuse him of increasingly authoritarian conduct, especially since a failed military coup last year; but the CHP struggles to rally support in challenging the President. The CHP has not accused Erdogan or his family members or any companies it says were involved in transactions of any criminal activity. The Ankara prosecutor s office said it was launching an investigation into the allegations and that an official from the company which Kilicdaroglu named as the destination of Erdogan family funds, Bellway LTD, had called the documents fake.  It also asked the CHP to hand over all documents. Ozgur Ozel, deputy chairman of the CHP, said the party would comply with the request from prosecutors.  The CHP has also filed a parliamentary motion requesting an investigation into its allegations, but the assembly, dominated by Erdogan s ruling AK party, rejected the motion on Thursday. ",1
13445,U.N. seeks urgent medical evacuation of 500 from Syria's eastern Ghouta,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations called on world powers on Thursday to help arrange the medical evacuation of 500 people, including 167 children, from eastern Ghouta, saying the besieged Damascus suburb has now become a  humanitarian emergency . Nine people died in recent weeks waiting for permission from the Syrian government for the sick and wounded to be evacuated from the rebel-held area to hospitals less than an hour drive from the capital, said Jan Egeland, the U.N. humanitarian adviser on Syria. Russia and Iran, as well as the United States and France, pledged to help during the weekly humanitarian meeting, he said.  It would be incredible if they cannot deliver a simple evacuation of mainly women and children, a 40-minute drive to Damascus city,  Egeland told a news conference in Geneva.  We are convinced that we can do the evacuation if we get a green light from the government. We can then negotiate calm with both sides.  Dozens of mortar bombs landed on Ghouta, the last major rebel stronghold near Damascus, on Wednesday, a war monitor and a witness said, despite a 48-hour truce proposed by Russia to coincide with the start of peace talks in Geneva.  Eastern Ghouta, next door to Damascus, is the eye of the hurricane, it is the epicentre of this conflict. At the moment there are 400,000 people there,  Egeland said. In the past two months, U.N. convoys have delivered supplies to only 68,000 of the 400,000 trapped civilians, he said.   Our not being able to reach eastern Ghouta for many months in most of areas has now led to an undoubtedly catastrophic situation,  Egeland said. Acute malnutrition rates among children there is nearly 12 percent, above the 10 percent emergency threshold, and a five- or six-fold increase since January, he added.  In general I would say that no, there is no calm in this de-escalation zone, there is only escalation in this de-escalation zone,  Egeland said.   That has ended in eastern Ghouta except for (a pause of) two days only, there has been massive loss of civilian life, hundreds and hundreds have been wounded.   We need sustained calm to be able to feed 400,000 people who now beyond doubt are in a humanitarian emergency ,  he said. Civilians in Damascus have also been killed or wounded by mortars coming from eastern Ghouta, he added. In Hassakeh, in northeastern Syria, U.N. aid workers found a desperate situation, Egeland said.  They told about children walking around barefoot, recently displaced children, barefoot in the snow and the cold.  He hoped that the U.N. Security Council would agree on a resolution allowing cross-border aid to continue to enter Syria, supplying 2.7 million people in rebel-held areas.   It is my clear understanding from all members of the Security Council that none wants a break of the pipeline.  ",1
13446,Germany's Merkel tells Erdogan will speed up EU aid to Turkey: Turkish sources,"ANKARA (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday that she would work to speed up the transfer of financial assistance promised by the European Union to Turkey as part of a migrant deal, Turkish presidential sources said. The two leaders also agreed in a phone call to accelerate an improvement in bilateral ties once a new German government has been formed, the sources said. ",1
13447,France invites U.S. to Dec. 13 summit on boosting fight against W.African militants,"ACCRA (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron fears Islamist militants have scored military and symbolic victories in West Africa while a regional military force has struggled to get off the ground, a French presidential source said on Thursday. To help get the new G5 Sahel force operating effectively, he said, France has invited the United States to a summit with the five participating countries as well as the African Union and European Union in Paris next month.  Thousands of U.N. peacekeepers, French troops and U.S. military trainers and drone operators have failed so far to stem a growing wave of jihadist violence, leading world powers to pin their hopes on the new G5 Sahel force. The G5 Sahel initiative - grouping Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, Mauritania and Niger - faces an immense security challenge in a largely desert and weakly governed region and already faces questions over its financing and provision of equipment.  Emmanuel Macron believes that it s not going quickly enough and that the terrorists have registered military and symbolic victories, especially in Niger, and (that) it s urgent to reverse this trend,  the French official said in Ghana where Macron was winding up a three-day Africa trip.  The (objective) will be to accelerate the calendar for the support of the force, and the operational calendar.  The jihadist threat hit home again last month with an attack in Niger in which eight U.S. and Nigerien troops were killed, prompting American officials to forecast that U.S. involvement in the Sahel region would deepen. As well as the leaders of the G5 nations - all former French colonies - and the EU and African Union, the French presidential official said the United States had also been invited to the Dec. 13 summit. The G5 force is to eventually comprise 5,000 men from seven battalions and police the region in collaboration with 4,000 French troops deployed there since Paris intervened in 2013 to beat back an insurgency in northern Mali. It will also have to coordinate with MINUSMA, Mali s U.N. peacekeeping mission. MINUSMA has been frequently attacked in the north where Islamists have regained ground since 2013. A donor conference will be held in Brussels on Dec. 14 to raise funds for the Sahel force. Paris has also asked Saudi Arabia to help finance the force and representatives of the kingdom could also be in Paris on Dec. 13, the official said. ",1
13448,"Venezuela confirms ex-oil bosses Del Pino, Martinez detained","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s state prosecutor confirmed on Thursday that former oil bosses Eulogio Del Pino and Nelson Martinez were detained in the early hours of Thursday as part of a sweeping graft probe that is ridding the OPEC member of many of its top executives.  Del Pino was arrested for alleged participation in a $500 corruption scandal at the Petrozamora joint venture, while Martinez was held for allegedly allowing a refinancing deal for U.S.-based refiner Citgo to go ahead without government approval, prosecutor Tarek Saab said. ",1
13449,"North Korea's missile is advanced, but still some things to prove: South Korea president","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday a missile launched this week by North Korea was the most advanced of Pyongyang s arsenal, but said that the isolated state still needed to prove some technical details. Moon made the remarks during a phone call with U.S. President Donald Trump, saying it was unclear whether the North actually had the technology to miniaturize a nuclear warhead and that it still needed to prove other things, such as its re-entry technology. Earlier, the United States warned North Korea s leadership it would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out, after Pyongyang test-fired its most advanced missile, putting the U.S. mainland within range, in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. ",1
13450,Austrian finance minister says will not serve in new government,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said on Thursday he would not serve in the next coalition government being put together by the leader of his conservative party, Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz. Schelling, 63, had for months said he hoped to retain the finance portfolio and had at one point even suggested other countries wanted him to become the next head of the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers. But Kurz, who is just 31, and his party won last month s parliamentary election on a platform of change, despite already being in government, and Schelling s chances of remaining in his post were seen as slim.     After it became clear this week that Schelling was not in the running for the European post, the former furniture executive said he would step down from the position he has held for more than three years, though he would stay on until the next government is formed.  I am leaving politics altogether,  Schelling said in a statement.  The reasons for my decision are many, but I would like to maintain my business-like style and therefore not comment further on my decision.  It is unclear who will succeed Schelling, a relatively orthodox conservative who often joked that he was one of his country s longer-serving finance ministers of recent years. Kurz is in coalition talks with the far-right Freedom Party that he aims to wrap up before Christmas after his party won last month s parliamentary election. ",1
13451,Bangladesh could move some Rohingya to flood-prone island next year: official,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh could start relocating Rohingya Muslim refugees to a flood-prone island off its coast in the middle of next year, a government official said on Thursday, as it pushes ahead with the plan despite criticism from aid agencies and rights groups. Densely populated Bangladesh has seen an influx of more than 620,000 Rohingya to its southern-most district of Cox s Bazar,  fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar, since August.  This week, it approved a $280 million plan to develop the low-lying Bhashan Char island to temporarily house some of them until they can go home. The Bay of Bengal island, also known as Thenger Char, only emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast about 11 years ago. Two hours by boat from the nearest settlement, the island  has no roads or buildings and it regularly floods during the rough seas of the June-September rainy season. When the sea is calm, pirates roam the waters in the vicinity to kidnap fishermen for ransom.  We can t keep such a large number of people in this small area of Cox s Bazar where their presence is having a devastating effect on the situation on the ground environmentally, population wise and economically,  H.T. Imam, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina s political adviser, told Reuters on Thursday.  So, as quickly as we can shift at least some of the burden over to Bhashan Char, that will minimize the problem.  Rohingya have fled repression in Buddhist-majority Myanmar several times since the 1970s, and almost one most million of them live in crowded camps in Cox s Bazar. Mainly Muslim Bangladesh has said it aims to move about 100,000 refugees to the island. Some aid officials speculate that by raising the island plan, Bangladesh could be trying to put pressure on the international community to find a better solution to the crisis. But Imam, who holds the rank of cabinet minister, has denied any such tactic. He said the navy had started work on developing the island, money for which will come from the government. Bangladesh, however, would need financial and other help from aid agencies to move the refugees to the island, he said.  There are some organizations which have assured help but I won t specify who they are,  Imam said.   It s a huge project and includes the development of livestock. They will be given cattle, they will be given land, they will be given houses. They will raise their livestock, there will be other vocations that will be created.  Humanitarian agencies, however, have criticized the plan since it was first floated in 2015.  Having opened its doors to more than 600,000 Rohingya over the past three months, the Bangladesh government now risks undermining the protection of the Rohingya and squandering the international goodwill it has earned,  said Biraj Patnaik, Amnesty International s South Asia Director, referring to the plan to move people to the island.  In its desperation to see the Rohingya leave the camps and ultimately return to Myanmar, it is putting their safety and well-being at risk.  Myanmar and Bangladesh signed an accord last week on terms for the return of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya, though rights groups have expressed doubts about Myanmar following through on the agreement and have called for independent observers for any repatriation. There are concerns about protection for Rohingya from further violence if and when they go home, and about a path to resolving their legal status - most are stateless - and whether they would be allowed to return to their old homes. Imam said Bangladesh was working on those issues but did not give details.  In diplomacy, there are a lot of things that happen but then you don t pronounce them publicly,  he said.  A lot of back-door diplomatic work is being done. People are involved at the highest level.  For a graphic on Bangladesh's Rohingya relocation plan, click tmsnrt.rs/2kULcWn ",1
13452,UK PM May says Donald Trump was wrong to retweet far-right videos,"AMMAN (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to retweet a video from a far-right British group which she said was  hateful  and spreads division. Trump sparked outrage in Britain with a sharp rebuke of May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting anti-Islam videos from the deputy leader of Britain First.  The fact that we work together does not mean that we re afraid to say when we think the United States has got it wrong, and be very clear with them,  May told reporters in Amman.  And I m very clear that retweeting from Britain First was the wrong thing to do,  May said. ",1
13453,U.S. says ban-the-bomb Nobel winner won't make world more peaceful,"OSLO (Reuters) - The Nobel Peace Prize winner s campaign to ban nuclear weapons will not make the world more peaceful, the U.S. Embassy in Norway said, confirming its top diplomat will not attend next month s award ceremony.  On Wednesday, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) accused the United States, Britain and France of snubbing its disarmament work by planning to send only second-rank diplomats in a coordinated move. ICAN, a little-known organization that was a surprise choice for the prize, has been campaigning for the U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 nations in July this year. But the treaty is not signed by - and would not apply to - any of the states that already have nuclear arms: the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France, as well as India, Pakistan and North Korea.  North Korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile on Wednesday in a  breakthrough  that puts the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. The U.S. Embassy in Oslo said it planned to send its acting deputy chief of mission instead of its acting ambassador to the Dec. 10 ceremony, attended by King Harald and Queen Sonja and the highlight of the diplomatic calendar in Norway.  This year s Nobel Peace Prize to ICAN for its efforts in support of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, comes at a time of increased danger of nuclear proliferation,  the embassy said in the statement to Reuters on Thursday.   This treaty will not make the world more peaceful, will not result in the elimination of a single nuclear weapon, and will not enhance any state s security,  it said.  This treaty ignores the current security challenges that make nuclear deterrence necessary, and risks undermining existing efforts to address global proliferation.  Last month, U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Kenneth Braithwaite to the post of ambassador in Oslo, currently held by an acting ambassador.      While Britain and France will do the same as the United States in sending lower-ranking diplomats to the ceremony, the other two permanent members of the U.N. Security Council are taking different approaches.  The Russian embassy said it would send its ambassador to the ceremony.  The ambassador is planning to attend,  said Russian embassy spokeswoman Olga Kiriak. The Chinese embassy said the ambassador was unavailable and that it had no plans to send someone else instead of him.  We cannot be sure about the ambassador s schedule at this time. He is on holiday,  said a press officer at the Chinese embassy, who did not give her name.  ",1
13454,"Aktif Bank says has not violated U.S., international sanctions","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish lender Aktif Bank said on Thursday it had not violated any U.S. or international sanctions, after it was mentioned in the U.S. case regarding Iran sanctions violations. Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is a witness, testified on Wednesday that he had initially handled Iranian transactions through Aktif Bank. He said Aktif Bank at first hesitated to open an account for him and it shut down the account after receiving a warning from the United States.  No transaction violating U.S. or international sanctions has occurred on behalf of our bank,  the lender said in a statement.  We have and continue to cooperate with international and national institutions and the result of this case will not have negative impacts on us.  Zarrab said he used Halkbank to continue his transactions with Iran after Aktif Bank stopped working with him. A Halkbank executive, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, is a defendant in the case. Atilla has pleaded not guilty. ",1
13455,Kremlin calls U.S. Congress move against RT TV station 'very unfriendly',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Thursday called a U.S. decision to withdraw the Congressional press credentials of Russia s RT broadcaster because of its status as  a foreign agent  in the United States an unfriendly step. Kremlin-backed RT on Wednesday night published a letter from the Executive Committee of the Congressional Radio And Television Correspondents Gallery saying the channel s Congressional press credentials had been withdrawn due to its registration as a foreign agent in the United States. That means RT s reporters will not be able to have as much access to Congress as other foreign media.  It is a very unfriendly step. We are deeply disappointed,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call on Thursday. The United States decided to designate RT as a foreign agent in retaliation for what Washington described as Russia s attempts to meddle in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, something Moscow has repeatedly denied. In response, Russia introduced its own law allowing it to designate U.S. and other foreign media as foreign agents. Peskov said that the Russian parliament might give an emotional response to the new Congressional restrictions on RT. ",1
13456,Finnish court bans neo-Nazi group,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - A Finnish court banned neo-Nazi group the Nordic Resistance Movement (PVL) on Thursday, saying there was an  urgent social need  to shut down the group which it said spread hate speech and incited violence. Police had asked that the far-right group, which the Finnish intelligence service says aims to create a national socialist state, be closed down.  The association offends ethnic groups and spreads hate speech,  the district court in Pirkanmaa, in the country s southwest, said in its verdict.  In addition to offending and hateful expressions ... the association urges its supporters to use violence and harassment against alleged enemies.   There is an urgent social need to shut down an association like PVL,  the court said. A member of the group was sentenced to two years in jail last year following death of a 28-year-old man he had assaulted during a demonstration in Helsinki. Anti-immigrant sentiment has been on the rise in Finland, a country of 5.5 million where about 32,000 migrants and refugees arrived during Europe s migrant crisis in 2015. ",1
13457,China pushing billions into Iranian economy as Western firms stall,"ROME/ANKARA (Reuters) - China is financing billions of dollars worth of Chinese-led projects in Iran, making deep inroads into the economy while European competitors struggle to find banks willing to fund their ambitions, Iranian government and industry officials said. Freed from crippling nuclear sanctions two years ago, Iran is drawing unprecedented Chinese funding for everything from railways to hospitals, they said. State-owned investment arm CITIC Group recently established a $10 billion credit line and China Development Bank is considering $15 billion more.  They (Western firms) had better come quickly to Iran otherwise China will take over,  said Ferial Mostofi, head of the Iran Chamber of Commerce s investment commission, speaking on the sidelines of an Iran-Italy investment meeting in Rome. The Chinese funding, by far the largest statement of investment intent of any country in Iran, is in stark contrast with the drought facing Western investors since U.S. President Donald Trump disavowed the 2015 pact agreed by major powers, raising the threat sanctions could be reimposed. Iranian officials say the deals are part of Beijing s $124 billion Belt and Road initiative, which aims to build new infrastructure - from highways and railways to ports and power plants - between China and Europe to pave the way for an expansion of trade. A source in China familiar with the CITIC credit line, which was agreed in September, called it  an agreement of strategic intent . The source declined to give details on projects to be financed, but Iranian media reports have said they would include water management, energy, environment and transport projects.  An Iranian central bank source said loans under the credit line would be primarily extended in euros and yuan. The China Development Bank signed a memorandum of understanding for $15 billion, Iranian state news agency IRNA said on Sept. 15. The bank itself declined to comment, in line with many foreign investors and banks, including from China, who were  reluctant to discuss their activities in Iran for this story. The web sites of banks and companies often carry little or no information on their Iran operations.  With a population of 80 million and a large, sophisticated middle class, Iran has the potential to be a regional economic powerhouse. But with the risk of sanctions hanging in the air, more and more foreign investors want Tehran to issue sovereign guarantees to protect them in case the projects are halted. Economic ties between Iran and Italy, its biggest European trade partner, have been affected. Italy s state-owned rail company, Ferrovie dello Stato, is a consultant in the building of a 415-km (260-mile) high-speed north-south rail line between Tehran to Isfahan via Qom by state-owned China Railway Engineering Corp. The Italian firm is separately contracted to build a line from Qom west to Arak, but it needs 1.2 billion euros in financing. Though backed by the state s export insurance agency, it says it needs a sovereign guarantee.  We are finalizing the negotiations and we are optimistic about moving forward,  said Riccardo Monti, chairman of Italferr, the state firm s engineering unit, adding that the financing should be finalised by March next year. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi s promise in Tehran last year to oil the wheels of trade with a 4 billion euro credit line from Italy s state investment vehicle is effectively dead, a source in Italy familiar with the matter said. Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) risked losing the confidence of its many U.S. bond-holders who could sell down their holdings if the credit line went ahead, the source said. A few European banks have deepened trade ties with Iran this year   Austria s Oberbank (OBER.VI) inked a financing deal with Iran in September. South Korea has also proved a willing investor, with Seoul s Eximbank signing an 8 billion euros credit line for projects in Iran in August, according to Chinese state news agency Xinhua. But China is the standout. Valerio de Molli, head of Italian think tank European House Ambrosetti, reckons China now accounts for more than double the EU s share of Iran s total trade.  The time to act is now, otherwise opportunities nurtured so far will be lost,  de Molli said. Iranian officials attending this week s meeting in Rome sought to goad European firms and their bankers into action by talking up the Chinese financing and investments.  The train is going forward,  said Fereidun Haghbin, director general of economic affairs at Iran s foreign ministry.   The world is a lot greater than the United States.  Some Iranian officials remain concerned that investment could become lop-sided and are looking at creative ways to maintain investment links with the West, however.  The Iran chamber is encouraging Western firms to consider transferring technology as a way of earning equity in Iranian projects rather than focusing on capital.  It was also seeking approval to set up a 2.5-billion-euro offshore fund, perhaps in Luxembourg, as an indirect way for foreigners to invest in Iran, especially small and medium-sized Iranian enterprises, Mostofi said. The fund would issue the financial guarantees that foreigners want in return for a fee, effectively stepping in where banks now fear to tread. Most of the fund s capital would come from Iran, Mostofi said. For now, however, big Western firms remain stuck. Italian power engineering firm Ansaldo Energia, controlled by state investor CDP and part-owned by Shanghai Electric Group (601727.SS), has been in Iran for 70 years.  Its chairman, Giuseppe Zampini, told Reuters at the Rome conference there were many opportunities for new contracts but his hands were tied for now, partly because Ansaldo bonds were also in the hands of U.S. investors.  My heart says that we are losing something,  Zampini said. ",1
13458,Tillerson: China could do more to curb oil exports to N.Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday welcomed Chinese efforts toward North Korea amid tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program, but said Beijing could do more with its oil exports to pressure North Korea.    The Chinese are doing a lot. We do think they could do more with the oil. We re really asking them to please restrain more of the oil, not cut it off completely,  Tillerson said in remarks at the State Department. ",1
13459,"Pope urges ""decisive measures"" for Myanmar refugees but avoids ""Rohingya""","DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Thursday called for  decisive measures  to resolve the political crisis causing mostly Muslim refugees from neighboring Myanmar to flee to Bangladesh. But, just as in the first leg of his trip in Myanmar, he did not use the word Rohingya, which is contested by the Yangon government and military. In a speech before Bangladesh s president hours after arriving, Francis instead spoke of  refugees from Rakhine State .      He also called on countries to give  immediate material assistance  to help Bangladesh deal with the crisis. ",1
13460,"For some Russian oligarchs, sanctions risk makes Putin awkward to know","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The threat of new U.S. sanctions has spread anxiety among Russia s wealthiest people that their association with President Vladimir Putin could land them on a U.S. government blacklist, members of the business elite say. The list, to be drawn up by early next year, is part of a sanctions bill passed overwhelmingly by Congress soon after Donald Trump became president and reluctantly signed by him on Aug. 2 despite his avowed wish to improve ties with Moscow. Although those included on the list would not automatically be sanctioned, six people who are part of the business elite or close to the Kremlin said it was a major concern because the criteria for inclusion and the consequences were unclear.  People are on edge,  said a senior figure in a major Russian company.  If they classify you as close to Putin, just try proving it s not the case,  the figure said.  The Americans  tactics are clear: they need to cause pain in all ways possible for those who support Putin.  While most of the business elite remains loyal to Putin, the prospect of personal sanctions   which can prevent travel abroad or access to foreign bank accounts and freeze foreign assets   has prompted some to steer clear, the sources said. A billionaire businessman who has sat on panels of business leaders with Putin and in the front row of the audience when Putin addressed conferences has adjusted his diary to avoid such occasions, a source who works closely with him said.  He s simply been trying lately to show up less next to Putin,  said the source, who spoke on condition neither he nor his boss be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic.  Because it s not clear on what basis there could be sanctions. You get the impression anyone could get hit.  A source in the entourage of a second Russian billionaire said several oligarchs had chosen the tactic of keeping a low profile to avoid inclusion in the list. One billionaire businessman in the top 100 of wealthiest Russians spoke to Reuters in person. He said he could not get any clarity from his Russian political contacts about the threat. Asked what steps he could take to protect himself if he was included on a U.S. sanctions blacklist, he said:  There s no way. You have to leave.  He did not say where he would go. Unusually for one of Russia s billionaire class   a group that presents itself as loyal to the Kremlin - he expressed frustration with senior officials, including Putin.   The leadership (of the country) does not believe that the sanctions are going to follow the hard scenario,  said the businessman, speaking on condition of anonymity.  They live in a parallel reality. No one wants to listen to business.  Dmitry Peskov, Kremlin spokesman, told reporters on Thursday that he was not aware of any frustration among the business elite from the new sanctions.  We know nothing of such views. If they exist and appear, we are always open to discussion,  he said. Asked whether he believed that sanctions were aimed at setting up elites against Putin, Peskov said:  We are confident this is exactly the case.   The Aug. 2 sanctions legislation expanded and toughened sanctions already in force since over Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region.  The law is very bad, it s very broad, very incoherent, its application could have all sorts of consequences,  Andrei Kostin, chief executive of VTB Russia s second biggest bank, said this week, referring to the legislation as a whole. The list, to be drawn up by the Treasury Department, is set to name the most significant Russian oligarchs  as determined by their closeness to the Russian regime and their net worth . It is meant to be sent to Congress by the end of January, weeks before Russia is due to vote in a presidential election. Though he has not declared his intentions yet, most Kremlin-watchers expect Putin to run and polls show he would easily win. Sanctions lawyers say the list itself has no legal force and inclusion does not mean sanctions will follow. Other provisions of the Aug 2 law present a more immediate threat by raising the level of risk for firms that do business with entities already under sanctions. Nevertheless, Western banks have started making additional checks on people they deem to be associated with Putin, said an executive with a European bank that operates in Russia. The checks, said the executive, were prompted by the Aug. 2 sanctions law and included establishing whether the individuals, whom he did not name, had accounts with the banks concerned. The source did not say whether they were taking any action. Some people in Putin s innermost circle have already been on a U.S. sanctions blacklist since 2014.  Gennady Timchenko, an oil mogul and one of Putin s closest friends, called his inclusion in 2014  an honor for me . Timchenko s wife, Elena, had her bank card rejected the same year when she tried to pay for treatment in a German clinic because her husband was under sanctions. The planned list of oligarchs is likely to include people outside that circle, who are not unquestioning Putin loyalists yet could still be punished for their association with him.  Everyone s fearful for themselves, they re afraid of personal sanctions,  said a source close to a fourth top 100 Russian billionaire.  Because, what if the whole of the Russian establishment ends up under sanctions? No one knows, so everyone is afraid.  A senior source who is close to the government and the Kremlin said the U.S. authorities were trying to turn Putin s allies against him, especially with the presidential election approaching.  If all these threats become reality, in respect of other people as well, that will create powerful tension and discontent in the business elite,  said the source. ",1
13461,U.S. warns North Korean leadership will be 'utterly destroyed' in case of war,"SEOUL/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States warned North Korea s leadership it would be  utterly destroyed  if war were to break out after Pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile, putting the U.S. mainland within range, in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions.     The Trump administration has repeatedly said all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea s ballistic and nuclear weapons programmes, including military ones, but that it still prefers a diplomatic option. Speaking at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, U.S. ambassador Nikki Haley said the United States had never sought war with North Korea.  If war does come, it will be because of continued acts of aggression like we witnessed yesterday,  she said.  ...and if war comes, make no mistake, the North Korean regime will be utterly destroyed.  Haley said the United States has asked China to cut off oil supply to North Korea, a drastic step that Beijing - the North s neighbour and sole major trading partner - has so far refrained from doing. Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone earlier on Wednesday.  Just spoke to President Xi Jinping of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!  Trump wrote on Twitter. Previous U.S. administrations have failed to stop North Korea from developing nuclear weapons and a sophisticated missile programme. Trump, who has previously said the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if necessary to protect itself and its allies from the nuclear threat, has also struggled to contain Pyongyang since he came to office in January. Urging China to use its leverage and promising more sanctions against North Korea are two strategies that have borne little fruit so far. In a speech in Missouri about taxes, Trump, who has traded insults with the North in the past, referred to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un with a derisive nickname.  Little Rocket Man. He is a sick puppy,  Trump said. For a graphic on North Korea's missile program, click tmsnrt.rs/2twm7W3 North Korea, which conducted its sixth and largest nuclear bomb test in September, has tested dozens of ballistic missiles under Kim s leadership. Pyongyang has said its weapons programmes are a necessary defence against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, denies any such intention. North Korean state media said on Wednesday the intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) was launched from a newly developed vehicle in a  breakthrough  and that the warhead could withstand the pressure of re-entering the atmosphere. Kim personally guided the missile test and said the new launcher was  impeccable . Pyongyang claimed it had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force .  Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia called on North Korea to stop its weapons tests and for the United States and South Korea not to hold military drills in December as it would  inflame an already explosive situation . The official China Daily newspaper said in an editorial that the latest launch may have been prompted by the Trump administration s decision to label North Korea a sponsor of state terrorism.  Beijing wants the two  belligerents  to calm down and is vexed that a golden opportunity to encourage Pyongyang into talks was  casually wasted  by the Trump administration, the paper said.   The clock is ticking down to one of two choices: learning to live with the DPRK having nuclear weapons or triggering a tripwire to the worst-case scenario,  it added. North Korea said the new missile soared to an altitude of about 4,475 km (2,780 miles) - more than 10 times the height of the International Space Station - and flew 950 km (590 miles) during its 53-minute flight. It flew higher and longer than any North Korean missile before, landing in the sea near Japan.  Photos released by North Korean state media appeared to show a missile being positioned on the launch site by a mobile vehicle, designed to allow the missile to be fired from a wider number of areas to prevent it being intercepted before launch. Kim is shown laughing and smiling with officials both next to the missile as it is readied, and in a control booth. The launch itself shows the missile lifting off amid smoke and fire, with Kim watching from a field in the distance. U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded from satellite and other data that the test missile was fired from a fixed position, not a mobile launcher, three U.S. officials said.  One official said the test appears to demonstrate a more powerful North Korean solid-fuel propulsion system, especially in its second stage rocket.     The photos also revealed a larger diameter missile, which could allow it to carry a larger warhead and use a more powerful engine, said David Wright of the Union of Concerned Scientists, a U.S.-based nonprofit science advocacy group. Three U.S. intelligence analysts said they were trying to assess whether North Korea s comments meant Kim might now be open to a longer halt in testing in order to reopen negotiations that might help prevent, or at least defer, the imposition of additional sanctions.  The officials also noted, however, that North Korea has not proved it has an accurate guidance system for an ICBM or a re-entry vehicle capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and surviving a return from space through Earth s atmosphere, meaning further tests would be needed. An international meeting in Canada in January is designed to produce  better ideas  to ease tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile tests, Canadian officials said on Wednesday, although North Korea itself will not be invited.   U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the United States has  a long list of additional potential sanctions, some of which involve potential financial institutions, and the Treasury Department will be announcing those when they re ready to roll those out .     In just three months, South Korea hosts the Winter Olympics at a resort just 80 km (50 miles) from the heavily fortified border with North Korea.    (For a graphic on North Korea's missile and nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2f3Y8rQ ) (Interactive graphic: Nuclear North Korea, click tmsnrt.rs/2lE5yjF ) ",1
13462,UK PM May says we must stand firm in support of Iran nuclear deal,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday underlined Britain s support for the nuclear deal concluded with Iran which came into force in October 2015.  We must stand firm in our support for the ....deal,  she told reporters in Jordan at the end of a brief visit to the Middle East. U.S. President Trump has called the Iran deal the worst of its kind ever struck by a U.S. administration. ",1
13463,Britain's U.S. ambassador discussed Trump retweets with senior White House staff: source,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s ambassador to the United States discussed a row over retweets sent by President Donald Trump with senior White House officials on Wednesday, a British government source said on Thursday. The source, who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue, did not give further details of the discussion. Trump has sparked outrage in Britain s political establishment with a sharp rebuke of Prime Minister Theresa May on Twitter after she criticised him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos. ",1
13464,"Hezbollah emerges a winner from Mideast turmoil, alarming foes","BEIRUT (Reuters) - When Iran declared victory over Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, it hailed the  strong and pivotal  role played by Lebanon s Hezbollah movement. The praise, contained in a top general s letter to Iran s Supreme Leader in November, confirmed Hezbollan s pre-eminence among Shi ite Muslim regional groups backed by Tehran that are helping the Islamic Republic exert influence in the Middle East. Hezbollah has emerged as a big winner in the turmoil that has swept the Arab world since the uprisings of 2011 that toppled governments in several countries. It has fought in Syria and Iraq, trained other groups in those countries and inspired other forces such as Iran-allied Houthis waging a war in Yemen. But its growing strength has contributed to a sharp rise in regional tension, alarming Israel, the United States - which designates it as a terrorist organization - and Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia, Iran s regional rival, which accuses Hezbollah of having a military role on its doorstep in Yemen.   Israel fears Iran and Hezbollah will keep permanent garrisons in Syria and has called for action against  Iranian aggression . With Hezbollah stronger than ever, war with Israel is seen by many in the region as inevitable, sooner or later.   Hezbollah has gained from the experience of working with armies and managing numerous weapons systems simultaneously - air power, armored vehicles, intelligence, and drones: all specialties of conventional armies,  said a commander in a regional alliance fighting in Syria.  Hezbollah is now a dynamic army, bringing together guerrilla and conventional warfare.  Hezbollah s elevated status among Iran s regional allies was  clear at the funeral this month of Hassan Soleimani, father of Major General Qassem Soleimani who wrote the letter praising Hezbollah s role fighting IS in Syria and Iraq.   Hezbollah s delegation, led by Sayyed Hashem Safieddine, a top figure in its clerical leadership, took responsibility for organizing talks on the sidelines of the funeral between the various Iranian allies present, an official who attended said.  All the resistance factions were at the condolences. Hezbollah coordinated and directed meetings and discussions,  the official said.  Hezbollah was set up by the powerful Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) to fight Israeli forces that invaded Lebanon in 1982 and to export Iran s Shi ite Islamist revolution. It has come a long way from the Bekaa Valley camps where its fighters first trained. Its fighters spearheaded the November attack on Albu Kamal, a town near Syria s border with Iraq, which ended IS resistance in its last urban stronghold in the country. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah has said the battle for Albu Kamal was led by Qassem Soleimani, commander of the branch of the IRGC responsible for operations outside.  An Iran-backed Iraqi Shi ite militia, the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), crossed into Syria to help during the battle. Hezbollah helped to set up the Iraqi PMF at the peak of Islamic State s expansion in 2014. The attack was of huge symbolic and strategic significance for Iran and its regional allies, recreating a land route linking Tehran, Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut - often termed the  Shi ite crescent  by Iran s regional enemies. The United States says Iran is  applying what you might call a Hezbollah model to the Middle East - in which they want governments to be weak, they want governments to be dependent on Iran for support,  White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said in late October.     So, what is most important, not just for the United States but for all nations, is to confront the scourge of Hezbollah and to confront the scourge of the Iranians and the IRGC who sustain Hezbollah s operations,  he told Alhurra, a U.S.-funded Arabic-language news network. Syria is where Hezbollah has made its biggest impact outside Lebanon though its role was kept secret when its fighters first deployed there Syria in mid-2012. The initial aim was to defend the shrine of Sayeda Zeinab, a  Shi ite pilgrimage site near Damascus. But as President Bashar al-Assad lost ground, Hezbollah sent more fighters to aid Syrian security forces ill suited to the conflict they faced. Hezbollah s role was crucial in defeating many of the rebels who fought Assad with backing from his regional foes, helping him win back the cities of Aleppo and Homs, and other territory. Its publicly declared role in support of Assad has been accompanied by an effort to establish new Syrian militias that have fought alongside it, said the commander in the regional alliance fighting in Syria. Hezbollah has lost more than 1,500 fighters in Syria, including top commanders. But it has gained military experience, supplementing its know-how in guerrilla tactics with knowledge of conventional warfare thanks to coordination with the Syrian and Russian armies and the IRGC, the commander said. With Iranian support, Hezbollah has raised and trained new Syrian militias including the National Defence Forces, which number in the tens of thousands, and a Shi ite militia known as the Rida force, recruited from Shi ite villages, the commander said. Hezbollah has also taken the lead in the information war with a military news service that often reports on battles before Syrian state media. The United States and Saudi Arabia are worried Hezbollah and Iran are seeking to replicate their strategy in Yemen, by supporting the Houthis against a Riyadh-led military coalition.  Hezbollah denies fighting in Yemen, sending weapons to the Houthis, or firing rockets at Saudi Arabia from Yemeni territory. But it does not hide its political support for the Houthi cause. Saudi concern over Yemen is at the heart of a political crisis that rocked Lebanon in November. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s sudden resignation was widely seen as a Saudi-orchestrated move to create trouble for Hezbollah at home. Shared concerns over Hezbollah may have been a motivating factor behind recently declared contacts between Saudi Arabia and Israel. Hezbollah is meanwhile expanding its conventional arsenal in Lebanon, where it is part of the government, including buying advanced rocket and missile technology, in  a broadening of the threat to the Eastern Mediterranean and the Arabian Peninsula , Nick Rasmussen, the director of the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center, said in October. Despite newly imposed U.S. sanctions, Hezbollah sounds confident. With IS now defeated in Iraq, Nasrallah has indicated Hezbollah could withdraw its men from that front, saying they would  return to join any other theater where they are needed . He says his group will continue to operate wherever it sees fit, repeatedly declaring:  We will be where we need to be.    ",1
13465,Russian PM says U.S.-Russia ties at low ebb but Trump 'friendly',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday that U.S.-Russia ties were the worst he could recall, but that U.S. President Donald Trump struck him as a friendly person keen to establish positive working contacts with Russia. Trump took office in January, saying he wanted warmer ties with Russia which had fallen to a post-Cold War low. But since then, ties have frayed further after U.S. intelligence officials said Russia had meddled in the presidential election, something Moscow denies. Medvedev, who met Trump in Manila this month, suggested he and President Vladimir Putin both found Trump constructive and friendly in person, but accused other U.S. politicians of playing what he called  the Russian card  to achieve their own aims and influence Trump s attitude towards Russia.  The impression he (Trump) makes is that of a friendly political figure ready to establish full-scale contacts and who reacts reasonably towards everything,  Medvedev said in an interview with Russia s main TV channels. Medvedev said he had chatted to Trump briefly over dinner at a regional summit in Manila.  He (Trump) recalled our cooperation during World War Two, saying that it was important both for Russia and America,  said Medvedev.  It was a pretty normal exchange I am sure and President (Vladimir) Putin has spoken about just that - that everything is fine when it comes to our relations when we meet in person.   But Medvedev said that was of secondary importance because overall U.S.-Russia relations were  appalling.   They are very bad, I would say appalling. They are the worst I can remember.  Medvedev said the political climate towards Russia in the United States reminded him of the 1950s when U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy helped launch a campaign against anyone he regarded as pro-communist in the United States.    But still, even then there was no talk of settling accounts with your own president,  said Medvedev. ",1
13466,Turkey's Denizbank says did not collaborate with gold trader Zarrab,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Denizbank said on Thursday it did not have any dealings with the shipping group owned by gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is testifying in a U.S. federal court after pleading guilty to conspiring to evade U.S. sanctions against Iran. Zarrab on Wednesday told the court that he helped Iran use funds deposited in Turkey s state-owned Halkbank to buy gold, which was smuggled to Dubai and sold for cash. Halkbank has said all of its transactions complied with national and international regulations. According to local media reports, Zarrab also testified that he used Denizbank for some transactions.  Denizbank disputed the reported allegations.  Our transactions only revolved around buying and selling gold domestically, and there were no foreign transactions,  it said in a statement.  Our bank... has had no dealings with the Royal Shipping group owned by Reza Zarrab.  The case has fueled tensions between the United States and Turkey, which are NATO allies. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s government has said the case was fabricated for political reasons. Turkey s banking regulator last month denied a local media report that six Turkish lenders could face substantial fines from the United States over alleged violations of Iran sanctions. (Corrects third paragraph to show that sourcing for Zarrab s testimony on Denizbank is local media reports) ",1
13467,Turkey's Halkbank denies allegations of illegal transactions,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish state lender Halkbank on Thursday denied allegations that it was involved in illegal transactions designed to help Iran avoid U.S. sanctions, following testimony in New York against its former deputy general manager.   Our bank has not been a part to any transaction which is uncertain and illegal relating to any country and has not executed any transfer transaction which is uncertain and unlawful,  it said in a statement.  There is no systematic and conscious violation of transactions... as it is alleged and it has not been intermediated in the export of prohibited parties and goods.  Its comments came after Iranian-Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab on Wednesday told a U.S. federal court that he helped Iran use funds deposited in Halkbank to buy gold that was smuggled to Dubai and sold for cash.  Zarrab, who has pleaded guilty, is testifying against Halkbank executive Mehemt Hakan Atilla, who has pleaded not guilty.    ",1
13468,Trump says Chinese envoy to North Korea appeared to have 'no impact': Twitter,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China s envoy to North Korea appears to have had little impact in addressing tensions with North Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday after Pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile earlier this week.   The Chinese envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man,  Trump said in a post on Twitter, referring to North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un. A Chinese envoy reportedly visited North Korea earlier this month. ",1
13469,Kremlin says U.S. idea to cut all ties with N.Korea simplistic,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday that the main question now is finding a solution to the North Korea crisis rather then cutting all ties with Pyongyang. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Wednesday called for other countries to sever all ties with Pyongyang, including cutting trade links and expelling North Korean workers.  Cutting all relations would be too simple,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  ",1
13470,Kremlin: U.S. sanctions aimed at turning business elite against Putin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday it was confident the United States was using sanctions in an attempt to turn Russia s business elite against President Vladimir Putin.   We are sure that s what it is,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call. Reuters reported earlier on Thursday that the threat of new U.S. sanctions has spread anxiety among Russia s wealthiest people that their association with Putin could land them on a U.S. government blacklist. ",1
13471,West Africa population planners battle to woo Muslim hearts,"DAKAR/LIBORE, Niger (Reuters) - Mabingue Ngom, the head of the U.N. Population Fund in West Africa, knows that if he wants to cut birth rates he can t ignore religion. Population experts like Ngom are worried that if West Africa s population continues to grow at its current pace - the region has the highest birth rate in the world - it will drive fiercer competition for scarce water and farmland, and fuel malnutrition, conflict and ever more economic refugees. GRAPHIC-Family planning in West Africa: tmsnrt.rs/2zWftuY West African governments, U.N. agencies and charities also want to cut maternal mortality rates, which are higher in West Africa than anywhere else in the world, according to U.N. Population Fund (UNFPA) figures. But imams who follow the puritanical Wahhabist form of Islam and some traditional religious leaders across the region regularly preach against the use of contraception, saying Western nations are pushing birth control because they fear being outnumbered by Africans. Some imams cite a passage in the Koran imploring Muslims to  go forth and multiply , and family planning is seen by many in the region as a Western plot to curb the spread of Islam.  The West s policy is about reducing our numbers,  said Hassane Seck, an imam in Dakar influenced by the Wahhabist tradition.  Because of their perverse promotion of contraception, women in Europe are no longer fertile, but ours are. There are going to be many more of us, and they re afraid. . To counter that message, population experts are trying to co-opt moderate clerics. Which is why, at a meeting in September with half a dozen senior Senegalese clerics, Ngom avoided the issue of overpopulation and focused on values espoused in the Koran: the need for better maternal health and the need to ensure parents have resources to feed and educate their children.  You can come with your Powerpoint and make nice speeches and achieve nothing. People will be even more hostile,  he told Reuters.  If you want to change things, you have to engage them.    After listening to Ngom speak, Bou Mouhamed Kounta, deputy head of Senegal s Islamic Supreme Council, warned that family planning in Senegal was taboo. But, he added:  We are ready to work with you, because I can see that UNFPA respects religion.  For planners worried about growth rates, the starkest case remains Niger, a poor country stretching into the Sahara desert. According to U.N. projections, its population will triple by 2050 to 72 million, yet because of frequent droughts it already struggles to feed its people. The fertility rate in Niger has been the highest in the world for the past decade and has been above 7 children per mother for a quarter of a century, according to U.N. figures. More than one in five women are married by the time they are 19 and for every 100,000 births in Niger, 553 mothers die. In neighboring Chad, the maternal mortality level is 856 per 100,000 births. It is only 12 in the developed world. Attempts by Niger to lower its birth rate have been fiercely resisted by traditional leaders - known as marabouts - and some imams. Measuring the extent of Wahhabist influence in West Africa is hard, but they control many of the region s most strategic mosques, such as the main university houses of worship in Senegal and Niger. On Niger s religious TV stations, preachers promise hellfire for anyone practicing family planning. At a large mosque in the southern city of Maradi, an imam denounces contraception as a  plot by the whites to reduce us , two reproductive health workers based there, who declined to be named, said. When UNFPA and Niger s President Mahamadou Issoufou tried to introduce sex education in schools in 2015, angry mobs burned the text books outside U.N. offices. Three years earlier a bill banning girls being taken out of school for marriage provoked such a backlash it had to be axed. Back then, Ngom wondered whether decades of telling Africans they were having too many babies was counterproductive. He decided the family planning message needed to be nuanced and has held dozens of meetings with moderate imams, always wearing a bubu, the traditional Muslim robe of his native Senegal.  In a world of suspicion, of mistrust, how you put things is more important than the issues themselves,  he told Reuters in Dakar.  You need to know your audience.  Atamo Hassane, head of Niger s family planning unit, agrees.  To  limit  or  reduce  population, those are two words you just can t use,  Hassane told Reuters in Niger s capital Niamey.  If you do, every marabout ... is going to be against you.  He said using family planning to space out births won t be enough to tackle population growth but hopes that once people start to use contraception they will see the benefits, use it more, and birth rates will then start to fall. Other moderate clerics include Sheikh Ali Ben Salah, Niger s former minister of religious affairs.  Islam is clear: you can t just have children without considering how you re going to feed, clothe and educate them,  Salah told Reuters at a conference on child marriage in Dakar.  So family planning is part of Islam. The problem only comes if you want to stop at a certain number.  UNFPA had a breakthrough in July when Chad s highest Islamic authority hosted a symposium with the U.N. agency and 1,200 regional religious leaders - unprecedented for the subject of family planning.  I told them family planning will reduce maternal mortality by a third. Who doesn t want to do that?  Ngom said. Cheikh Abdeldahim Abdoulaye, secretary general of Chad s Supreme Council of Islamic Affairs, told Reuters he had backed the U.N. program because the Koran permitted the spacing out births, primarily for the sake of better maternal health.  Aminatou Bakah, a Nigerien aid worker for charity Marie Stopes International, which provides contraception and family planning advice in 37 countries, said they had long struggled to shake off the idea they were a tool of Western interference.  They called us  Marie Stop , because we want to stop people having children,  she said.  We had to explain that, no, we want to help you plan, not just get pregnant by pure chance.  At a pop-up clinic run by the charity in Libore, 20 km (13 miles) outside Niamey, mothers with young children wait for advice on contraceptive methods. In the village of jagged acacia trees, clay houses and a mosque, all nine of the mothers interviewed by Reuters said they didn t want to have fewer children and were using contraception only as a temporary reprieve from child birth.  I would have 15 children if that s what God wants,  said Rahinatou Kadri, 24, a mother of four. Her husband, who is an imam, has two other wives, the oldest of whom has 16 children, she said. Keen not to be outdone, when her husband said he wanted another child, Kadri dutifully came back to have her contraceptive implant removed.  Our religion doesn t permit us to stop having children,  said Mariane Hamadoun, 34, a mother of five. Thanks partly to such views, the birth rate in some African countries has defied predictions that it would fall as the continent gets more prosperous, as has happened in Europe, Asia and the Americas. But attitudes may be changing. Lamodi Soulye, 39, a devout Muslim and worker in a Chinese restaurant in Niamey, was one of 28 siblings from one father and three different mothers. He remembers occasionally going hungry, and dropping out of school with only basic primary education.  My father lacked the resources to keep us,  he said.  I decided not to do the same thing to my children.        He plans to stop at three. ",1
13472,Deadline looms for South Africa's Zuma over revived graft charges,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Lawyers for Jacob Zuma have until midnight to file papers outlining why nearly 800 corruption charges shelved before he became South African president eight years ago but recently reinstated by the courts should not be brought against him. The revival of the charges could increase pressure on Zuma to step down before his term ends in 2019 and diminish his influence over who succeeds him when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) chooses a new leader in December.     The 75-year-old president has faced and denied numerous other corruption allegations since taking office in 2009.  The 783 charges, which relate to a 30 billion rand ($2.2 billion) government arms deal arranged in the late 1990s, were filed but then dropped by the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) shortly before he ran for the presidency. South Africa s High Court reinstated the charges last year and the Supreme Court upheld that decision in October, rejecting an appeal by Zuma and describing the NPA s decision to set aside the charges as  irrational . The NPA said then that Zuma had until Nov. 30 to make submissions before it decided whether to pursue the charges. Spokesmen for the NPA and Zuma were not available for comment on Thursday. Last month s Supreme Court ruling lifted the rand currency against the dollar as investors bet that Zuma s removal may be inching closer. The president is unpopular with many investors after sacking respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in March, a move that hit South African financial assets and helped tip the country s credit ratings into  junk  territory. Infighting within the ruling ANC ahead of next month s conference to elect a successor to Zuma as party chief has also sapped confidence among the investors upon whom South Africa relies to finance its hefty budget and current account deficits. One of South Africa s leading universities, the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits) in Johannesburg, said on Thursday that it had appointed Gordhan as a visiting professor.  He will join other ANC heavyweights who have ended up at the Wits after being sidelined by Zuma, among them another respected and ousted finance minister, Nhlanhla Nene, and former Reserve Bank Governor Tito Mboweni. Widely seen as a competent and honest technocrat, Gordhan has become an unlikely poster boy for public anger at the president, whose administration has been marred by missteps and allegations of corruption. Zuma denies any wrongdoing. ($1 = 13.6794 rand) ",1
13473,Record fall in net migration to UK in year after Brexit vote,"LONDON (Reuters) - Net migration to Britain fell by the largest amount on record in the 12 months after the Brexit vote, with more than three-quarters of the drop due to more EU citizens leaving and fewer arriving, official data showed on Thursday. Net migration tumbled by 106,000 to 230,000 people in the 12 months to June, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. Some 82,000 of the decline was due to EU citizens, cutting net migration from the bloc to its lowest level since June 2013. The total fall in net migration was the largest since people moving to Britain started to outnumber those leaving in the 1980s. The ONS said Brexit was likely to be one of the factors driving the fall. Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to reduce net migration to the tens of thousands, a promise first made by the government in 2010 and designed to reassure Britons worried about the impact immigration had on public services. Net migration into Britain has exceeded 100,000 in every year since 1998, as workers from abroad were attracted by a relatively strong currency, a vibrant economy and easy hiring rules. Jonathan Portes, a professor of economics at King s College London, linked the latest fall to Britain s economic slowdown since the Brexit vote and the weakening of the pound - which means foreign workers earn less in Britain when converted to their own national currencies.  It cannot be good news that the UK is a less attractive place to live and work, and that we will be poorer as a result,  said Portes, who has previously argued that Brexit is likely to hurt Britain s economy. He predicted that net migration to Britain was likely to fall further to 150,000 over the next few years. Business groups reacted to the latest figures with disappointment.  The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development said the fall in net migration was an alarm bell for Britain s economy, with many employers struggling to find skilled workers.  But Steven Woolfe, an independent British lawmaker in the European Parliament who campaigned for Brexit, said long-term migration remained high.  This number again highlights the greater need for Britain to have a brand new immigration system, starting on Brexit day one,  he said on Twitter. Britain is scheduled to leave the EU on March 29, 2019. Larger numbers of foreign workers have helped Britain s economy to expand. The Bank of England has said almost all of its growth in the last decade stems from an increase in workers. Britain s retail, hospitality, manufacturing and agriculture sectors are particularly reliant on staff from abroad. The BoE has said a fall in migrant workers coming to Britain is likely to contribute to a new, slower  speed limit  for the economy, meaning it would be more prone to inflation. Opinion polls have shown immigration topping the list of concerns among people who voted for Brexit in the 2016 referendum, in which 52 percent backed leaving the EU. The ONS said the scale of the drop in net migration in the most recent data partly reflected a strong run-up in migration last year, which pushed it to a record high in June 2016.     ",1
13474,"Turkey did not violate U.S. sanctions against Iran, 'did the right thing', Erdogan says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey did not violate U.S. sanctions against Iran and  did the right thing  regardless of the outcome of the ongoing case in the United States, President Tayyip Erdogan was quoted by private broadcaster CNN Turk as saying on Thursday. On Wednesday, Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab described in a U.S. court how he ran a sprawling international money laundering scheme aimed at helping Iran get around U.S. sanctions and spend its oil and gas revenues abroad, in a case that has further strained ties between Ankara and Washington. ",1
13475,U.N. tribunal seeks answers after stunned by courtroom suicide,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A U.N. tribunal that was stunned by the courtroom suicide of a Bosnian Croat war criminal said on Thursday it was working with Dutch investigators to piece together how he smuggled a fatal dose of poison into the high-security building. Slobodan Praljak, 72, died on Wednesday at a hospital in The Hague within hours of drinking a vial of liquid during the reading of his appeals judgment at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia. [L8N1NZ2YM] Preliminary testing confirmed that the cause of death was  drinking a liquid that can kill,  spokesman Vincent Veenman of the public prosecutors office in The Hague said.  We cannot yet say what that substance was. Further testing is needed,  he said. A 5-member ICTY appeals bench upheld Praljak s conviction on charges of crimes against humanity over persecution, murders and expulsions of Bosnian Muslims from territory captured by nationalist Bosnian Croats and the brutal imprisonment of wartime detainees. It also upheld his 20-year prison sentence. The criminal investigation was immediately launched by Dutch authorities, who sealed off the ICTY courtroom to take evidence after Praljak told the court:  I have just taken poison , denounced the verdict and slumped back in his chair. Dutch prosecutors said the inquiry was focused on assisted suicide and violation of the Medicines Act. It will also try to determine how the poison was smuggled into the court.  The court on Thursday declined to provide further comment, citing the ongoing independent investigation. Stricter procedures at the U.N. detention unit were adopted following the 2006 death of suspect Slobodan Milosevic, the former Serbian and Yugoslav president. Milosevic, who died of a heart attack before his verdict on genocide and war crimes charges, had banned medication in his cell which may have worsened an existing heart condition. Emotional reactions in Bosnia to Praljak s death highlighted lasting division in the Balkans, where the court had aimed to bring reconciliation, but convicted war criminals are often revered as heroes. About 1,000 nationalist supporters gathered to hold a Mass for Praljak, a former film and theater producer, in the Bosnian town of Mostar, known for the destruction of its iconic Old Bridge. Muslim victims of wartime violence welcomed his 20-year sentence and expressed hope it would deter future crimes. Croatian newspapers on Thursday focused on a lack of security measures at the tribunal and the government s rejection of the court s finding that Croatia, now a member of the European Union, was also responsible for war crimes.  A verdict with consequences for Croatia , read a headline in the Novi List daily.  The appeals chamber found (former president Franjo) Tudjman and Croatia responsible,  it said.  A horrific end for The Hague Tribunal , read the front-page headline in the Jutarnji List daily, which like all papers ran a prominent photo of Praljak swallowing poison. The dramatic events unfolded in the last minutes of the court s final ruling before it closes next month after 24 years. [L8N1NL7ZT] Previously, two defendants awaiting their ICTY trial, both Serbs, committed suicide by hanging themselves in their U.N. cells, according to court documents. The ICTY indicted 161 suspects in all from Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo in connection with atrocities in the ethnic wars during the 1990s. Of the 83 convicted, more than 60 were ethnic Serbs. ",1
13476,Trump criticized in Britain and U.S. for sharing anti-Muslim videos,"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday shared anti-Muslim videos posted on Twitter by a far-right British party leader, drawing condemnation from Britain, U.S. Muslim groups and some members of Congress. The White House defended the retweets by the Republican president, who during the 2016 U.S. election campaign called for  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,  saying that he was raising security issues. As president, Trump has issued executive orders banning entry to some citizens of several Muslim-majority countries, although courts have partially blocked the measures from taking effect.  Look, I m not talking about the nature of the video,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters.  The threat is real and that s what the president is talking about is the need for national security, the need for military spending, and those are very real things. There s nothing fake about that.  Jayda Fransen, deputy leader of anti-immigration Britain First, posted the videos which she said showed a group of people who were Muslims beating a teenage boy to death, battering a boy on crutches and destroying a Christian statue. Fransen was convicted earlier this month of abusing a Muslim woman and was ordered to pay a fine and legal costs. Some British lawmakers demanded an apology from Trump for sharing the videos with his nearly 44 million Twitter followers and U.S. Muslim groups said he had been incendiary and reckless.  It is wrong for the president to have done this,  the spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said.  Britain First seeks to divide communities through their use of hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions. They cause anxiety to law-abiding people,  the spokesman said. Trump fired back at May over her criticism.  Theresa @theresamay, don t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine,  Trump tweeted, using an incorrect Twitter handle for May. He later issued a tweet with her correct handle,  @Theresa_May .     Reuters was unable to immediately verify the videos and Fransen herself said they had come from various online sources which had been posted on her social media pages.  I m delighted,  Fransen, who has 53,000 Twitter followers, told Reuters. She said Trump s retweets showed the president shared her aim of raising awareness of  issues such as Islam . The White House repeatedly refused to be drawn into the content of the videos or whether Trump was aware of the source of the tweets.  It s about ensuring that individuals who come into the United States don t pose a public safety or terrorism threat,  White House spokesman Raj Shah told reporters aboard Air Force One. Fransen thanked Trump and said,  The important message here is Donald Trump has been made aware of the persecution and prosecution of a political leader in Britain for giving what has been said by police to be an anti-Islamic speech.  ANTI-IMMIGRATION One of the videos that Trump retweeted first circulated on social and Egyptian state media in 2013, showing what appeared to be supporters of now-ousted Islamist President Mohammed Mursi throwing two youths from a concrete tower onto a roof. In reference to another video that was titled  Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! , the Netherlands embassy in the United States tweeted back at Trump saying:  @realDonaldTrump Facts do matter. The perpetrator of the violent act in this video was born and raised in the Netherlands. He received and completed his sentence under Dutch law.  Trump s promotion of the videos contrasts with the way he often criticizes mainstream U.S. media, lambasting some outlets for  fake news  when they air segments he regards as being against him.  What we saw today is one of many videos that is circulating on anti-Muslim hate websites,  said Ilhan Cagri with the U.S.-based Muslim Public Affairs Council.  It is years-old and simply aims to breed fear for Muslims and Islam and breed violence. It  has nothing to do with the practice of Islam itself,  Cagri said. The Anti-Defamation League said the retweets would only encourage  extremists and anti-Muslim bigots in the United States and abroad who exploit the propaganda value.   Such content is the engine that fuels extremist movements and will embolden bigots in the U.S. who already believe the president is a fellow traveler,  the ADL said in a statement. Democrats in Congress and at least one Republican lawmaker were also critical of Trump.   The violence depicted in these videos is horrific, but it is abhorrent that President Trump would choose to deliberately fan the flames of hatred and religious bigotry,  Democratic U.S. Senator Jack Reed said in a statement. Republican Senator John McCain, a frequent critic of Trump, said he was  surprised  that Trump had chosen to retweet those videos.  What do I think about it? Obviously, surprised. Surprised,  he told Reuters as he left a meeting with Jordanian King Abdullah at the U.S. Senate. Britain First is a peripheral political party which wants to end all immigration and bring in a comprehensive ban on Islam, with anyone found to be promoting the religion s ideology to be deported or imprisoned. The group, which rarely garners any media attention but attracts a few hundred protesters to its regular street demonstrations, states on its website it is a  loyalist movement.  Critics say it is simply racist. Last week, Fransen was charged by the police in Northern Ireland with using threatening, abusive or insulting words in a speech at a rally in Belfast in August. Along with the group s leader, she was also charged in September with causing religiously aggravated harassment over the distribution of leaflets and posting online videos during a court trial involving a number of Muslim men accused and later convicted of rape. Politicians in Britain condemned Trump, with Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party, describing his tweets as  abhorrent, dangerous and a threat to our society.  In contrast, David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan leader who has run for political office in Louisiana, praised Trump.  He s condemned for showing us what the fake news media won t,  Duke wrote on Twitter.  Thank God for Trump! That s why we love him!  ",1
13477,"UK PM May is focused on tackling extremism, spokesman says in response to Trump","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is fully focused on tackling extremism, her spokesman said on Thursday, responding to a tweet by U.S. President Donald Trump telling her to focus on  destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism . Asked if May was focused on tackling extremism: her spokesman said:  Yes.    The overwhelming majority of Muslims in this country are law-abiding people who abhor extremism in all its forms. The prime minister has been clear ... that where Islamist extremism does exist it should be tackled head on. We are working hard to do that both at home and internationally and ... with our U.S. partners.  ",1
13478,Russia accuses U.S. of trying to provoke North Korean leader 'to fly off handle',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the United States on Thursday of trying to provoke North Korean leader Kim Jong Un into  flying off the handle  over his missile program to hand Washington a pretext to destroy his country. In some of his most robust comments on the subject to date, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also flatly rejected a U.S. call to cut ties with Pyongyang over its nuclear and ballistic missile program and said U.S. policy towards North Korea was deeply flawed. Tensions on the Korean Peninsula have flared after North Korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile on Wednesday in a  breakthrough  that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Russia has condemned the test, like others before it, as  a provocation,  but Lavrov said the way the United States was handling the situation was dangerously provocative.        The latest U.S. actions look designed to deliberately provoke Pyongyang into taking new extreme action,  Lavrov told reporters in Belarus, according to a Russian Foreign Ministry transcript. Lavrov said he was referring to joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises planned for December, which he said U.S. officials had intimated to Russia would not take place until spring to open a window for tensions to be defused.    We were encouraged by that approach. And then suddenly ... they announced large-scale exercises in December. We have the impression that it was all done specially to get Kim Jong Un to  fly off the handle  and take another reckless step.  The air forces of the United States and South Korea are scheduled to hold a regular joint drill early next month with six U.S. F-22 Raptor stealth fighters taking part.     The Americans need to explain to us all if they want to find a pretext to destroy North Korea. Let them say it directly ... then we can take a decision about how to react,  said Lavrov.             U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Wednesday called for other countries to sever all ties with Pyongyang, including cutting trade links and expelling North Korean workers. Moscow sells oil products to North Korea and thousands of North Korean workers toil in Russia, sending remittances back to the authorities in Pyongyang. Lavrov said Haley s call for the world to isolate North Korea was wrong.     We regard this negatively,  Lavrov said.  We have already said many times that sanctions pressure has exhausted itself.  He also complained that the United States was  totally ignoring  a U.N. demand for talks with North Korea.   I think it s a big mistake,  said Lavrov. ",1
13479,NATO mulls 'offensive defense' with cyber warfare rules,"TARTU, Estonia (Reuters) - A group of NATO allies are considering a more muscular response to state-sponsored computer hackers that could involve using cyber attacks to bring down enemy networks, officials said. The United States, Britain, Germany, Norway, Spain, Denmark and the Netherlands are drawing up cyber warfare principles to guide their militaries on what justifies deploying cyber attack weapons more broadly, aiming for agreement by early 2019. The doctrine could shift NATO s approach from being defensive to confronting hackers that officials say Russia, China and North Korea use to try to undermine Western governments and steal technology.  There s a change in the (NATO) mindset to accept that computers, just like aircraft and ships, have an offensive capability,  said U.S. Navy Commander Michael Widmann at the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence, a research center affiliated to NATO that is coordinating doctrine writing.  Washington already has cyber weapons, such as computer code to take down websites or shut down IT systems, and in 2011 declared that it would respond to hostile cyber acts. The United States, and possibly Israel, are widely believed to have been behind  Stuxnet , a computer virus that destroyed nuclear centrifuges in Iran in 2010. Neither has confirmed it. Some NATO allies believe shutting down an enemy power plant through a cyber attack could be more effective than air strikes.  I need to do a certain mission and I have an air asset, I also have a cyber asset. What fits best for the me to get the effect I want?  Widmann said. The 29-nation NATO alliance recognized cyber as a domain of warfare, along with land, air and sea, in 2014, but has not outlined in detail what that entails. In Europe, the issue of deploying malware is sensitive because democratic governments do not want to be seen to be using the same tactics as an authoritarian regime. Commanders and experts have focused on defending their networks and blocking attempts at malicious manipulation of data. Senior Baltic and British security officials say they have intelligence showing persistent Russian cyber hacks to try to bring down European energy and telecommunications networks, coupled with Internet disinformation campaigns. They believe Russia is trying to break Western unity over economic sanctions imposed over Moscow s 2014 annexation of Crimea and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.  They (Russia) are seeking to attack the cohesion of NATO,  said a senior British security official, who said the balance between war and peace was becoming blurred in the virtual world.  It looks quite strategic.  Moscow has repeatedly denied any such cyber attacks. The United States, Britain, the Netherlands, Germany and France have  cyber commands    special headquarters to combat cyber espionage and hacks of critical infrastructure.  Estonia, which was hit by one of the world s first large-scale cyber attacks a decade ago, aims to open a cyber command next year and make it fully operational by 2020, with offensive cyber weapons.   You cannot only defend in cyberspace,  said Erki Kodar, Estonia s undersecretary for legal and administrative affairs who oversees cyber policy at the defense ministry. Across the globe this year computer hackers have disrupted multinational firms, ports and public services on an unprecedented scale, raising awareness of the issue.  NATO held its biggest ever cyber exercise this week at a military base in southern Estonia, testing 25 NATO allies against a fictional state-sponsored hacker group seeking to infiltrate NATO air defense and communication networks.  The fictional scenarios are based on real threats,  said Estonian army Lieutenant-Colonel Anders Kuusk, who ran the exercise.  NATO s commanders will not develop cyber weapons but allied defense ministers agreed last month that NATO commanders can request nations to allow them use of their weapons if requested. ",1
13480,Russia already preparing military withdrawal from Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Security Council secretary Nikolai Patrushev said on Thursday Moscow was already preparing to withdraw its military contingent from Syria, Russian news agencies reported.  Preparations are underway,  RIA news agency quoted Patrushev as saying. The chief of the Russian military general staff said last week Russia s military force in Syria would likely be significantly reduced and a drawdown could start before the end of the year. ",1
13481,Denmark passes law that could ban Russian pipeline from going through its waters,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark passed a law on Thursday that could allow it to ban Russia s Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from going through its waters on grounds of security or foreign policy. The measure amends Denmark s regulatory framework to allow the authorities to cite security or foreign policy as reasons to block a pipeline. Previously these were not valid grounds for objection. Denmark has been caught in a geopolitical conflict as Russia s Gazprom and its European partners have sought to build Nord Stream 2, a giant pipeline to pump natural gas to Germany through the Baltic Sea, bypassing existing land routes over Ukraine, Poland and Belarus. The proposed route goes through Danish waters, but the pipeline consortium is investigating an alternative route north of the Danish island Bornholm which would run in international waters and therefore not be impacted by a potential Danish ban. Nord Stream 2 has already applied for permission in Denmark and its application is being assessed at the Danish Energy Agency. The change to the law will take effect from Jan. 1 but apply to applications that have already been submitted. In June, Danish energy and climate minister Lars Christian Lilleholt said he expected the agency to have completed its assessment during early 2018. ",1
13482,Suspected Istanbul airport bomber thought killed in Georgia: three sources," (This November 28 story corrects to add attribution to information in paragraphs 13 and 14) By Margarita Antidze TBILISI (Reuters) - A former Islamic State warlord suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on Istanbul airport in 2016 is believed to have been killed during a special operation in ex-Soviet Georgia last week, three sources familiar with the case told Reuters. Akhmed Chatayev, an ethnic Chechen, is highly likely to have lost his life during a police operation against a group of armed men on the outskirts of the Georgian capital Tbilisi last week, the three sources said. One Georgian special forces serviceman and three members of the armed group, which was suspected of terrorism, were killed in the operation. Four police officers were wounded and one member of the group was arrested during the 20-hour operation at the apartment block where the group was hiding.  We suspect that one of the gunmen killed in the special operation in Tbilisi could be Akhmed Chatayev,  Nino Giorgobiani, deputy chief of the state security service, told Reuters on Tuesday. She said that the final conclusions would be reached after experts had completed their work and  the relevant United States agencies (had) joined the investigation.  Two other sources, who did not want to be named, told Reuters it looked very likely Chatayev had been killed.  There is every indication that one of them (members of the group) was Chatayev,  said one of the sources.  According to my information, Chatayev was there ... He blew himself up,  said the other source. Chatayev was named by Turkish media and a U.S. congressman as the mastermind of the suicide bombing of Istanbul airport in 2016 which killed 45 people. His involvement in the airport bombing has not been confirmed by Turkish officials.  A veteran of Chechnya s conflict with Moscow during which he lost an arm, he lived in Georgia s Pankisi Gorge, a remote area populated largely by people from the Kist community, ethnic Chechens whose ancestors came to mainly Christian Georgia in the 1800s. When, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Chechnya rose up in an armed rebellion against Moscow s rule, the Kist community were drawn to the fight. Thousands of refugees arrived from Chechnya, and some insurgents used the gorge to regroup and prepare new attacks. Chatayev was wounded and arrested in Georgia in August 2012 following a clash between the Georgian police and a group of militants, who were allegedly trying to cross the Georgian-Russian border and move to Dagestan. He was released from jail on bail and Georgian prosecutors dropped the case against him in January 2013, citing a lack of evidence, according to Civil.ge, an online news service. Soon after his release, Chatayev left Georgia, saying he intended to go to Austria to convalesce and by 2015, he had moved to Islamic State-controlled areas in Syria and Iraq, the news service reported. Chatayev was listed as a terrorist in 2015 by the U.S. Treasury which accused him of planning attacks against unspecified U.S. and Turkish facilities and added him to the U.N. Security Council s Al-Qaeda sanctions list, according to Civil.ge. He was also wanted by the Russian authorities. ",1
13483,The thinking behind Kim Jong Un's 'madness',"SEOUL (Reuters) - On an icy December day in 2011, North Korea s new leader Kim Jong Un was accompanied by seven advisers as they escorted the hearse that carried his father, Kim Jong Il, through the streets of Pyongyang. None of the men remain with the young Kim. This October, he demoted the last of his father s aides, both men in their nineties. They were among around 340 people he has purged or executed, according to the Institute for National Security Strategy, a think tank of South Korea s National Intelligence Service (NIS). Kim,  obviously a madman  in the eyes of U.S. President Donald Trump, has completed a six-year transition to what the South calls a reign of terror. His unpredictability and belligerence have instilled fear worldwide: After he tested a  breakthrough  missile earlier this week, he pronounced North Korea a nuclear power capable of striking the United States. But a closer look at his leadership reveals a method behind the  madness.  At 33, Kim Jong Un is one of the world s youngest heads of state. He inherited a nation with a proud history, onto which a socialist state had essentially been grafted by Cold War superpowers to create a buffer between Communist China and the capitalist South. Under Kim s father, the economy was mismanaged, and the collapse of Communism in the Soviet Union eliminated an important source of support. Up to three million people starved. To consolidate a weak position, the young leader has been cultivating three main forces: military and nuclear power, a tacit private sector market economy, and the fear and adoration of a god. To this end, he has executed two powerful men and promoted one young woman   Kim Yo Jong, his younger sister, who Korea-watchers say is also Kim s chief propagandist. She is Kim s only other blood relative to be involved in politics: His elder brother, Kim Jong Chol, was rejected by their father as heir. Over the five years to December 2016, Kim spent $300 million on 29 nuclear and missile tests, $180 million on building some 460 family statues, and as much as $1 billion on a party congress in 2016   including $26.8 million on fireworks alone, according to the Institute, which employs high-level defectors.  Yes, he has replaced many top commanders and officials so easily and ruthlessly killed some of them, which could make you wonder if he s sane,  said Lee Sang-keun, a North Korean leadership expert at the Institute of Unification Studies at Ewha Womans University in Seoul.  But this is a historical way of governing that can put you in power for a long time.  (Graphic - Kim family tree: tmsnrt.rs/2AJM8F1) (Graphic - Purge and launch: tmsnrt.rs/2ApSfhC) In ancient days, Pyongyang was the capital of a mighty empire, Koguryo, the root of the modern word  Korea.  Going back through history, the Great Leader concept is a blend of several ideas handed down through time: an almighty god, the Confucian worship of a parent, and a king with the Mandate of Heaven, according to Lee Seung-yeol, a senior researcher at the National Assembly Research Service in Seoul. Lee, a leading North Korea leadership researcher, said the state s theory of succession means Kim the younger s rise should have been completed while his father was alive: Kim s father was anointed 20 years before he took over, giving him time to build allies and a leadership system. Kim Jong Un had just three years as leader-in-waiting. Born in 1984, he was third in line for power and a fractious, competitive child, according to Kenji Fujimoto, a Japanese chef who worked for the family and one of the few people to recount meetings with the young Kim. In his memoirs published in 2010, Fujimoto, who now runs a sushi restaurant in Pyongyang, said Kim once snapped at his aunt Ko Yong Suk for calling him  Little General.  Kim wanted to be called  Comrade General.  When Kim Jong Il knew his young son would soon succeed him, researchers have said, the father took several measures to protect the boy. Lee said these included shifting the country s power base to create rivalry between the elites so Kim the younger could play one group off against another. Kim Jong Il had declared the military the country s supreme power   a policy known as songun, which means  military first.  At a party conference in 2010, he changed the setup so the military had to compete with the party administration for the leader s favour. Military strategy was the first thing Kim changed. His father had used the promise of nuclear disarmament as a bargaining chip for aid, and in February 2012, young Kim started in his father s footsteps, promising to freeze North Korea s nuclear program in return for food aid from the United States. But weeks later he changed tack, saying North Korea would fire a long-range rocket.  The negotiations were carried on as the legacy of Kim Jong Il,  said Wi Sung-lac, a former South Korean envoy to talks in 2011 that contributed to the February deal.  Since then his strategic thinking has shaped up.  In Kim s view, Saddam Hussein of Iraq and Muammar Gaddafi of Libya were fatally weakened by not having nuclear weapons, North Korean media say.  History proves that powerful nuclear deterrence serves as the strongest treasured sword for frustrating outsiders  aggression,  the official KCNA news agency said in an editorial in January 2016. North Korea is racing to achieve a nuclear deterrent because the state feels threatened, worrying particularly that Kim may face a fate like Gaddafi. The Libyan leader agreed in 2003 to eliminate his weapons of mass destruction; in 2011, he was killed by rebels that the United States and its allies had supported.   Months after Kim s accession, North Korea updated its constitution to declare itself a nuclear weapons state. One leading pallbearer at Kim Jong Il s funeral was Ri Yong Ho, Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People s Army. Kim sacked him in July 2012. South Korean intelligence later confirmed that Ri had been executed. By December 2012, North Korea had carried out another, successful, rocket test. In 2013, Kim outlined a new policy: The  byungjin line,  or parallel development, to combine the nuclear buildup and economic growth. A nuclear deterrent is essential to that, says Thae Yong-ho, North Korea s former deputy ambassador to London, who staged a high-profile defection to South Korea in 2016. The threat of absolute destruction makes a nuclear bomb a  poor man s weapon  with which to tighten control of the country and ensure long-term rule, Thae said.  Once he has assumed control of usable nuclear weapons, he has more room to allocate resources more flexibly, and allocate the military forces for civilian construction,  said Thae. North Korea spends about a quarter of its GDP on defense: Russia s President Vladimir Putin has said Kim Jong Un would have his people  eat grass  rather than give up its nuclear program. But with a legacy of famine, Kim also says he wants to boost people s prosperity.  The former chef, Fujimoto, said that on one summer break from school in Switzerland in 2000, the young Kim was preoccupied with a visit to Beijing his father had made.  Let s talk,  Fujimoto recalled the future leader saying over drinks on his father s private train.  I hear from higher up that China seems to be succeeding on many fronts   engineering, commerce, hotels, agriculture - everything,  Kim said.  In many ways, don t we need to take them as a model example for us?  In 2012, shortly after taking power, Kim went a small way to mimic reforms China made in the 1980s. Farmers were allowed to keep most of the harvest. State enterprises were given the right to buy and sell at market prices and to hire and fire workers. Private entrepreneurs and traders were encouraged to invest in state projects or with party and military entities. Kim also began to turn a blind eye to informal markets   a force his father tried in vain to contain. That April, Kim addressed the nation - the first time in 17 years North Koreans had heard the voice of their leader.  It is the party s steadfast determination to ensure that the people will never have to tighten their belt again,  he said. Outsiders hoped the reform signaled a new political openness as Kim drove to promote the North in the world: In 2012 Antonio Razzi, an Italian senator for Forza Italia who calls himself the only Italian to have met the leader, said Kim had asked him to find training facilities for soccer players in Italy.  I have talked with many (North Korean) local leaders,  Razzi said.  They have no plan to attack anybody. North Korea is interested in nuclear only as a form of defense.  Kim worked to ensure the economic freedom would not unseat him. Also escorting his father s funeral car in 2011 was Jang Song Thaek, an administrator at the vanguard of the reforms. He was married to Kim Jong Il s sister, was a special envoy to China and had overseen a host of new Special Economic Zones all over the country.  In December 2013, Jang was hauled out of the Politburo in front of the cameras and accused of plotting a coup.  Jang dreamed such a foolish dream,  state media said, adding Jang hoped his reformist plans would help him  get  recognized  by foreign countries.  Jang was shot  dozens of times  by an anti-aircraft gun and his remains removed with a flamethrower, according to South Korea s National Intelligence Service (NIS)   an account no one has confirmed.  From that point on, Kim honed his personality cult. On the day Jang s purge was announced, North Korea s official daily the Rodong Sinmun unveiled a song dedicated to Kim Jong Un, titled  We Know Nothing But You.  More were to follow. The next year, Kim also ordered school textbooks be revised to focus on idolization of himself and include images of nuclear weapons and missiles, according to the NIS-affiliated Institute for National Security Strategy. The idolization campaign kicked into high gear in 2016, focused on pop culture and youth: Kim s chosen female singers, the Moranbong Band, staged a series of musical performances and plays calling for loyalty to the leader, while the Shock Brigade, a crew of young North Koreans in charge of major economic construction, produced about 1,200 poems and other literary works, the Institute said.  He has linked his own legitimacy to improving the economic situation in the country,  said John Delury of Seoul s Yonsei University.  Kim Jong Un wants to become a development dictator.  At home, he casts himself as a bringer of plenty. In 2015, almost half the times he was photographed were at economic events, data from Seoul s Unification Ministry shows. Only this year, as his weapons tests multiplied and met an angry response in the United States, have military appearances come back into prominence. Standing tearfully behind Kim Jong Un at their father s funeral was his younger sister, 28-year-old Kim Yo Jong. On the same October day that Kim dropped the last two of his father s aides, he included her in his Politburo. Kim Jong Chol, their elder brother, leads a quiet life in Pyongyang where he plays guitar in a band, according to former ambassador Thae.   I think Kim Jong Un has been making good use of the existing system, while strengthening his power base and dictator regime in a very shrewd manner,  said Lee Su-seok, a research fellow at the Institute for National Security Strategy. ",1
13484,The Adoration Of Kim Jong Un,"PYONGYANG - North Koreans stage a demonstration of devotion to their leader Kim Jong Un at least once a year, in a large ceremonial square in Pyongyang.  Mansae!  the people call as they parade past the 33-year old, who stands on a balcony above them:  Live long!  This December, Kim will mark six years in power. In that time he has purged or executed around 340 people, according to the Institute for National Security Strategy, a think tank of South Korea s National Intelligence Service (NIS). The people on parade carry flowers including North Korea s national blooms, Kimilsungia and Kimjongilia, which were specially created in honor of Kim s grandfather and father, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il. North Korea is the only socialist country to have passed power down the family line. Images of former presidents are pinned on the left side of every jacket and dress. They are worn there to be close to the wearers  hearts. In private conversations, some North Koreans quietly lament the shortcomings of their system: It s too bureaucratic, takes too long to get things done, is disorganized, they say. But few dare to openly criticize the Supreme Leader. North Korea s GDP per capita, estimated at $1,700 in the CIA Factbook, places it 215th in the world   it is poorer than Haiti, Zimbabwe and Afghanistan. Defectors say many North Koreans lead double lives, earning money in unofficial market places to supplement state incomes. The leadership turns a blind eye to this. Traditionally, Pyongyang has been the home of North Korea s elites. But the inhabitants of the capital must also prepare for the parades. Around this time, everyone everywhere must increase production in a process known as a  battle.  People, organized into work units, are assigned duties on top of their usual jobs. The  70-day battle  ahead of a Party congress in 2016 meant long after-work hours sprucing up the capital. State media released a report: Some work units had delivered 110 percent of their quotas. The fatigue shows in some flower-wavers  faces.  On June 1, 2016, the country announced that a new campaign of celebration was to be held. This time, it said, the battle would last 200 days.  ",1
13485,British minister hopes condemnation of Trump tweet has impact,"LONDON (Reuters) - British interior minister Amber Rudd said on Thursday she hoped Britain s condemnation of U.S. President Donald Trump for retweeting material from a British far-right group would have an impact.   I think we all listen more carefully, perhaps, to criticism from our friends than from people who we don t have a relationship with. So, I hope that the prime minister s comments will have some impact on the president,  Rudd told parliament. British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday that Trump was wrong to have retweeted posts from the Britain First group. ",1
13486,"At least 800 civilians killed by coalition strikes in Iraq, Syria: report","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least 800 civilians have been killed in strikes in Iraq and Syria by the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State since the campaign began in 2014, according to a report released by the coalition on Thursday. The estimate in the monthly report, which said coalition strikes had unintentionally killed at least 801 civilians between August 2014 and October 2017, was far lower than figures provided by monitoring groups. The monitoring group Airwars says a total of at least 5,961 civilians have been killed by coalition air strikes.  We continue to hold ourselves accountable for actions that may have caused unintentional injury or death to civilians,  the coalition said in its report. Since the start of the campaign against Islamic State militants, the coalition has carried out more than 28,000 strikes and has received 1,790 reports of potential civilian casualties, the report said. It was still assessing 695 reports of civilian casualties from strikes it carried out in Iraq and in Syria. The coalition, battling to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, says it goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties. ",1
13487,Russia's ruling party says to back Putin if he seeks new term,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s ruling United Russia party will support President Vladimir Putin if he decides to run for a new term in office, its leader, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, said on Thursday. Putin, 65, has so far kept silent on whether he plans to seek a fourth term in a presidential election due in March 2018.  Our party, and I personally, will support him in this in every possible way,  Medvedev said in an interview with Russian television channels broadcast live.  Because we believe that he is a successful president who is leading our country.  ",1
13488,Russian PM says doping allegations part of new anti-Russian campaign,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday allegations that Russian athletes used doping during the 2014 Sochi Olympics were  political manipulations  in a new anti-Russian campaign.   That (Sochi Olympics) was a brilliant victory and no foreign forces can make us believe the opposite ... This angle has become a cornerstone of the political campaign against Russia,  Medvedev said in an interview with Russian television channels broadcast live.  The International Olympic Committee is re-testing all Russian athletes  samples from the event after Grigory Rodchenkov, the former head of Moscow s discredited anti-doping laboratory, blew the whistle on what he said was a state-sponsored doping programme.  ",1
13489,"French defense minister hopeful for fighter jets, armored vehicle sale to Qatar","PARIS (Reuters) - France is hoping to strike deals to sell 12 Rafale fighter jets and armored vehicles to Qatar when President Emmanuel Macron visits the country in December, the French defense minister said on Thursday. Qatar has been strengthening its military since its ties with other Arab states, including Saudi Arabia, have deteriorated. France, which has carefully avoided taking sides in that dispute, is hoping to capitalize on a recent arms export surge which included the sale of 24 Rafale jets to Doha in 2015. The Rafale is made by Dassault Aviation.  We ve been negotiating for months,  defense minister Florence Parly told BFM TV.  We ve also been negotiating for months about the sale of a large number of armored vehicles and we hope it will be concluded when the president goes to Qatar at the beginning of December,  she added. French media have said France s Nexter was in talks to sell about 300 VBCI armored vehicles to Qatar. However, a French government source told Reuters nothing had been agreed yet. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar in June, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas. ",1
13490,Russian military working on deal to use Egyptian air bases: document,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s government published a draft agreement between Russia and Egypt on Thursday allowing both countries to use each other s air space and air bases for their military planes. The draft deal was set out in a decree, signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev on Nov. 28, which ordered the Russian Defence Ministry to hold negotiations with Egyptian officials and to sign the document once both sides reached an agreement. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu visited Cairo for talks with Egypt s political and military leadership on Wednesday and the decree said the draft had been  preliminary worked through with the Egyptian side  and approved by Medvedev. Russia launched a military operation to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in September 2015 and there are signs it is keen to further expand its military presence in the region. U.S. officials said in March that Russia had deployed special forces in Egypt near the border with Libya, an allegation Moscow denied. Russia has cultivated close ties with powerful Libyan commander Khalifa Haftar, who held talks with Shoigu, the Russian defence minister, via video link from a Russian aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean this year and visited Moscow. Russian and Egyptian war planes would be able to use each other s air space and airfields by giving five days advance notice, according to the draft agreement, which is expected to be valid for five years and could be extended. ",1
13491,Muslim holds ancient key to Jesus tomb site in Jerusalem,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - As dark falls, Adeeb Joudeh, a Muslim, makes his way through the stone alleyways of Jerusalem s walled Old City cradling the ancient key to one of Christianity s holiest sites. Centuries ago, the imposing iron key to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, built where many Christians believe Jesus was crucified and buried, was entrusted to his family, one of Jerusalem s most prominent clans, says Joudeh. He dates the arrangement back to the time of Saladin, the Muslim conqueror who seized the holy city from the Crusaders in 1187.  Honestly, it s a great honor for a Muslim to hold the key to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, which is the most important church in Christendom,  Joudeh, 53, said.     Another of the city s oldest Muslim families, the Nusseibehs, were entrusted with the duty of opening and closing the church doors, a task they perform to this day. It requires firm fingers: The key is 30 cm (12 inches) long and weighs 250 grams (0.5 pounds). Historians differ on the roots of the arrangement. Some researchers say Saladin most likely bestowed the guardianship upon the two families in order to assert Muslim dominance over Christianity in the city. It also had financial implications, with a tax from visitors collected at the door.   Documentation, however, only goes back to the 16th century, Joudeh said, displaying dozens of  Fermans , or royal decrees by  rulers of the Ottoman empire, bestowing the key custodianship upon his family. Jerusalem s Old City today houses sites that are sacred to all three major monotheisms. It and other east Jerusalem areas were captured by Israel from Jordan in the 1967 Middle East war. Israel has since declared the entire city its undivided capital. This status is not recognized internationally and is rejected by the Palestinians who want East Jerusalem as capital of a state they hope to found.   Joudeh says his key is about 800 years old. Another copy he holds broke after centuries of use.   I started learning this when I was eight years old. It s handed down from father to son,  said Joudeh.  I have been doing this for 30 years and I feel that the Church of the Holy Sepulchre is my second home.       The Greek Orthodox, Armenian and Roman Catholic denominations share custody of the church, where tensions often run high over control of its various sectors. Christianity scholar Yisca Harani said having Muslim families in charge of the key and the doors helps somewhat in keeping the peace between the denominations.   The church is definitely a model of co-existence,  Harani said. ",1
13492,"Passenger train derails in Spain, 21 hurt","MADRID (Reuters) - A passenger train derailed in the Spanish province of Seville on Wednesday, leaving 21 people injured, one seriously, according to the Andalusia emergency services.   The medium-distance train was traveling between Malaga and Seville and slid off the tracks in the municipality of Arahal due to adverse conditions caused by heavy rain, a spokeswoman for the national transporter Renfe said. Andalusia emergency services said earlier on Wednesday that they had attended more than 100 incidents caused by severe weather conditions in the Seville region, mostly on the roads. Four people were killed and 47 injured after a train derailed in Galicia in northwestern Spain last year while some 80 people were killed in Spain s worst rail disaster in decades when a high-speed train went off the tracks and slammed into a wall, also in Galicia.   ",1
13493,Ireland demands 'significantly more clarity' from UK over Brexit border,"DUBLIN/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ireland needs Britain to provide  significantly more clarity  on its plans for the Irish border, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday, denting hopes that London was on the verge of a deal to move on to the second phase of Brexit talks. But British Prime Minister Theresa May s room to offer additional concessions to Dublin appeared extremely limited as the Northern Ireland party propping up her government hinted it might withdraw its support if she gives too much.  Avoiding a so-called  hard border  on the island of Ireland is the last major hurdle before Brexit talks can move to negotiations on Britain s future trade relationship with the EU and a possible two-year Brexit transition deal. A mis-step by May could bring down the British government or spook British businesses fearful of a cliff-edge Brexit without a transition deal.  We are looking for significantly more clarity than we currently have from the British negotiating team,  Coveney told parliament in Dublin, adding that  constructive ambiguity  from Britain would not suffice.  Hopefully we will make progress that will allow us to move on to Phase 2 in the middle of December,  he said.  If it is not possible to do that, so be it.  Britain in the coming days needs to demonstrate  sufficient progress  on three key EU conditions   a financial settlement, rights of expatriate citizens and the Irish border   for leaders to give a green light to trade talks at a summit on Dec. 14-15. With significant progress on the financial settlement and citizen rights, a deal on the Irish border would pave the way for Brussels to offer British Prime Minister Theresa May a transition deal as early as January. Britain s Times newspaper, without citing a source, said London was close to a deal after a proposal to devolve more powers to the government of its province of Northern Ireland so that it could ensure regulations there did not diverge from the EU rules in place south of the border across the island. The border between EU-member Ireland and the British region of Northern Ireland will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after Brexit, and Dublin fears a hard border could disrupt 20 years of delicate peace in Northern Ireland.  Ireland has called on Britain to provide details of how it will ensure there is no  regulatory divergence  after Brexit in March 2019 that would require physical border infrastructure. But any attempt at a solution will have to convince Northern Ireland s pro-Brexit Democratic Unionist Party, whose 10 members of parliament are propping up May s government. The party ratcheted up the pressure on Thursday by suggesting it might withdraw its support for May s government.   If there is any hint that in order to placate Dublin and the EU they re prepared to have Northern Ireland treated differently to the rest of the United Kingdom, then they can t rely on our vote,  DUP member of parliament Sammy Wilson said in an interview with the BBC.      European Council President Donald Tusk, who last week set an  absolute deadline  of Monday for May to demonstrate sufficient progress on the three issues, is due to fly to Dublin on Friday for talks with Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar in a bid to break the deadlock. May will then hold talks in Brussels on Monday with EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, and will hope to secure a green light to trade talks at a summit on Dec. 14-15. Barnier said on Wednesday the summit would be able to discuss a transition period and that the EU would define a  framework  next year of the  new partnership  with Britain that would follow the transition. May has insisted she wants any new offers to be met with simultaneous assurances from the EU that it will maintain the open trading relationship which businesses are demanding to know soon if they are to maintain investment levels in Britain. ",1
13494,"Pope lands in Bangladesh, to meet Rohingya group on Friday","DHAKA (Reuters) - Pope Francis landed in Bangladesh on Thursday after a diplomatically sensitive trip to neighboring Myanmar, where he made no direct reference to the plight of Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh in their hundreds of thousands. Bangladesh is hoping the Thursday-Saturday visit, during which the pope will meet a group of Rohingya in Dhaka, will help pressure the international community to find a lasting solution to the problem of the periodic influx of Rohingya from Buddhist-majority Myanmar. ",1
13495,Cambodia revokes diplomatic passports of banned opposition members,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia has canceled the diplomatic passports of some opposition members weeks after a Supreme Court ruling dissolved their political party, senior government officials said on Thursday. The court outlawed the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) this month at the request of authoritarian Prime Minister Hun Sen s government in a move that prompted the United States to cut election funding and threaten more punitive steps.  Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the Interior Ministry, said 56 diplomatic passports of former members of the CNRP had been revoked.  Legally, they are just ordinary citizens, they are no longer special officials who receive diplomatic passports,  Huy Vannak told Reuters.  They can no longer use them and it means that they can use normal passports.  The move comes after a warning this week from Hun Sen that former members of the CNRP who have fled to Thailand may be sent back to Cambodia. Government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters on Thursday he was unaware whether there was any attempt to bring back to Cambodia those in hiding in Thailand. Rights groups and some Western governments have voiced concern over what they say is the deterioration of Cambodia s political landscape ahead of a 2018 election that had looked set to be the biggest challenge to Hun Sen s 32-year rule. CNRP leader Kem Sokha was arrested in September and charged with treason over an alleged plot to take power with American help. Washington has rejected the accusations as baseless. The Nov. 16 Supreme Court ruling ordered a five-year political ban for 118 members of the CNRP, including Kem Sokha. The 55 parliamentary seats the CNRP won in the last election in 2013 were allocated to smaller parties after the ruling. ",1
13496,Yet another North Korean boat found in distress in Japanese waters,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s coast guard on Thursday boarded a North Korean fishing boat near a Japanese island where the crew said they had taken shelter from rough seas, the latest in a series of North Korean vessels in distress drifting into Japanese waters. The wooden boat was towed nearer the northern island of Hokkaido for inspection, a coast guard spokesman said. Authorities had yet to decide what to do with the vessel and the ten fishermen on board.  At this point, it is still too early to say what we will do,  he said. Experts say food shortages may be driving fishermen to risk taking their small boats to more dangerous waters closer to Japan. The encounters have attracted greater attention amid tension in the region over North Korea s weapons programs and its latest missile test on Wednesday. There has been no suggestion that the fishermen may be defectors from the impoverished, tightly controlled country which has fired two missiles over Japan in recent tests and regularly threatens to destroy the United States. On Monday, eight bodies believed to be of North Koreans, which had been partly reduced to skeletons, were found in a small wooden ship washed up on a beach on Japan s northwest coast. Two other bodies were found at the weekend on the western shore of the Sea of Japan island of Sado, with life jackets displaying Korean lettering.  Last week, police in northern Japan found eight North Korean men who said they landed after claiming their vessel had lost power and run into trouble. On Thursday, the coast guard issued an advisory to shipping about a half-sunken wooden boat floating in waters close to Sado. ",1
13497,Thai politician eyes kingmaker role as election plotting starts,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - An election could be a year away in army-ruled Thailand, but Anutin Charnvirakul is already eyeing a role as a potential kingmaker with ties across the traditional political divide and to the politicized generals. A businessman and amateur pilot whose party came third in the last election, Anutin, 51, has seen his political profile rise as parties start to map out a strategy for an election the junta has promised for the end of next year. Pundits have tipped Anutin as a possible prime minister in a coalition government made more likely by a new voting system expected to weaken the color-coded parties behind more than a decade of turmoil leading to a 2014 coup.  I think it is better to be a kingmaker in this situation rather than an opportunistic prime minister,  Anutin told Reuters in a recent interview. The main support for Anutin s Bhumjaithai party is among farming communities in the lower northeast and he reckoned it could increase its share of seats to 50 out of 500 at the next election, from 34 in the last vote in 2011.  I have never been closer to the doorstep of Government House,  he said, referring to the official prime ministerial offices. Anutin said he had a good personal relationship with both major parties - a rarity in polarized Thailand, where the army took power in a 2014 coup in the name of ending bloody protests. Anutin was once a senior official in the party led by former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, whose  red  populist movement has strong support in the north and among the poor.  It has won every election since 2001 and it was a government led by Thaksin s sister, Yingluck, that was ousted in the most recent coup. But Anutin also has links to Thaksin s rivals, led by the  yellow  Democrat Party which draws support from the south and particularly from Bangkok s elite. Anutin s father - Bhumjaithai s founder - served in the last Democrat government.  There are major ideological differences between political groups and I no longer want to take sides,  Anutin said.   The bottom line is, the country should not return to turmoil plagued by street demonstrations between different camps.  Anutin was identified in 2009 as a close associate of Thailand s then crown prince, who is now King Maha Vajiralongkorn, according to a U.S. embassy cable published by Wikileaks.  Thailand s king plays a powerful role behind the scenes. Anutin did not comment on any relationship. The Democrat Party s deputy leader, Ong-art Klampaiboon, said it was too early to comment on what might happen at the election. Former deputy prime minister Phongthep Thepkanjana of the Shinawatra-linked Pheu Thai Party shared a similar view. Suspicions are rife that junta leader Prayuth Chan-ocha, or another military-backed candidate, will seek to become prime minister after elections. A new constitution guarantees the army a lasting say. Anutin is the former chairman of Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction Pcl, Thailand s third biggest building firm, which was founded by his father. His fortune has helped finance his political ambitions as well as his hobbies of flying light aircraft and collecting  antique tea sets and Buddha statues. ",1
13498,Playing with fire: tens of thousands refuse to leave Bali volcano homes,"KARANGASEM, Indonesia (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of villagers on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali are refusing to evacuate a 10-km (six-mile) danger zone around an erupting volcano, putting their fate in the hands of the gods or simply staying put to protect homes and livestock. The glowing, 3,000-metre Mount Agung, considered sacred by many on the Hindu-majority island, started spewing huge columns of ash at the weekend and there have been constant tremors and volcanic mud flows since. Search and rescue teams making daily forays into the zone say some are refusing to leave their cattle unattended, while others have spiritual reasons.  The government has been clear about evacuation orders, but some people are slow to act or want to stay,  said Gede Ardana, head of Bali s search and rescue agency.  We cannot force them - but we will be held responsible, so we need to convince them.  For cattle farmer Ketut Suwarte, there was no question of staying put.  There was thick ash falling around us and we could smell sulfur. We were scared and we decided to leave immediately,  said Suwarte, 47, now staying in an evacuation camp just outside the danger zone. Suwarte s father recalls the last time Mount Agung exploded, in 1963, killing about 1,000 people as pyroclastic flows - made up of hot gas and volcanic matter - raced down the mountain. Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, of the disaster mitigation agency, said about 43,000 people had heeded advice to take shelter, but with an estimated population of 90,000 to 100,000 in the danger area, many had not. Ika Wardani, 33, sleeps with her family at an evacuation center at night but during the day returns to her cattle farm about 10 km north of the volcano.  During the day at least we can see the volcano. But we re uncomfortable sleeping here at night because an earthquake or loud explosion would cause panic,  she said.  We would have to drive our motorbikes at night and the roads are narrow so it s safer to spend the nights at the evacuation center.  She says there are people only five km from the crater who have refused to evacuate.   They are stubborn,  she said.  Some of them survived 1963 so they believe it s all right now.  The government has set up radio stations and chat groups on social media to warn people of the risks.   Many people have made the decision to stay inside the exclusion zone, and that is clearly very dangerous,  said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, a spokesman for the disaster management agency. Others, including tourists, are taking unnecessary risks by trying to take selfies as close as possible, officials say. Last month, a Frenchman shared a video of himself at the crater s edge on social media.  In September, when authorities first raised the warning alert to the highest level, an exclusion zone of up to 12 km was imposed, prompting nearly 150,000 to leave, but when no major eruption occurred, many returned and the warning status was lowered.    When authorities again raised the warning level this week, many were reluctant to move again.  If (Mount Agung) follows the most frequent trend, it is likely to continue increasing in explosivity   but at what rate and how large, nobody knows,  said Dr Carmen Solana, a volcanologist at the University of Portsmouth. President Joko Widodo on Wednesday urged people to leave the exclusion zone before it s too late.  There must not be any victims,  he said. ",1
13499,U.S. military says no civilians killed in August Somalia raid,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.S. military did not kill any civilians when it accompanied Somali forces on a deadly raid in August, U.S. Africa command said late on Wednesday, the first public statement on the findings from an investigation into the raid. The two-paragraph statement referred to a joint raid by U.S. and Somali troops on the village of Bariire. Eyewitnesses told Reuters that 10 civilians were killed and the military had been drawn into a local clan conflict. The survivors and relatives of the dead said they wanted blood money and an apology.  The U.S. military denied that any civilians were killed, although it did not offer any details on the investigation.  The statement described the dead as  enemy combatants  and the military later said in a Twitter message that they were members of al Shabaab, the al-Qaeda linked insurgency. Africa Command did not provide any proof for their claim.   After a thorough assessment of the Somali National Army-led operation near Bariire, Somalia, on Aug. 25, 2017 and the associated allegations of civilian casualties, U.S. Special Operations Command Africa (SOCAF) has concluded that the only casualties were those of armed enemy combatants,  the two paragraph statement read.   Before conducting operations with partner forces, SOCAF conducts detailed planning and coordination to reduce the likelihood of civilian casualties and to ensure compliance with the Law of Armed Conflict. U.S. Africa Command and the Department of Defense take allegations of civilian casualties very seriously.  Despite promising a public investigation, the embattled Somali government has made no public statement on the raid, and some Somali security officials said privately that it would not, for fear of alienating the powerful clan whose members were killed.  Some Somali security officials have suggested privately that the survivors and relatives had misrepresented the incident to try to get cash and political advantages for their clan.  The United States has stepped up operations in Somalia this year after President Donald Trump loosened restrictions on the military in March. A Navy SEAL was killed there in May, the first U.S. combat casualty there since a Blackhawk helicopter was shot down in 1993.  The United States has also ramped up its use of air strikes, conducting twice as many strikes this year as last year.  Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991. It now has a weak, internationally-backed government, supported by African peacekeepers. ",1
13500,EU calls for 'equal rights' for all in Myanmar's troubled Rakhine,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar must guarantee  equal rights  for everyone in troubled Rakhine state as talks on repatriation of more than 620,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh gather steam, the new EU ambassador to the country said on Thursday. Kristian Schmidt, who took over the European Union mission in Yangon some two months ago, also called on the administration of Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi to  break down barriers  between Buddhist and Muslim communities in Rakhine. He said the return of refugees should be voluntary and the involvement of the United Nations agencies in the repatriation process would be  extremely useful .  The initial deal struck by Bangladesh and Myanmar mentions the U.N. refugee agency, UNHCR, but does not specify its role. Schmidt said Myanmar must address the  root causes  of the Rakhine crisis, such as decades-long discrimination against the Rohingya population that included restrictions on movement and lack of access to proper education.  The primary priority, which is for the local authorities and the union government to establish rule of law, non-discriminatory civilian administration ... and equal rights for everyone,  Schmidt told Reuters in an interview in Yangon.  There are root causes that must be addressed in Rakhine state so when the refugees return they do not return to the situation ex ante - this is not sustainable,  he said. The exodus of Rohingya was triggered by an army crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on security forces on Aug. 25 - attacks Schmidt referred to as  terrorism  and the EU has condemned. Schmidt said confining the Rohingya to villages reduced education opportunities and could have radicalized some.   You should not be surprised later that some of the elements of that population radicalizes. Becomes increasingly desperate,  he said. Amid the army crackdown, scores of Rohingya villages were burnt and refugees have told reporters of killings and rapes. The United Nations and the United States have both accused Myanmar of  ethnic cleansing , a charge the country denies. In response to the army operation, Brussels suspended invitations to Myanmar army chief Min Aung Hlaing and senior army officers.  We are ready to review that decision at any time in light of positive or not-so-positive news. We still of course understand the importance the military of Myanmar plays in Myanmar s economic and democratic transition so dialogue is open,  said Schmidt. He added, however, that there was the need for accountability and reiterated the EU s support for a U.N.-mandated fact-finding mission that Suu Kyi s administration has opposed and blocked from operating in the country.  There has to be a credible, independent investigation of the events that led 620,000 people to flee to quite horrible conditions on the other side of the border,  he said.  We need to know.  The Danish diplomat spoke on the sidelines of a conference promoting the EU s  Erasmus+  program of exchanges between university students. He wants Myanmar students to take part in it to help overhaul institutions as the country emerges from decades of isolation under military dictatorship. ",1
13501,"Suspected U.S. drone targets Haqqani militants in Pakistan, killing four","DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suspected U.S. drone strike on Thursday targeted a hideout of the Haqqani militant network along Pakistan s mountainous border with Afghanistan, killing four people, officials said. If confirmed, it would be the fourth such U.S. strike inside Pakistan since President Donald Trump took office in January.  Two Pakistani intelligence officials and a local government officer said an unmanned aerial vehicle dropped two missiles on a compound housing  militants under the command of a senior network commander, Abdur Rasheed Haqqani.  Villagers initially reported a blast in the Upper Kurram area to authorities, said one of the officials, adding,  We got it from our informant later that it was a U.S. drone strike that targeted Haqqanis.    It was not clear if the commander was among those killed, added the officials, who sought anonymity as the issue is a sensitive one. Trump s new strategy for the Afghanistan war calls for a tougher stance with Pakistan against militants such as the Haqqani network who have bases inside Pakistan. Since the Afghan policy review, the U.S. has been pushing Islamabad for decisive action against the Haqqani network militants, who are notorious for using Pakistani soil to launch attacks against American-led NATO troops in Afghanistan. Islamabad denies the allegations, and, instead, blames Kabul for not taking out militants who use Afghan territory as a base for attacks on targets in Pakistan.  Pakistan has been facing a deadly Islamist militancy for more than a decade. Gunmen attacked a minority Shi ite Muslim mosque in Islamabad, the capital, on Wednesday, killing two people.  Lashkar-e-Jhangvi al-Alami, a Sunni sectarian group linked with militant group Islamic State, claimed responsibility for the mosque attack. ",1
13502,Pope heads for Bangladesh after diplomatic balancing act in Myanmar,"YANGON (Reuters) - Pope Francis flew to Bangladesh on Thursday after a visit to Myanmar where he made no direct reference to the plight of Muslim Rohingya people to avoid a diplomatic incident with a Buddhist-majority country some have accused of ethnic cleansing. There will be no such balancing act for the pope in Bangladesh s capital, Dhaka, where he is expected to meet a group of Rohingya refugees from among the roughly 625,000 who have fled neighboring Myanmar since the end of August.  The Vatican on Wednesday defended the pope s decision not to use the word  Rohingya  in public during his four-day Myanmar trip, saying his moral authority was unblemished and that his mere presence drew attention to the refugee crisis. But a Vatican news conference in Yangon to wrap up the visit only served to highlight the diplomatic minefield that the issue had presented for Francis. Spokesman Greg Burke said the pope s decision not to refer to the Rohingya did not take away from anything he has said in the past - he had mentioned them and their suffering before his Myanmar visit - but added that Vatican diplomacy was  not infallible  and others were entitled to their views. Muddying the waters for the Vatican delegation, a Myanmar regional bishop cast doubt at the same news conference about  allegations of ethnic cleansing, suggesting  other communities  might be responsible for stoking them.  When we speak of the truth, we should go to an authoritative source or a reliable source to get the news ...   Those who criticize should go to the scene to study the reality and history,  Bishop John Hsane Hgyi said. The Global New Light of Myanmar, a state-run daily, seized on the bishop s comments, putting a banner headline on its front page that read  Reports of ethnic cleansing in Rakhine is not reliable: Myanmar church . The exodus of Rohingya people from Rakhine state to the southern tip of Bangladesh was sparked by a military crackdown in response to Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25.  Scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, and refugees arriving in Bangladesh told of killings and rapes. The United Nations has accused Myanmar of ethnic cleansing and last week Washington said the military s campaign included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s military has denied accusations of murder, rape and forced displacement. The government blames the crisis on the Rohingya militants, whom it has condemned as terrorists. Many people in Myanmar regard the largely stateless Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, they are excluded from the 135  national races  recognized by law, and even using the name is considered inflammatory. Although Francis studiously avoided the term, following the advice of local Church officials who feared it could turn Myanmar s military and government against minority Christians, his calls for justice, human rights and respect were widely seen as applicable to the Rohingya. Francis held talks during his trip with Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace laureate and longtime champion of democracy who in 2016 formed Myanmar s first civilian government in half a century. Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of criticism from Western nations in recent weeks for expressing doubts about reports of  abuses against Rohingya and for failing to condemn the military. China has backed what Myanmar officials call a legitimate counter-insurgency operation in Rakhine, and stepped in to prevent a resolution on the crisis at the U.N. Security Council, support observers believe will draw Suu Kyi closer to Beijing. Myanmar s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Suu Kyi left on Thursday morning for China to join a forum of world leaders hosted by the Communist Party of China. Suu Kyi s defenders say she is hamstrung by a constitution written by the military that left the army in control of security and much of the apparatus of the state. The military s power was clear on Monday when Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, demanded to meet Pope Francis before Sun Kyi, upending a schedule that had her meeting the pontiff first.  I m sure the pope would have preferred meeting the general after he had done the official visits,  spokesman Burke said. ",1
13503,U.S. intel committee subpoenas comedian in Russia election meddling probe,"(Reuters) - A New York comedian has been compelled to appear before a House Intelligence Committee investigating suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for Wikileaks and an ally of President Donald Trump.  Randy Credico, a political activist who hosted a radio show on New York radio, is scheduled to appear in front of the committee on Dec. 15, according to a photo of the subpoena posted on his Twitter account.  On several occasions over the last few years, Credico interviewed and met with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, a man believed by some U.S. officials and lawmakers to be an untrustworthy pawn of Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Assange s group released Democratic emails during the 2016 presidential campaign that U.S. intelligence agencies say were hacked by Russia to try to tilt the election against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. He is regarded with distaste by many in Washington, although Trump, then the Republican candidate, supported the group s email releases last year. Credico has also interviewed Republican political consultant Roger Stone, a longtime Trump ally, who he worked with in the past to reform New York s drug laws, according to the New York Times.  Stone flatly denied allegations of collusion between the president s associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. election in a meeting with House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in September.  During his appearance in front of the committee, Stone refused to identify an  opinion journalist  who had acted as a go-between between Stone and Assange. According to Stone s own account to Reuters, he  reluctantly  identified the journalist as Credico in written communication to the committee.  The committee has been interested in predictions that Stone made about damage the email release would have on Clinton s campaign, the Times reported. ",1
13504,Japan emperor to cede all public duties after abdication: prince,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Emperor Akihito will hand over all public duties to his heir  after retiring in what will be Japan s first abdication in nearly two centuries, the monarch s younger son said, responding to worries a former emperor might weaken his successor s status. Japan s constitution defines the emperor as a symbol of the state and the people, without political power. His duties include Shinto religious ceremonies and constitutionally-defined tasks, such as the opening of parliament. The octogenarian Akihito s 29-year reign has also been marked by travels to domestic disaster sites to cheer survivors, and overseas to soothe the wounds of a war fought in the name of his father, Emperor Hirohito, who was considered divine until Japan s defeat in World War Two. Some experts, recalling past examples when ex-emperors kept their influence, had feared the former monarch s existence would undercut the symbolic status of his heir, Crown Prince Naruhito.  The emperor all along has intended to pass all his public duties including state acts to the next emperor,  Naruhito s younger brother, Prince Akishino, said in remarks published to mark his 52nd birthday on Thursday.  Even if there are concerns about  dual authority , if that expression is appropriate, I can clearly say that it is impossible,  he added. A law enacted in June allows Akihito, who turns 84 on Dec. 23, to step down, but details have yet to be worked out. A special panel will discuss possible dates on Friday, with the cabinet to make a final decision. The abdication is expected to take place in 2019. Akihito, who has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer, said in rare remarks last year that he feared age might make it hard to fulfill his duties. Akishino, who is next in line to the throne after the 57-year-old Naruhito, said he wanted his father to rest after retiring.  I hope the emperor will spend relaxing time as much as possible after the abdication,  he said. Akishino said he was willing to take on the crown prince s duties as much as possible after Naruhito ascends the throne but would need to consult his older brother.   This is unprecedented, so there are many things I can not imagine,  he said. Akishino s 11-year-old son, Prince Hisahito, is the emperor s only grandson and will be second in line to the throne after the abdication. Naruhito s daughter, Princess Aiko, who turns 16 on Friday, cannot inherit the males-only throne.   ",1
13505,Russia's Lavrov: little difference between policies of Trump and Obama - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The actions of U.S. President Donald Trump s team are similar to the policies of his predecessor Barack Obama, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview, state-run RIA news agency reported on Thursday.  Unfortunately, many actions of Donald Trump s team are inertial and, in fact, are little different from the line of Barack Obama,  RIA quoted Lavrov as saying in the interview with Italian newspaper Libero. ",1
13506,Election crisis engulfs Honduras with rivals neck-and-neck,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras faced a growing election crisis on Wednesday, with its U.S.-friendly president edging ahead in troubled vote count that his centrist rival, a television game show host allied with leftists, has rejected, saying he is being robbed. Three days after polling stations closed in Honduras  presidential election, there was growing international concern with no clear winner and both men claiming victory, despite nearly a fifth of ballots remaining uncounted. Stricken with poverty, drug gangs and one of the world s highest murder rates, Honduras is one of the United States  closest military and ideological allies in Central America. On Wednesday, the U.S. State Department urged a quick conclusion to the vote count, which has been widely criticized. Resolution to the festering crisis had appeared possible on Wednesday when both candidates vowed to respect the final result once disputed votes had been scrutinized, issuing identical signed statements brokered by the Organization of American States (OAS). But the accord did not last long. Centrist opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla - who had watched with disbelief as his original 5-point lead evaporated, allowing center-right President Juan Orlando Hernandez to edge ahead by 3,000 votes - told reporters that he rejected the document he had signed just a few hours before. Nasralla cited an hours-long technical glitch at the election tribunal, and fears that Hernandez was planning to unilaterally declare himself victorious, as his reasons for dismissing the results of the electoral body.  They take us for idiots and want to steal our victory,  said Nasralla, who heads a coalition of leftist and centrist parties.  The document I signed today with the OAS has no validity,  he added, calling it a  trap  and pledging to take to the streets to defend his votes. The OAS said in a tweet that it regretted Nasralla had withdrawn from the pact, and that it would continue working for  justice  in the elections. Later on Wednesday, police fired tear gas to disperse Nasralla supporters gathered outside the election tribunal where the vote was being counted. The fumes entered the building, prompting its staff to be evacuated, television images showed. With around 82.89 percent of ballots counted, the center-right Hernandez had 42.2 percent of the vote, while Nasralla was on 42.1 percent, the tribunal said. Hernandez s National Party appears set to retain control of Congress.   As he caught his rival, Hernandez s blue-clad supporters celebrated, chanting the president s name at a party base in capital Tegucigalpa, TV images showed, while thousands of Nasralla supporters took to the streets.  I m here so that justice and the will of the people is carried out, because we elected Salvador Nasralla, and Juan Orlando Hernandez wants to steal his victory,  said 22-year-old David Ramirez, a red political flag draped over his shoulder.   The election body published more than half of the results of Sunday s election early on Monday, but faced international criticism for an ensuing 36-hour delay in releasing further data. The count halted again late on Wednesday afternoon. Tribunal chief David Matamoros apologized to the nation for a fresh computer glitch that derailed operations.  We ve had a problem that we regret and that we didn t expect to have, and that we re resolving as quickly as possible,  he said.  Sometimes in an election, you can have a system failure, but never in a moment as critical as this.  International observers said the delays were damaging the credibility of authorities and threatened to undermine the legitimacy of the next president. On Wednesday, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert urged Honduran authorities to review the election results without delay.  We urge all candidates to respect the results,  she said.  Behind closed doors, the parties of Hernandez, the pre-vote favorite, and Nasralla were discussing immunity from prosecution for current officials and carving up positions in government, two diplomats told Reuters on Tuesday. With a booming voice and finely coiffed hair, Nasralla is one of Honduras  best known faces, hosting a sports programme and a television game show that features scantily clad women. In one interview, he boasted of his penis size and his sexual performance.  He is backed by leftist former President Manuel Zelaya, who was ousted in a coup in 2009 after he proposed a referendum on his re-election. The possible return of Zelaya risks fueling concern in Washington. Hernandez has won U.S. praise for helping tackle a flow of migrants to the north and extraditing drug cartel leaders to the United States. He was credited with lowering the murder rate and boosting the economy, but was also hurt by accusations of ties to illicit, drug-related financing that he denies. ",1
13507,China vows more checks on teachers after kindergarten abuse scandal,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Thursday pledged stiffer oversight of preschool teachers, including closer checks on their qualifications, following an outcry over allegations of child abuse at a private kindergarten in Beijing.  The case has become a lighting rod for anger at a lack of trained teachers, low wages and poor oversight in China s massive and fast-growing private pre-school sector. Claims that teachers at a school in the capital run by New York-listed RYB Education had abused children sparked an outpouring of anger online last week. On Tuesday, police in Beijing dismissed as unfounded some of the claims, such as one that children were given tablets or another that doctors had undressed them for medical checkups.  The education ministry will do more to check the qualifications of new entrants to teaching and will adopt tougher oversight measures, deputy minister Tian Xuejun said, in reply to a question from Reuters about the scandal. Most teachers are cautious and conscientious workers who provide a happy environment for children, he said, adding,  But there have also been a few individual incidents like this that we do not wish to see.  Tian attributed such events to Chinese parents  unmet demand  for pre-school education of high quality.  We believe one side of incidents like this at kindergartens reflects a contradiction between the masses  rigid desire for pre-schools and the inadequate and unbalanced development of education,  he said.  Tian s view echoed President Xi Jinping s declaration, at a top meeting of the ruling Communist Party in October, that the core issue facing Chinese society is unequal and imbalanced development that fails to meet people s desire for a nice life. RYB appears to have weathered the storm, seeing its shares recover some of their initial losses after the scandal broke, thanks in part to active and effective crisis management by the company s founder, experts said. Teachers and academics have said that stamping out abuse remains a challenge in China, especially at franchised, private-sector schools where competition for entry is fierce and norms for teachers are less stringent. ",1
13508,EU says needs concrete evidence from Turkey to deem Gulen network as terrorist,"ANKARA (Reuters) - The European Union does not share Turkey s view that the network of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen is a terrorist organization and would need to see  substantive  evidence to change its stance, the EU s counter-terrorism coordinator said. The comments by Gilles de Kerchove are likely to infuriate Ankara, which accuses Gulen of masterminding a failed military coup last year, in which more than 250 people were killed. Gulen has denied the charge and condemned the coup. Turkey has long accused its NATO allies, including the United States and Germany, of failing to condemn the abortive putsch strongly enough, saying they appeared more concerned by Ankara s ensuing crackdown on suspected supporters of the coup.  As for FETO, we don t see it as a terrorist organization, and I don t believe the EU is likely to change its position soon,  Kerchove said, using the Turkish government s acronym for Gulen s network.  You need not only circumstantial evidence - like just downloading an app - but concrete substantive data which shows that they were involved...,  he told Reuters in an interview cleared for publication on Thursday. Turkish authorities have detained some 50,000 people, including teachers, police officers, journalists and U.S. consular staff for alleged links to Gulen s network. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs. Some have been detained for having downloaded ByLock, a messaging app the government says was used by the coup plotters. Others have been detained for having had telephone calls with ByLock users. Human rights groups and some EU officials accuse Erdogan of using the crackdown to muzzle dissent in Turkey, a charge Ankara denies. It says the scale of the clampdown is justified because the Gulen network threatens national security. Gulen was once an ally of Erdogan and his Islamist-rooted AK Party and his movement ran schools, banks and media outlets in Turkey until the two men had a public falling-out in 2013. Germany s BND spy agency has said it is not convinced that Gulen was behind the failed coup, in which rogue soldiers used tanks and helicopters to attack Turkey s parliament and other key targets. Turkey has also sought, so far unsuccessfully, Gulen s extradition from the United States, where the cleric has lived in self-imposed exile since 1999. U.S. officials say their courts require sufficient evidence to order his extradition. As of July, Turkey had supplied 84 boxes of documents to the United States for evidence, Ankara s envoy to Washington has said, although he has acknowledged that more concrete evidence of Gulen s direct involvement has remained elusive. Germany, which has sharply criticized the mass arrests in Turkey, has refused to extradite people Ankara says were involved in the plot or linked to Gulen s network.  The decision on extradition is in the hands of all member states, and most of the time the judiciary, the independent judiciary, and they need hard evidence,  Kerchove said. ",1
13509,Honduran opposition candidate rejects official election count,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Salvador Nasralla, the Honduran opposition candidate whose early lead against President Juan Orlando Hernandez in a presidential election has evaporated, on Wednesday said he rejected the vote count of the electoral tribunal. Earlier, both candidates vowed to respect the final result once every disputed vote had been scrutinized, issuing signed statements brokered by the Organization of American States. But Nasralla told a news conference a few hours later that the document had  no validity  and rejected the count. Nasralla initially held a five point lead against Hernandez until the electoral count suddenly stopped on Monday. When it restarted on Tuesday, the count began favoring Hernandez who edged ahead earlier on Wednesday before it stopped again. ",1
13510,U.S. asks China to cut off oil supply to North Korea,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States has asked China to cut off oil supply to North Korea, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday, warning that  if war comes, make no mistake, the North Korean regime will be utterly destroyed.   We have never sought war with North Korea, and still today we do not seek it. If war does come, it will be because of continued acts of aggression like we witnessed yesterday,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council, referring to Pyongyang s ballistic missile launch on Tuesday.  ",1
13511,Trump fires back at Britain's May: 'Don't focus on me',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump fired back at British Prime Minister Theresa May over her criticism of his retweeting of anti-Muslim videos, saying she should focus on terrorism in Britain.  Theresa @theresamay, don t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine,  Trump tweeted. The Twitter handle Trump included in his tweet was not that of the British leader.  ",1
13512,Argentine court sentences 29 to life for dictatorship crimes,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina sentenced 29 people, some with nicknames like  Blond Angel of Death  and  The Tiger,  to life sentences on Wednesday in a trial involving some 800 cases of kidnapping, torture and murder during the 1976-1983 dictatorship. Many defendants, including former Navy Captain Alfredo Astiz and Captain Jorge Acosta, were already serving life sentences for Dirty War crimes committed at the ESMA Naval Mechanics School that was converted into a clandestine prison and torture center.  For the first time in the so-called ESMA mega-case, however, Wednesday s sentence included convictions for  death flights,  when people were drugged and their bodies dumped in the River Plate.  Giving sedatives to our loved ones before or during the flight before throwing them in the river or the sea is unbelievable; it s dismal,  said Lita Boitano, head of Relatives of the Disappeared and Detained for Political Reasons. Boitano, who lost two children during the dictatorship, was among the hundreds of people gathered outside the federal courthouse in Buenos Aires listening to the convictions. They took more than three hours to read.  In addition to the life sentences, 19 people received jail terms of eight to 25 years. Six were cleared of wrongdoing, including Juan Alemann, a finance minister during the dictatorship and one of few civilians who had been accused of planning rights abuses. Human rights groups estimate Argentina s military government killed up to 30,000 people during the dictatorship. Most of their bodies were never found. About 5,000 dissidents were held at the ESMA, and only about 200 people are known to have survived. Some of the initial 68 defendants died during the trial that started in 2012.  Astiz had been convicted in absentia in Europe of killing two French nuns held at the ESMA, which opened to the public as a human rights memorial in 2007.  Argentina has prosecuted many dictatorship-era crimes and last year convicted 15 ex-military officials of conspiring to kidnap and assassinate leftist dissidents as part of the Operation Condor program.  But a Supreme Court ruling earlier this year to decrease jail time for those convicted of human rights abuses spurred protests and stoked fears of backsliding. ",1
13513,Indonesia reopens Bali airport as wind clears volcanic ash,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - The airport on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali reopened on Wednesday as wind blew away ash spewed out by a volcano, giving airlines a window to get tourists out while authorities stepped up efforts to get thousands of villagers to move to safety. Operations at the airport - the second-busiest in Indonesia - have been disrupted since the weekend when Mount Agung, in east Bali, began belching out huge clouds of smoke and ash, and authorities warned of an  imminent threat  of a major eruption.  Bali s international airport started operating normally,  air traffic control provider AirNav said in a statement, adding that operations resumed at 2:28 p.m. (0628 GMT). The reopening of the airport, which is about 60 km (37 miles) away from Mount Agung, followed a downgrade in an aviation warning to one level below the most serious, with the arrival of more favorable winds.  We really hope that we actually get a flight, maybe today or tomorrow, to get back home,  said tourist Nathan James, from the Australian city of Brisbane, waiting at the airport. A large plume of white and grey ash and smoke hovered over Agung on Wednesday, after night-time rain partially obscured a fiery glow at its peak. President Joko Widodo begged villagers living in a danger zone around the volcano to move to emergency centers. Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the disaster mitigation agency said about 43,000 people had heeded advice to take shelter, but an estimated 90,000 to 100,000 people were living in the zone. The decision to resume flights followed an emergency meeting at the airport, when authorities weighing up weather conditions, tests and data from AirNav and other groups. Flight tracking website FlightRadar24 later showed there were flights departing and arriving at the airport although its general manager said if the wind changed direction the airport could be closed again at short notice. Agung looms over eastern Bali to a height of just over 3,000 meters (9,800 feet). Its last major eruption in 1963 killed more than 1,000 people and razed several villages. Ash coated cars, roofs and roads to the southeast of the crater on Wednesday and children wore masks as they walked to school. Singapore Airlines Ltd (SIAL.SI) said it would resume flights while Australia s Qantas Airways Ltd (QAN.AX) said it and budget arm Jetstar would run 16 flights to Australia on Thursday to ferry home 3,800 stranded customers. Singapore Airlines and SilkAir were seeking approval to operate additional flights on Thursday, while budget offshoot Scoot said it would cease offering land and ferry transport to the city of Surabaya, on Java island, as it resumed flights to Bali. Virgin Australia plans to operate up to four recovery flights to Denpasar on Thursday.   As the volcanic activity remains unpredictable, these flights may be canceled at short notice,  it said on its website. The head of the weather agency at Bali airport, Bambang Hargiyono, said winds had begun to blow from the north to south, carrying ash toward the neighboring island of Lombok. He said the wind was expected to shift toward the southeast  for the next three days , which should allow flights to operate. As many as 430 domestic and international flights had been disrupted on Wednesday. Authorities are urging villagers living up to 10 km (6 miles) from the volcano to move to emergency centers, but some are reluctant to leave homes and livestock.  Those in the 8- to 10-km radius must truly take refuge for safety,  Widodo told reporters.  There must not be any victims.    Interactive graphic: 'Mount Agung awakens' click tmsnrt.rs/2AayRVh Graphic: 'Ring of fire' click tmsnrt.rs/2AzR9jv ",1
13514,"Russia calls on U.S., South Korea not to hold military drills in December","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia called on North Korea on Wednesday to stop its missile and nuclear tests and for the United States and South Korea not to hold military drills in December as it would  inflame an already explosive situation.   We strongly call on all concerned parties to stop this spiral of tension,  he told the U.N. Security Council.  It is essential to take a step back and weigh the consequences of each move.  ",1
13515,Honduras vote count shows president Hernandez edging ahead,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on Wednesday edged ahead of his TV star rival in a contentious vote count that has dragged on for three days. With 81.77 percent of the ballot boxes counted, the election tribunal said both Hernandez and opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla had won 42.17 percent of the vote, though the incumbent had an advantage of 40 votes. ",1
13516,Iceland's Left-Green opposition leader to become new prime minister,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Iceland s opposition leader Katrin Jakobsdottir will become the country s new prime minister, after her Left-Green Movement on Wednesday agreed to form a coalition government, state broadcaster RUV reported. Her party, which emerged as the second biggest party in snap parliamentary elections on Oct. 28, entered coalition talks with the Independence Party, the main partner in the current government coalition, and the Progressive Party two weeks ago. Current Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson of the right-wing Independence Party called the snap election in September, after less than a year in government, as a scandal involving his father prompted a government ally to drop out of his ruling coalition. The Nordic island of 340,000 people, one of the countries hit hardest by the 2008 financial crisis, has staged a remarkable economic rebound spurred by a tourism boom. The formation of a broad coalition government could bring an end to political instability triggered by a string of scandals. The previous snap election took place late in 2016, after the Panama Papers revelations showed several government figures involved in an offshore tax haven scandal.  Still, some Left-Green members and voters have criticized the party s plan to enter a coalition with Benediktsson and his Independence Party.  Two of Left-Green s mandates did not support the new coalition, giving the three parties a total of 33 of parliament s 63 seats. Jakobsd ttir, 41, campaigned on a platform of restoring trust in government and leveraging an economic boom to increase public spending. She failed to form a left-leaning government earlier this month, but said on election night she was open to forming a broad-based government. While both the Left-Greens and the Independence Party parties agree that investment is needed in areas like welfare, infrastructure and tourism, they disagree over how it should be financed. The Left-Greens want to finance spending by raising taxes on the wealthy, real estate and the powerful fishing industry, while the Independence Party has said it wants to fund infrastructure spending by taking money out of the banking sector. Benediktsson will become finance minister in the new government. ",1
13517,France's Macron to give Saudi Arabia extremist list,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he would draw up a list of extremist organizations to convey to Saudi Arabia after its crown prince pledged to cut their funding. Saudi Arabia finances groups overseen by the Mecca-based Muslim World League, which for decades was charged with spreading the strict Wahhabi school of Islam around the world. Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is seeking to modernize the kingdom and cleave to a more open and tolerant interpretation of Islam.   He never did it publicly, but when I went to Riyadh (this month), he made a commitment, such that we could give him a list and he would cut the financing,  Macron said during an interview with France 24 television.  I believe him, but I will follow up. Trust is built on results,  Macron added.  The crown prince has already taken some steps to loosen Saudi Arabia s ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police, permitting public concerts and announcing plans to allow women to drive next year. The head of the Muslim World League told Reuters last week that his focus now was aimed at annihilating extremist ideology.  We must wipe out this extremist thinking through the work we do. We need to annihilate religious severity and extremism which is the entry point to terrorism,  Mohammed al-Issa said in an interview. Macron, speaking from Abidjan, said he had also sought commitments to cut financing of extremist groups from Qatar, Iran and Turkey. The French leader will make a quick trip to Doha on Dec. 7, where he will discuss regional ties and could sign military and transport deals, including the sale of 12 more Rafale fighter jets.  Qatar has improved its ties with Iran since Saudi Arabia and other Arab states boycotted it over alleged ties to Islamist groups and its relations with Tehran.  Macron said he still intended to travel to Iran next year, but wanted to ensure there was a discussion and strategic accord over its ballistic missile program and its destabilization  activities in several regional countries. ",1
13518,U.N. tells North Korea envoy that Pyongyang must stop 'destabilizing steps',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman met with North Korea s Ambassador Ja Song Nam on Wednesday to tell him Pyongyang must  desist from taking any further destabilizing steps  after the country launched another ballistic missile.  During the meeting, I stressed that there is nothing more dangerous to peace and security in the world than what is happening now on the Korean Peninsula,  Feltman told the U.N. Security Council during a meeting on North Korea s most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile test yet.  ",1
13519,Palestinian rivals delay full Gaza handover by 10 days,"GAZA (Reuters) - Rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas agreed on Wednesday to delay final transfer of power of the Gaza Strip from Hamas to the Western-backed Palestinian government by 10 days to Dec. 10 to allow time to  complete arrangements , officials said. The factions signed a reconciliation deal brokered by Egypt last month after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza, including the key Rafah border crossing, a decade after seizing the enclave in a civil war. The deal bridges a bitter gulf between the Western-backed mainstream Fatah party of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas, an Islamist movement designated as a terrorist group by Western countries and Israel. The agreement states that Hamas, which has disbanded its administration, would complete the handover by December 1 but disputes over the transfer process have emerged in recent days and Cairo has sent a senior security delegation to the territory to try to resolve the deadlock. In a brief joint statement, Fatah and Hamas said they had asked Egypt to delay the timetable from Dec 1 so that they could   complete the arrangements to successfully conclude reconciliation steps to which the Palestinian people aspire . Completion will also strengthen Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s standing at any potential resumption of the stalled peacemaking process with Israel, analysts say. It was initially unclear whether the deadline extension would prevent the 40,000-50,000 Hamas-hired employees being paid their November salaries on time.  Hamas has demanded that Abbas lift sanctions he has imposed on Gaza such as slashing salaries of Palestinian Authority-hired public servants and limiting electricity imported from Israel for Gaza.  The Palestinian Authority has demanded that it must have full control of Gaza in order to be able to discharge its administrative powers there and failure to pay the salaries could endanger further reconciliation steps. Earlier on Wednesday, tension between the two factions rose when Hamas refused to allow Palestinian Authority employees to return to their jobs at three ministries as instructed by the government. ",1
13520,North Korea meeting seeks 'better ideas' to solve crisis: Canada,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - An international meeting in Canada on North Korea in January is designed to produce  better ideas  to ease tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile tests, Canadian officials said on Wednesday. A Canadian source who declined to be identified said that up to 16 foreign ministers were scheduled to meet in Vancouver,  although North Korea itself will not be invited.  Canada announced the meeting on Tuesday and said it would be co-hosted by the United States.  By discussing the various options out on the table, by listening to ... local wisdom of the regions and especially (to those) who live a bit closer to Korea than we do, you can come up with some better ideas,  Andrew Leslie, parliamentary secretary to Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, told reporters. Early on Wednesday, North Korea tested its most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile yet, putting the continental United States within range and increasing pressure on U.S. President Donald Trump to deal with the nuclear-armed nation. Freeland later told reporters that Japan, South Korea and China would be among those invited to the meeting.  It s an important step in terms of showing the unity of the international community in applying pressure on North Korea,  she said, sidestepping a question about whether Trump might do something to upset the talks. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who came to power in 2015 promising the world that  Canada is back , last week said he had discussed with Cuban President Raul Castro in 2016 the possibility of working together to address the crisis.  These are the kinds of things where Canada can, I think, play a role that the United States has chosen not to play, this past year,  Trudeau said, referring to Trump s isolationist global stance. Defense experts say North Korean missiles aimed at the United States could land off course in Canada. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan told reporters Canada was looking at the threat extremely seriously but declined to say what military counter measures he might be take.  We believe the diplomatic solution is the way to go - we feel there is hope for it,  Sajjan said.  In the meantime, Canada s relations with North Korea appear to be warming up slightly. In September, a Canadian diplomat said the North Koreans  perceive us as not an enemy and therefore potentially a friend . Canada established diplomatic relations with North Korea in 2001 but suspended them in 2010. ",1
13521,LNA-linked groups appear responsible for east Libya killings: HRW,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The bodies of 36 men found near the eastern Libyan town of al-Abyar in October appear to have been summarily executed by armed groups loyal to Khalifa Haftar s Libyan National Army (LNA), Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday. Local police found the bodies on a main road about 50 km east of Benghazi in an area controlled by the LNA. Shortly afterwards, the LNA said it was launching an investigation. Libya is divided between rival governments and armed factions. The LNA controls most of the east, where Haftar has expanded his power over the past three years, waging a long campaign against Islamists and other opponents for control of Benghazi.   Haftar s buy-in is seen as crucial for any effective political deal to unify the oil-rich North African country, and he has been increasingly courted by Western powers.  The bodies found near al-Abyar were the latest in a number of such cases in eastern Libya.  Relatives of six of the victims told HRW they had been seized from their homes on different dates by armed groups loyal to the LNA in Benghazi or other locations, the U.S.-based group said in statement. All the relatives said that the victims bore gunshot wounds and had their hands tied behind their backs, and that families had been prevented from putting up tents outside their houses in Benghazi to receive guests during a traditional three-day mourning period, HRW added.  It cited a forensic investigator who reviewed pictures of 23 of the bodies as saying the injuries were consistent with executions at point-blank range.   The Libyan National Army s pledges to conduct inquiries into repeated unlawful killings in areas under their control in eastern Libya have so far led nowhere,  said Eric Goldstein, HRW s deputy Middle East and North Africa director.   The LNA will be condoning apparent war crimes if their pledge to investigate the gruesome discovery in al-Abyar proves to be another empty promise.  An LNA spokesman gave no immediate comment. The LNA has said it is investigating the commander of an elite forces unit who is sought by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for allegedly executing dozens of prisoners, though his exact whereabouts remain unclear. ",1
13522,Exclusive: Former Egyptian premier Shafiq says intends to run in 2018 election,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq, an ex-air force pilot and former presidential candidate, said on Wednesday he intended to run in the presidential election early next year and would return to Cairo in the  coming days . But Shafiq later told pan-Arab TV channel Al Jazeera that the United Arab Emirates, a close ally of Egypt s where he is currently living, had barred him from traveling.  I was surprised that I was prevented from leaving the UAE for reasons I do not understand,  Shafiq said, adding that he thanked the UAE for its hospitality but wished to depart. Anwar Gargash, the UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, denied on his official Twitter account that any obstacles had been placed to his travel, saying the UAE hosted him despite  strong reservations about some of his positions . In a video declaration sent earlier to Reuters as well as a telephoned statement, Shafiq said he would run in the election planned for around April, when President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is widely expected to seek a second term.  I m honored to announce my will to run in the upcoming presidential elections in Egypt as a choice to be president of the country for the next four years,  he said in the statement from the UAE in which he highlighted his time in the air force. Shafiq would be among a small number of candidates to announce their intentions for 2018. He lost against Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in the first presidential election after Egypt s 2011 uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak. Sisi, who as a military commander led the army s ousting of Mursi in 2013 before his own landslide election a year later, has yet to announce whether he will run again. He says he will follow the will of the people. His supporters regard Sisi as the key to stability following the prolonged, violent upheaval that followed the 2011 revolt. His government is fighting a stubborn Islamist militancy in the North Sinai and has also enacted painful austerity reforms over the last year that critics say have dented his popularity. After his defeat, Shafiq fled overseas. He formed a political party and led it from abroad but it failed to make significant gains in a 2015 parliamentary election. Shafiq has faced various corruption charges but was either acquitted or had cases against him dropped in most instances. A year ago, his lawyer said he was removed from airport watchlists, clearing his way to return home. ",1
13523,Lebanon's Hariri signals may withdraw resignation next week - statement,"ROME (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri indicated on Wednesday that he might withdraw his resignation next week, saying matters were  positive  and he would rescind his decision if they remained so, a statement from his press office said. Hariri announced his resignation in a televised statement while he was in Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, prompting a political crisis in Lebanon and thrusting it back into a regional tussle between Riyadh and its main regional foe, Iran. Lebanese officials say Saudi Arabia coerced Hariri, a long-time ally of Saudi Arabia, into resigning and held him there against his will until an intervention by France led to his return to Lebanon last week. Saudi Arabia denies this. Hariri agreed to shelve the decision after meeting Aoun last week, saying this was to allow for dialogue. Hariri wants all Lebanese to commit to staying out of regional conflicts, a reference to the powerful armed Shi ite group Hezbollah, which Saudi Arabia accuses of sowing strife in the Arab world with support from Iran.  Matters are positive, as you hear, and if this positivity continues we will announce, God willing, to Lebanese next week with President Michel Aoun and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri the withdrawal of the resignation,  Hariri said on Wednesday. He was speaking during a celebration to mark the Prophet Mohammad s birthday. Earlier on Wednesday, Aoun was quoted as saying that Hariri would  certainly  remain prime minister and Lebanon s political crisis will be resolved in a few days.  We have just finished talks with all the political forces, within and outside government. There is a broad agreement,  the newspaper La Stampa quoted him as saying during a visit to Italy. Aoun did not accept Hariri s televised resignation, accusing Saudi Arabia of holding Hariri in Riyadh and forcing him to step down. Hariri eventually returned to Beirut on Nov. 22 and postponed his resignation. He said on Monday that he would stay on as prime minister if Iran s Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, accepted a policy of staying out of regional conflicts. Asked about that demand, Aoun   a Hezbollah ally   said:  Hezbollah has fought against Islamic State terrorists in Lebanon and abroad. But when the war against terrorism is finished, their fighters will come back to the country,  La Stampa reported. The group has fought alongside President Bashar al-Assad s forces in Syria against rebels seeking to oust him, including factions that were backed by Saudi Arabia. ",1
13524,"U.S., Britain, France accused of snubbing anti-nuclear Nobel Prize","OSLO (Reuters) - The anti-nuclear group which won the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize accused the United States, Britain and France on Wednesday of snubbing its disarmament work by planning to send only second-rank diplomats to the award ceremony next month.  It s some kind of protest against the Nobel Peace Prize,  Beatrice Fihn, director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), told Reuters of a plan by the three nations to send only deputy chiefs of mission.  They like their nuclear weapons very much and don t like it when we try to ban them,  she said, accusing the three of wrongly opposing ICAN s work  when North Korea and the United States are exchanging threats to use nuclear weapons . The annual December 10 Nobel prize ceremony in Oslo, attended by King Harald and Queen Sonja, is the highlight of the diplomatic calendar in Norway. The prize comprises a diploma, a gold medal and a cheque for $1.1 million. Olav Njoelstad, director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, confirmed the three nations would send only deputies. He said the awards committee always preferred to see chiefs of mission.  That being said, we are neither surprised nor offended by the fact that sometime foreign governments prefer to stay away from the ceremony in protest or, as in this case, because they prefer to be represented by their deputy chiefs of mission,  he told Reuters.  The Nobel Peace Prize is, after all, a political prize. The Norwegian Nobel Committee takes notice of the joint decision of the British, French and U.S. embassies,  he said. The British embassy confirmed it was sending a deputy ambassador and said in a statement  the UK is committed to the long-term goal of a world without nuclear weapons.  We share this goal with our partners across the international community including U.S. and France.  The U.S. and French embassies were not immediately available for comment. Last month, U.S. President Donald Trump nominated Kenneth Braithwaite to the post of ambassador in Oslo, currently held by an acting ambassador. ICAN, a coalition of grassroots non-government organizations in more than 100 nations, campaigned successfully for a U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 nations in July this year. But the agreement is not signed by - and would not apply to - any of the states that already have nuclear arms, which include the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France, as well as India, Pakistan and North Korea. Israel neither confirms nor denies the widespread assumption that it controls the Middle East s only nuclear arsenal. It was not clear whether other nuclear powers would send Oslo ambassadors to the Nobel ceremony.   The absence of ambassadors from the United States, Britain and France  is disappointing but at the same time we are focused on getting a majority of states in the world to join this treaty,  Fihn said. She said the three nuclear states were exerting pressure on other nations  not to engage in this treaty . ",1
13525,U.S. urges authorities to review Honduras election results quickly,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States urged election authorities to review the results of Sunday s vote in Honduras without undue delay, a State Department spokeswoman said on Wednesday.   The United States urges calm and patience as the results are tabulated,  said Spokesperson Heather Nauert.   It s critical that Honduran election authorities be able to work in a free and transparent manner without interference. We urge all candidates to respect the results.  ",1
13526,Franco-German fighter jet project likely to be opened to other countries,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A Franco-German program to develop a European fighter jet will likely be widened to include other countries to lower costs, officials with the German defense ministry and Europe s Airbus said on Wednesday. France and Germany unveiled the plans in July, burying past rivalries as part of a raft of measures to tighten defense and security cooperation. Companies in Britain, Italy and Sweden have expressed interest in participating in the multi-billion-euro program, that is widely expected to be led by Airbus and France s Dassault Aviation. Bertram Gorlo, Airbus Defence and Space s head of key account management for Germany, Austria and Switzerland, told a panel at the Berlin Security Conference that details were still being worked out, but he expected the program to be expanded to include more partners than just Germany and France.  I think ... we will have to ask for the support of other nations,  he said. France and Germany aim to come up with a roadmap by mid-2018 for jointly leading development of the new aircraft to replace their existing fleets of warplanes. Brigadier General Gerald Funke, head of the strategic defense planning and concepts division at the German defense ministry, said development of the next-generation aircraft system would likely begin the 2020s with the goal of seeing it enter into service in 2045. In the meantime, he said Germany was looking at buying an existing aircraft to replace its aging fleet of 85 Tornado jets beginning in 2025. Funke said it would be tough to avoid the national rivalries over jobs and other considerations that plagued earlier international programs like the A400M military transport plane.   In Europe, we re in a world where we still have national interests, industrial interests. And the more partners you have the more complicated it is,  he said.   On the other hand, I m also fully convinced that we will not be able to afford a national solution alone. The key is the will of the partners to cooperate and to find compromise.  Gorlo told the panel that Airbus successfully coordinated with many partners on each of its commercial airliners.  The question is less about the number of partners, it s more about the governance model under which we contract,  Gorlo said. He said the German defense ministry had already expressed interest in setting up a  lead nation  or  lead industry  concept for the new fighter program, which could help ensure a more efficient and streamlined development process. ",1
