id,title,text,label
19038,China says war on Korean peninsula will have no winner,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Tuesday war on the Korean peninsula will have no winner, after North Korea s foreign minister said U.S. President Donald Trump had declared war on the North and that Pyongyang reserved the right to take countermeasures. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Beijing hopes that U.S. and North Korean politicians can realize that resorting to military means would never be a viable way out. China also disapproved of the escalation of the war of words between the United States and North Korea, Lu told a daily news briefing in Beijing. ",1
19039,Second group of refugees to leave Australian camp for U.S. resettlement,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A second group of about 30 refugees held in Australian-run detention centers on South Pacific islands will leave soon for resettlement in the United States under a controversial refugee swap deal, a U.S. official said on Tuesday. The first group of 22, including men from Bangladesh, Sudan and Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar, left one of the camps on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea on Sunday. They were due to board a plane from Port Moresby to Manila later on Tuesday on their way to the United States. Beverly Thacker, public affairs officer for the U.S. embassy in Papua New Guinea, said a second group would leave soon from the other center on the tiny island of Nauru.  I understand the group of refugees from Nauru will fly via Port Moresby before traveling on to the United States on Wednesday,  she said. Australia agreed on a deal with former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year under which up to 1,250 refugees held in the Australian camps will be offered residency. In return, Australia agreed to resettle several dozen Central American refugees. Those refugees were expected to arrive in Australia within weeks. U.S. President Donald Trump has described the deal as  dumb  but begrudgingly said he will honor it. Concerns persist, however, that many of the refugees in the Australian-run camps will not be offered U.S. resettlement, with the Trump administration vowing that only those who satisfy  extreme vetting  will be approved. Nearly 2,000 men, women and children are held on Manus island and Nauru, where most of them have been awarded refugee status. Despite their refugee status, many of those on Nauru and Manus island have been held for four years in conditions widely criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups. Under Canberra s hardline immigration policy, asylum-seekers intercepted at sea trying to reach Australia are sent for processing on Manus island and Nauru and are told they will never be settled in Australia. ",1
19040,"Philippine presidential guard shot dead, Duterte not nearby","MANILA (Reuters) - A member of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s guard unit was shot dead on Tuesday, but the president was far away at the time of the incident and the head of his security team ruled out  foul play. Tuesday morning s mysterious shooting in Malacanang Park, the Manila base of the Presidential Security Group (PSG), is being treated as an isolated incident and terrorism has been ruled out, PSG commander Lope Dagoy said.       The body of the 37-year-old PSG guard was discovered by his wife in his quarters at 0850 a.m. ET. He died from a single gunshot wound to the chest.  We are ruling out foul play,  Dagoy told reporters.  Certainly no foul play.  Duterte s whereabouts had not been known for several hours prior to Dagoy s remarks. The mercurial president was not seen in public on Monday and prior to that had been in his southern home city of Davao, for several days. Asked during a regular briefing about Duterte s whereabouts at the time of the shooting, his spokesman Ernesto Abella said:  We don t have any information regarding that.  Duterte is notoriously unpredictable and often causes confusion with sudden changes to his crowded public schedules, which typically start in the afternoon and can run as much as four hours late, often because of his long, unscripted speeches. He usually spends his weekends in Davao City, sometimes starting as early as Thursday and not returning to Manila until Monday or later. He was due to attend several public events in Manila on Tuesday evening. Malacanang Park is close to Duterte s Bahay ng Pagbabago residence, separated from his Malacanang palace by the Pasig river. Dagoy said police were now investigating the shooting and the PSG did not want to speculate about the circumstances. He condoled with the guard s family on behalf of the unit. ",1
19041,Couple defy Hurricane Maria on roof to save pets - lots of them,"YAUCO, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hurricane Maria battered this quiet Puerto Rican outpost and covered it with mud, but it couldn t separate Sandra Harasimowicz from her beloved pets. She and her husband Gary Rosario said they clung to the side of a house for hours last week to save their seven dogs from a hurricane that reduced their picturesque neighborhood in Puerto Rico to a desolate mud pit. Harasimowicz, 43, a native of Poland said the couple were trapped neck-deep in water after Hurricane Maria tore into their home in the southwestern town of Yauco last Wednesday, sending them and their dogs scrambling onto a neighbor s roof to escape. The storm, which has killed at least 10 people across the U.S. territory, turned the couple s street into bed of debris-strewn silt after a nearby river burst its banks. The surging flow entered their house  like it was the end of the world,  Harasimowicz told Reuters on Monday. Trying to keep the animals close in the hurricane while holding tight to solar panels on the neighbor s roof, Harasimowicz said she watched aghast as one of the dogs jumped four times into the raging torrent that had swamped the street. Each time Rosario, who is Puerto Rican and a national guardsman, leapt in after the errant dog to haul it back to safety.  I thought I was going to lose him; he just did it because he s such an animal lover,  said Harasimowicz, whose family lives in the city of Poznan in western Poland.  I said:  That s it, I m losing the animals and I m losing my husband.  The mother of two explained how the couple had earlier stashed their eight cats on top of the kitchen cupboards to ride out the storm when the floodwaters started rising to their chins. The couple had already sent their children, aged 6 and 12, to stay with a friend nearby before Maria struck. But after failing to find a refuge for the cats and dogs, Harasimowicz said they felt they should remain there with the animals, in part because they did not believe the storm would be so severe.  Basically, we underestimated,  Harasimowicz said. Maria knocked out power and telecommunications across the island of 3.4 million, unleashing chaos and disorder that residents believe will take months from which to recover. Residents of the Yauco estate known as Urbanizacion Luchetti returned to find furniture, refrigerators and washing machines had moved around their homes in the mud bath. Floors were caked in a musty-smelling brown sludge. Furnishings were ruined.  Everyone says they want to leave here,  said neighbor Jose Velazquez, 57, reviewing the mess Maria had made of his home. At the end of the street, the rotting body of a pit bull lay on its side by a house railing, maggots teeming at its neck. Harasimowicz and Rosario returned home Wednesday night when the flooding began to recede, spending the night on top of a bunk bed with their pets. But they were horrified as the waters began rising again. Believing they had no choice in order to survive, the couple broke into a neighbor s house with a hammer so they could occupy its rooftop annex with their pets. By then, they had acquired another dog that had wandered up seeking shelter from the storm.  It was either break in or die,  said Rosario, a jovial 49-year-old who on Monday was taking stock of his ruined home and the family s gaggle of pets, all of which survived. The couple have bathed and washed their clothes in rainwater collecting on the roof, and are now planning their next move. After 12 years in Puerto Rico - seven of them in Yauco - Harasimowicz said she has had enough.  Never again,  she said.  This is over for me.  ",1
19042,Couple defy Hurricane Maria on roof to save pets - lots of them,"YAUCO, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hurricane Maria battered this quiet Puerto Rican outpost and covered it with mud, but it couldn t separate Sandra Harasimowicz from her beloved pets. She and her husband Gary Rosario said they clung to the side of a house for hours last week to save their seven dogs from a hurricane that reduced their picturesque neighborhood in Puerto Rico to a desolate mud pit. Harasimowicz, 43, a native of Poland said the couple were trapped neck-deep in water after Hurricane Maria tore into their home in the southwestern town of Yauco last Wednesday, sending them and their dogs scrambling onto a neighbor s roof to escape. The storm, which has killed at least 10 people across the U.S. territory, turned the couple s street into bed of debris-strewn silt after a nearby river burst its banks. The surging flow entered their house  like it was the end of the world,  Harasimowicz told Reuters on Monday. Trying to keep the animals close in the hurricane while holding tight to solar panels on the neighbor s roof, Harasimowicz said she watched aghast as one of the dogs jumped four times into the raging torrent that had swamped the street. Each time Rosario, who is Puerto Rican and a national guardsman, leapt in after the errant dog to haul it back to safety.  I thought I was going to lose him; he just did it because he s such an animal lover,  said Harasimowicz, whose family lives in the city of Poznan in western Poland.  I said:  That s it, I m losing the animals and I m losing my husband.  The mother of two explained how the couple had earlier stashed their eight cats on top of the kitchen cupboards to ride out the storm when the floodwaters started rising to their chins. The couple had already sent their children, aged 6 and 12, to stay with a friend nearby before Maria struck. But after failing to find a refuge for the cats and dogs, Harasimowicz said they felt they should remain there with the animals, in part because they did not believe the storm would be so severe.  Basically, we underestimated,  Harasimowicz said. Maria knocked out power and telecommunications across the island of 3.4 million, unleashing chaos and disorder that residents believe will take months from which to recover. Residents of the Yauco estate known as Urbanizacion Luchetti returned to find furniture, refrigerators and washing machines had moved around their homes in the mud bath. Floors were caked in a musty-smelling brown sludge. Furnishings were ruined.  Everyone says they want to leave here,  said neighbor Jose Velazquez, 57, reviewing the mess Maria had made of his home. At the end of the street, the rotting body of a pit bull lay on its side by a house railing, maggots teeming at its neck. Harasimowicz and Rosario returned home Wednesday night when the flooding began to recede, spending the night on top of a bunk bed with their pets. But they were horrified as the waters began rising again. Believing they had no choice in order to survive, the couple broke into a neighbor s house with a hammer so they could occupy its rooftop annex with their pets. By then, they had acquired another dog that had wandered up seeking shelter from the storm.  It was either break in or die,  said Rosario, a jovial 49-year-old who on Monday was taking stock of his ruined home and the family s gaggle of pets, all of which survived. The couple have bathed and washed their clothes in rainwater collecting on the roof, and are now planning their next move. After 12 years in Puerto Rico - seven of them in Yauco - Harasimowicz said she has had enough.  Never again,  she said.  This is over for me.  ",1
19043,Turkish court releases jailed journalist in opposition newspaper case,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court released prominent journalist Kadri Gursel from jail pending trial late on Monday, in a case that targets the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper and has been condemned by critics of President Tayyip Erdogan as an attack on free speech. Television footage showed Gursel hugging his wife and colleagues as he emerged from jail at Silivri, west of Istanbul after some 330 days in custody.  This is not something to be really happy about. There are Cumhuriyet staff who have been jailed due to unjust, baseless allegations,  Gursel told reporters outside the jail. Prosecutors say Cumhuriyet was effectively taken over by supporters of Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based cleric blamed by the government for last year s attempted coup, and that the paper was used to target Erdogan and  veil the actions of terrorist groups.  The newspaper and staff have denied the charges. Four more prominent staff of Cumhuriyet, correspondents and executives, remained in custody after the third hearing in the case, including editor-in-chief Murat Sabuncu. The rest of the 17 defendants are free pending trial. Prosecutors are seeking up to 43 years in jail for the newspaper staff, who stand accused of targeting Erdogan through  asymmetric war methods.  Social media posts comprised the bulk of evidence in the indictment, along with allegations that staff had been in contact with users of Bylock, an encrypted messaging app the government says was used by Gulen s followers. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies have complained of deteriorating human rights under Erdogan. In the crackdown since last July s failed coup, 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 detained or dismissed from their jobs. Around 150 media outlets have been shut down and 160 journalists jailed, the Turkish Journalists Association says.  ",1
19044,Supporters of South Korea ex-leader Park ask U.N. body to probe her detention conditions,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Supporters of former South Korean president Park Geun-hye have asked a United Nations body to investigate whether her detention during her corruption trial was preventing Park from getting proper medical treatment, a barrister said on Tuesday.  Park, ousted earlier this year and in detention since March, is undergoing a lower court trial for charges of abuse of power and bribery. Her current detention period for the lower court trial is due to end on October 17, which the prosecution asked the court to extend on Tuesday. A legal team working for Park s supporters has asked the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention in Geneva to look into whether Park was given medical treatment and whether there were procedural irregularities in her current trial, said Rodney Dixon QC, a London-based human rights barrister.   She is not a flight risk... She has been denied opportunity to receive adequate medical care through provisional release or options of house arrest,  said Dixon.  Since her detention began in late March, Park has declined witness appearances in concurrent trials citing health issues, and various South Korean media have reported her as having chronic back and shoulder pains, difficulty sleeping and nodding off more than once during hearings.  South Korea s justice ministry, which oversees the Seoul Detention Center where Park is held, said all detainees are guaranteed ample chances to receive medical care both inside the center and at outside medical facilities when needed, and as such Park is receiving proper medical care.  The ministry declined to disclose Park s exact medical conditions as they are private. Seoul Central District Court, where Park s trial is ongoing, directed questions about Park to the justice ministry as detention is its purview.  The U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention did not respond to a request for comment.  Although the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention does not have the power to enforce an action, it can seek information from the South Korean government, organize a visit to Park to investigate and announce its findings.  The team working on behalf of Park s supporters said in a statement this month it will also bring Park s case before the U.N. Human Rights Council in November during a periodic review of South Korea s human rights compliance.  ",1
19045,Weakened dam looms as latest threat to Puerto Rico after hurricane,"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - A dam in Puerto Rico weakened by heavy rains from Hurricane Maria was in danger of failing on Sunday, posing a flood threat to thousands of homes downstream as the storm-battered U.S. island territory struggled through a fifth day with virtually no electricity. Some 70,000 people who inhabit a river valley below the Guajataca Dam in the northwestern corner of the island have been under evacuation orders since Friday afternoon, when authorities first warned that the earthen structure was in danger of imminent collapse. The fear of a potentially catastrophic dam break added to the pandemonium facing disaster relief authorities in the aftermath of Maria, which has claimed at least 29 lives across the Caribbean, according to officials and media reports.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello personally urged residents of the area to heed evacuation orders after surveying damage to the dam on Saturday, telling reporters that a fissure in the structure  has become a significant rupture.  The dam, which stands about 120 feet (37 meters) tall, was built in 1929 and supplies the surrounding region with hydropower, drinking water and irrigation supplies. The National Weather Service in San Juan, the island s capital, extended a flash flood watch for communities along the rain-swollen Guajataca River below the dam through midday Sunday. If the dam were to fail, flooding would be life-threatening, the Weather Service warned.  Stay away or be swept away,  it said. Maria, the second major hurricane to savage the Caribbean this month and the most powerful to strike Puerto Rico in nearly a century, carved a path of destruction through the island after plowing ashore early on Wednesday.  Arriving as a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson wind scale, with top winds of up to 155 mph (249.5 kph), Maria ripped roofs from buildings, turned roads into gushing debris-strewn rivers and knocked out power across the entire island, home to 3.4 million people.  We lost our house, it was completely flooded,  said  resident Carmen Gloria Lamb, a resident near the rain-swollen Guajataca.  We lost everything; cars, clothes, everything.  Puerto Rico officials have officially confirmed 10 storm-related fatalities on the island, and the hurricane was blamed for at least 19 other deaths across the Caribbean, the bulk of them on the devastated island nation of Dominica. Severe flooding, structural damage to homes and the loss of all electricity, except from backup generators, were three of the most pressing problems facing Puerto Ricans, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, whose state is home to many of Puerto Rican descent, said during a tour of the island.  It s a terrible immediate situation that requires assistance from the federal government, not just financial assistance,  he said on CNN on Saturday. Even the island s medical facilities have been left in precarious shape, with many hospitals flooded, strewn with rubble and running critically low on diesel fuel needed to keep generators operating. Evacuation to the U.S. mainland is the only option for some patients. Signs of the strain on Puerto Ricans were evident throughout San Juan, the capital. Drivers had to wait up to seven hours at the few filling stations open on Saturday, according to news reports. Water rationing also began on Saturday. Signs posted throughout San Juan s Old Town informed residents that service would return for two hours until further notice.  Telephone service also was unreliable, with many of the island s cell towers damaged or destroyed. On Sunday morning, the governor told reporters that officials would continue to clear roads and bridges blocked by the storm and that he would be joining a supply delivery mission to Caguas, a small city in the mountains south of San Juan.  The storm caused an estimated $45 billion of damage and lost economic activity across the Caribbean, with at least $30 billion of that in Puerto Rico, said Chuck Watson, a disaster modeler at Enki Research in Savannah, Georgia.  Maria, which was hundreds of miles (km) east of Florida over the Atlantic Ocean on Sunday, has been downgraded to a Category 2 storm and was expected to weaken further as it moves north in the Atlantic off the East Coast over the next two days. Maria hit Puerto Rico about two weeks after Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record, killed more than 80 people in the Caribbean and the United States. The two storms followed Hurricane Harvey, which also killed more than 80 people when it struck Texas in late August and caused flooding in Houston. ",1
19046,Multinationals in Puerto Rico respond to Hurricane Maria,"(Reuters) - Storm-battered Puerto Rico, with a population of 3.4 million, is still without electricity five days after Hurricane Maria struck with ferocious winds and torrential rains, the most powerful hurricane to hit the U.S. territory for nearly a century. Eighty percent of the power lines in Puerto Rico are down, the island s electricity utility PREPA said on Monday. PREPA spokesman Carlos Monroig said the utility is evaluating all of Puerto Rico s electrical infrastructure by air.  The following are responses from multinational companies with a presence in Puerto Rico on how they are dealing with the aftermath of Maria: WAL-MART STORES INC Wal-Mart spokesman Phillip Keene said:  We don t have a timetable yet on being fully operational, but we are working very hard to recover operations on the island as quickly as possible. As of this morning, hundreds of loads of water, emergency supplies and other needed resources like generators have either been delivered to the island or are on the way there. We will send trucks to open stores and those that are able to accept deliveries as soon as safely possible. No details to share on economic or operational impact.  Lisa Belot, media relations at Sprint, said:  Due to the severe damage caused by Hurricane Maria and the impact on Sprint s network, technical staff have mobilized to review the state of our sites in Puerto Rico and to expedite the reconstruction process to reestablish communication as quickly and safely as possible for all of our customers. Our first shipment has already arrived in Puerto Rico with generators and parts required for restoration, and crews of engineers and technicians from the U.S. have already joined the local team on the island. A second shipment is scheduled to arrive on Wednesday.  The company said:  We are closely monitoring our network in Puerto Rico and working to address the full effects of Hurricane Maria. Storm damage is significant across the region and commercial power is unavailable, both of which can affect our ability to provide service. And, unfortunately, some cleanup crews working in the area have accidentally damaged additional communications infrastructure.  We are coordinating with local authorities and deploying resources as rapidly as possible to assist in restoration and recovery efforts as quickly as conditions allow.  Nat lia Salom o, global corporate media relations at drugmaker and consumer Johnson & Johnson, said:  Our preliminary assessment is that our physical facilities fared well given the magnitude of the storm. We are partnering with local and federal authorities to monitor the state of the infrastructure.  While we helped our employees and campuses prepare, we continue to work with customers and our emergency aid partners to restock products and relief supplies that have been in heavy demand. Prior to the storm, we took steps to adjust our raw material and product supply flow to account for potential interruptions, and we will continue to assess the situation.  BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO         Bristol-Myers Squibb spokesman Ken Dominski said:  Puerto Rico sustained significant damage, and our primary concern is with our employees, their families and the citizens of Puerto Rico.  We have some damage to one of our three facilities, however we are executing contingency plans that we believe mitigates product supply risk as we assess the situation on the island and work to bring our operations back online. We are contacting employees to provide support in their recovery from Hurricane Maria while the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation is responding with a $250,000 cash donation to support emergency relief efforts.  Scott Sayres, a spokesman for Honeywell International, said the company s focus is on making sure their employees are safe.  They re still working on it ... our folks on the ground are making sure everyone s accounted for and what their needs are ... we re still assessing the facilities.  ",1
19047,"Exclusive: Mexico unlikely to find more quake survivors, emergency chief says","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico will search another three days beneath the rubble for possible survivors of the September 19 earthquake even though it is unlikely rescuers will find anyone alive, the country s chief of emergency services said on Monday. Luis Felipe Puente, coordinator of Mexico s Civil Protection department, also told Reuters that the government has instructed prosecutors to investigate newly constructed buildings that collapsed in the quake for code violations, including a school where 19 children and seven adults died.  I can say that at this time it would be unlikely to find someone alive,  Puente said in an interview, referring to 43 missing people being sought at four disaster sites in Mexico City.      The 7.1 magnitude quake struck one week ago, killing 326 people including 187 people in Mexico City, damaging 11,000 homes, of which about 1,500 will need to be demolished, Puente said. About 10 percent of damaged buildings were constructed after strict building codes were enacted in the wake of the devastating 1985 earthquake that killed an estimated 10,000 people, Puente said, leading officials on Monday to instruct prosecutors to open investigations.  The Mexico City mayor and the national government have already ordered judicial investigations to determine who was responsible for new construction that did not meet the requirements,  Puente said from Civil Protection headquarters, where a roomful of technicians monitored seismic activity and tropical storms on an array of screens. A school that collapsed in southern Mexico City, killing 19 children and seven adults, will be among the subjects of the investigations, Puente said. Officials who approved the school building, the construction company and the owner of the property all could be held accountable if any violations are discovered, Puente said. The largest search and rescue effort was under way at an office building in the Roma section of Mexico City where 40 people may be buried, based on families who have reported their relatives missing, Puente said. A person was believed missing at each of three other buildings in the capital where search operations are in progress, Puente said. Dogs trained to pick up the scent of survivors have yet to find any signs of life at the search sites, he said. Asked how mucher longer search and rescue operations would continue, Punete said,  As of today, we have agreed to another 72 hours.  ",1
19048,Turnout high as Iraqi Kurds defy threats to hold independence vote,"ERBIL/SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurds voted in large numbers in an independence referendum in northern Iraq on Monday, ignoring pressure from Baghdad, threats from Turkey and Iran, and international warnings that the vote may ignite yet more regional conflict. The vote organized by Kurdish authorities is expected to deliver a comfortable  yes  for independence, but is not binding. However, it is designed to give Masoud Barzani, who heads the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), a mandate to negotiate the secession of the oil-producing region. Turnout among 5.2 million eligible voters was 78 percent, the Kurdish Rudaw TV station said, and vote counting had started. Final results are expected within 72 hours. Voters were asked to say yes or no to the question:  Do you want the Kurdistan Region and Kurdistani areas outside the (Kurdistan) Region to become an independent country?   For Iraqi Kurds - part of the largest ethnic group left stateless when the Ottoman empire collapsed a century ago - the referendum offered a historic opportunity despite intense international pressure to call it off.  We have seen worse, we have seen injustice, killings and blockades,  said Talat, waiting to vote in the regional capital of Erbil, as a group of smiling women, in colorful Kurdish dress, emerged from the school showing their fingers stained with ink, a sign that they cast their ballot. At Sheikh Amir village, near the Peshmerga front lines west of Erbil, long lines of Kurdish fighters waited to vote at a former school. Most emerged smiling, holding up ink-marked fingers. In the ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk, Kurds sang and danced as they flocked to polling stations. Opposition to the vote simmered among the Arabs and Turkmen who live alongside the Kurds in the northern Iraqi city and there were rumors that the vote would not take place in mixed areas. Officials later ordered an overnight curfew. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered security services  to protect citizens being threatened and coerced  in the Kurdish region, after unconfirmed reports that Arabs in a small town in eastern Iraq were compelled to vote yes. Kurdish officials say no such coercion happened. The Kurds also say the vote acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army in 2014 and seized control of a third of Iraq. But with 30 million ethnic Kurds scattered across the region - mainly in Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria - Tehran and Ankara fear the spread of separatism to their own Kurdish populations. President Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey could cut off the pipeline that carries oil from northern Iraq to the outside world, piling more pressure on the Kurds.  After this, let s see through which channels the northern Iraqi regional government will send its oil, or where it will sell it,  Erdogan said in Istanbul.  We have the tap. The moment we close the tap, then it s done.  The Iraqi army started  major manoeuvres  with the Turkish army at the border, the Iraqi defense ministry said, outlining coordinated measures by the two countries against the Kurds in retaliation for the referendum. Turkey later took the Rudaw TV channel off its satellite service TurkSat, a Turkish broadcasting official told Reuters. The U.S. State Department warned the Kurds last week that  holding the referendum in disputed areas is particularly provocative and destabilizing . Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters on Monday:  We hope that it does not become a distraction and take away the focus on destroying ISIS (Islamic State) and beyond that obviously this (is) an issue for Iraq, you know, they are going to have to sort that out.  The referendum was held not only in the Kurdish autonomous region of Iraq, but also in areas in the north of the country where Kurdish forces have advanced against Islamic State. These areas also have large non-Kurdish populations. Turkey said it did not recognize the referendum and would view its outcome as null and void, adding that the Iraqi Kurdish government was threatening the peace and stability of Iraq and the whole region. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said his government was evaluating possible punitive steps regarding its border with northern Iraq and air space in response to the vote.  Erdogan said traffic was only being allowed to cross from the Turkish side of the border into Kurdish areas of Iraq. Ankara s forces are again fighting a Kurdish insurgency in Turkey following the collapse of a peace process. Iran announced a ban on direct flights to and from Kurdistan on Sunday, while Baghdad asked foreign countries to stop direct oil trading with the Kurdish region and demanded that the KRG hand over control of its international airports and border posts with Iran, Turkey and Syria. Major General Yahya Rahim Safavi, a top military adviser to the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, said Iran regarded the referendum as  treason  against the Iraqi Kurds.  Iran has blocked air traffic to this region but we are hopeful that the four neighboring countries will block the land borders with Iraq too,  he was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA. Tehran supports Shi ite Muslim groups who have been ruling or holding security and government positions in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003. Syria, embroiled in a devastating civil war and whose Kurds are pressing ahead with their own self-determination, rejected the referendum. Iraqi Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barxani said he hoped to maintain good relations with Turkey and the referendum was not a threat to Ankara.  The referendum does not mean independence will happen tomorrow, nor are we redrawing borders,  he said in Erbil.  If the  Yes  vote wins, we will resolve our issues with Baghdad peacefully.   Opposition to the vote emerged among non-Kurdish populations in areas disputed by the KRG and Baghdad, mainly the oil-rich region of Kirkuk.  Iraq is against the Kurds, so are the Turks, the Iranians, the whole Arab region and Europe. They are going to live in a cage,  said Mohammed Mahdi al-Bayati, a Shi ite Turkmen and a local leader of the Iranian-backed Badr Organization paramilitary group in Tuz Khurmato, south of Kirkuk.   In Sulaimaniya, a center for political groups opposed to Barzani, queues at polling stations were shorter than in Erbil. There were fewer billboards celebrating the referendum, reflecting resentment that a yes vote could be seen as a plebiscite for the Kurdish leader.  I will not vote, the referendum is not good, and it could be dangerous because of the threat from Turkey and Iran,  said a shop owner in Sulaimaniya, Ali Ahmed. ",1
19049,Iraq refuses talks with Kurdistan about independence referendum results,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government will not hold talks with the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) about the results of the  unconstitutional  referendum on independence held on Monday in northern Iraq, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said.  We are not ready to discuss or have a dialogue about the results of the referendum because it is unconstitutional,  Abadi said in a speech broadcast on state TV on Monday night. Masoud Barzani s KRG says the referendum is not binding and was meant to be a legitimate mandate to negotiate with Baghdad and neighboring countries over the secession of the Kurdish-controlled region from Iraq. The vote was expected to deliver a comfortable  yes , and final results should be announced in 72 hours. ",1
19050,"North Korea moving airplanes, boosting defense after U.S. bomber flight: Yonhap","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has been moving airplanes and boosting defenses on its east coast after the United States dispatched B-1B bombers to the Korean peninsula over the weekend, South Korea s Yonhap News Agency reported on Tuesday, citing the country s spy agency.  The United States seemed to have disclosed the flight route of the bombers intentionally because North Korea seemed to be unaware, the report said. South Korea s National Intelligence Service was unable to confirm the report immediately. North Korea s foreign minister said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump had declared war on North Korea and that Pyongyang reserved the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down U.S. bombers even if they are not in its air space.  ",1
19051,'We have the tap': Turkey's Erdogan threatens oil flow from Iraq's Kurdish area,"HABUR, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan threatened on Monday to cut off the pipeline that carries oil from northern Iraq to the outside world, intensifying pressure on the Kurdish autonomous region over its independence referendum. Erdogan spoke shortly after Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Ankara could take punitive measures involving borders and air space against the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) over the referendum and would not recognize the outcome. Voting began on Monday despite strong opposition from Iraq s central government and neighboring Turkey and Iran - both with significant Kurdish populations - as well as Western warnings the move could aggravate Middle East instability. Erdogan, grappling with a long-standing Kurdish insurgency in Turkey s southeast, which borders northern Iraq, said the  separatist  referendum was unacceptable and economic, trade and security counter-measures would be taken. He stopped short of saying Turkey had decided to close off the oil flow. Hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil a day come through the pipeline in Turkey from northern Iraq, but he made clear the option was on the table.  After this, let s see through which channels the northern Iraqi regional government will send its oil, or where it will sell it,  he said in a speech.  We have the tap. The moment we close the tap, then it s done.      Yildirim said Ankara would decide on punitive measures against the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) after talks with Iraq s central government.  Our energy, interior and customs ministries are working on (measures). We are evaluating steps regarding border gates and air space. We will take these steps quickly,  Yildirim told Turkish broadcasters. Iraqi soldiers arrived in Turkey on Monday night to join a drill on the Turkish side of the border near the Habur area in the southeast, Turkey s military said in a statement. Iraq s defense ministry said the two armies started  major maneuvers  at the border area. Local media said Turkey had blocked access to the KRG via the Habur border crossing with Iraq. Ankara s customs minister denied this, saying Habur remained open but with tight controls on traffic, according to the state-run Anadolu agency. However, Erdogan later said traffic was only being allowed to cross from the Turkish side of the border into Iraq. Maruf Ari, a 50-year-old truck driver, was one of those who had crossed back into Turkey early on Monday morning. He said a closure of the gate would ruin his livelihood.   If the border is closed it will harm all of us. I m doing this job for 20 years. I m not making a lot of money. Around 1,000 lira ($285) a month. But if the gate is closed, we will go hungry.  The United States and other Western powers also urged authorities in the KRG to cancel the vote, saying it would distract from the fight against Islamic State. Shares of Turkish Airlines, which has direct flights to northern Iraq, tumbled 6.5 percent, underperforming a 1.78 percent decline in the BIST 100 index. Turkey s currency, the lira, also weakened. Turkey took the Kurdish television channel Rudaw off its satellite service TurkSat, a Turkish broadcasting official told Reuters.  Turkey has long been northern Iraq s main link to the outside world, but sees the referendum as a grave matter for its own national security. Turkey has the region s largest Kurdish population and has been fighting a three-decade insurgency in its mainly Kurdish southeast.         On Saturday, Turkey s parliament voted to extend by a year a mandate authorizing the deployment of troops in Iraq and Syria. Still, Ankara is unlikely to make rash moves when it comes to sanctions against the KRG, said Nihat Ali Ozcan, a professor of political science and international relations at TOBB University of Economics and Technology.   Closing the border gate, cancelling international flights and, at the final step, cutting the pipeline can be discussed,  he said.  Military pressure can be used directly or indirectly.   The Turkish army launched military exercises involving tanks and armored vehicles near the Habur border crossing a week ago and they are expected to continue until at least Sept. 26. Additional units joined the exercises as they entered their second stage Turkey s military said in its statement that the third phase of the drill would be held on Sept. 26, and that Iraqi soldiers who arrived on Monday night would join. The military has also in recent days carried out daily air strikes against Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq, where the group s commanders are based. The PKK launched its separatist insurgency in 1984, and more than 40,000 people have been killed since. It is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union. Militants in northern Iraq launched a cross-border mortar attack into Turkey s Hakkari province, hitting a temporary residence used by refugees, the interior ministry said. One refugee was killed and several others were injured, it said. In the eastern Agri province, near the border with Iran, individuals thought to be Kurdish militants opened fire on a mini-bus carrying foreign nationals, the ministry said. Three people were killed and four wounded in that attack, it said. ($1 = 3.5153 liras) ",1
19052,China busts underground bank in Guangzhou: China Daily,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese police have broken up a secret banking operation used to transfer assets abroad, the official China Daily reported on Tuesday. The underground bank, hidden in a food market in the southern city of Guangzhou, is suspected of being involved in cross-border transactions worth more than $70 million in the past month alone, the paper said, citing a statement from Guangzhou s public security bureau. China is cracking down on underground banks and other foreign exchange violations in a bid to  prevent and resolve risks from cross-border capital flows  and bolster the yuan, the country s forex regulator said in July. Last year, Chinese police busted more than 380 underground banks, involving more than 900 billion yuan ($135.97 billion), and arrested more than 800 suspects, according to the Ministry of Public Security. Guangdong province busted three large underground banks earlier this year involving cross-border transactions worth 3 billion yuan and resulting in the detention of 30 suspects, China Daily said.     ",1
19053,Battered Puerto Rico hospitals on life support after Hurricane Maria,"SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO (Reuters) - Puerto Rico s medical services are in critical condition in the wake of Hurricane Maria. The strongest storm to hit the island in decades has left hospitals flooded, strewn with rubble and dependent on diesel generators to keep the neediest patients alive. The precarious shape of the island s medical facilities is adding to the misery and devastation of this U.S. territory, whose 3.4 million residents are American citizens. For some, the only option is to evacuate to the United States for treatment. Among them is Cheira Ruiz and her baby girl Gabriellyz, who was born two weeks ago with a serious heart defect. The newborn was admitted to the Centro Cardiovascular de Puerto Rico in the capital shortly before Maria slammed into the island last Wednesday, but it was impossible for doctors to operate in such precarious conditions. Gabriellyz was among the first infants cleared to take a medical flight out of Puerto Rico since the storm. Her parents, who live two hours south of the capital, found out the good news Friday when emergency officials knocked on their door in the town of Guanica and told them to pack for the trip to Miami. With phone service out, the doctors had called one of the island s radio stations, which broadcast their plea for help in locating the couple. Hours before the flight was scheduled to depart, the parents learned there was only room for one of them. Mother and baby would fly alone to Miami.  I m trying to be strong,  Ruiz said on Saturday. In the days since the storm, the island s residents have awakened to an altered reality. Food is in short supply. The island s electrical grid is down and may remain so for months. Motorists and pedestrians queue for blocks trying to secure scarce fuel to power vehicles and generators. Cellular service, internet, and email have virtually disappeared, hurling a modern society into a bygone era; radio has become a primary source of information. For hospitals across this region, the challenges are mounting. After the power went out, back-up generators at some hospitals failed quickly. Other hospitals are running critically low on diesel. Fuel is so precious that deliveries are made by armed guards to prevent looting, according to Dr. Ivan Gonzalez Cancel, a cardiovascular surgeon and director of the heart transplant program at Centro Cardiovascular.  Another hospital wants to transfer two critical patients here because they don t have electricity,  Gonzalez Cancel said. We can t take them. We have the same problem.  Medical staffers are also running low on gasoline for their daily commutes to work. Puerto Ricans are queuing as long as seven hours at the island s few functioning filling stations.  Marilyn Rivera Morales, a nurse at the center, said she had enough petrol to drive to the hospital for two more days.  How will they keep coming here if they don t have gas?  Gonzalez Cancel wondered. Fuel is just the beginning. The cardiovascular center was  in shambles,  Gonzalez Cancel said. Without air conditioning, the walls of the operating room were dripping with condensation and floors were slippery, he said. Most patients had been discharged or evacuated to other facilities, but some patients remained because their families could not be reached by phone. On the sidewalk outside the cardiac center on Saturday, Jorge Rivera and his wife Dorca approached Gonzalez Cancel to ask about the woman s father, a patient still inside waiting for triple-bypass surgery. The couple are residents of Savannah, Georgia who were in Puerto Rico to care for their loved one. With the hospital scaling down operations and the island s infrastructure on its knees, Gonzalez Cancel estimated he would not perform another open heart surgery for a month or more. His advice to the couple: leave.  I am talking to you, not as a physician, I am talking to you as a human being,  he said.  Get him on a plane. You can be in Miami in two and a half hours.  But leaving is not simple. With the island s main airport still crippled, Gonzalez Cancel said he needed to secure a special waiver from authorities to obtain the medical evacuation flight for baby Gabriellyz. Travelers at the airport on Sunday were told that passengers who do not already have tickets may not be able to secure flights out until October 4. Officials here expect the situation at Puerto Rico s hospitals could worsen before it improves. At Centro Medico, the island s largest public hospital, the disaster medical assistance team of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is setting up makeshift hospital units.  I think this might be a calm before we see an influx as other hospitals lose generators,  said Commander Michael Garner, a regional coordinator for the effort. The devastation caused by Maria is similar to that wrought by hurricanes Katrina, Harvey and Irma. But Puerto Rico s remoteness, lack of communications and fragile infrastructure exacerbate the logistical challenges of recovery  on a very grand scale,  Garner said. U.S. Air Force Colonel Michael Valle, who arrived in Puerto Rico on Friday to help with recovery efforts, agreed.  To me, this is a lot worse, because you can t drive in from other states. Everything must come by boat or by air,  Valle said. Adding to the worries, a Puerto Rico dam damaged by heavy rains was in danger of failing on Sunday, posing a risk to communities along the rain-swollen Guajataca River. If the dam fails, the flooding would be life-threatening, the National Weather Service warned.  Stay away or be swept away,  it said. At least 10 people have died so far in Puerto Rico, where the humanitarian crisis is growing. The Federal Emergency Management Agency has been posting images on Twitter of U.S. responders on the ground in Puerto Rico, including the U.S. Coast Guard and FEMA search-and-rescue teams. But patience is starting to fray with the speed of the aid response.  We need a massive military response,  surgeon Gonzalez Cancel said.  Waiting for news about his father-in-law, Rivera, the Georgia resident and a 49-year-old Iraq War veteran, said the U.S. military could only do so much. He forecast the island would take months to get back on its feet.  You need God pretty much to fix every light bulb,  he said. Dr. Juan Carlos Sotomonte, the medical director of the Centro Medico s cardiovascular unit, said intervention   divine or otherwise   is needed fast.  If this is not taken care of, people are going to start dying,  he said.  ",1
19054,Canada bans its agencies from sharing information that could lead to torture,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada, which has been accused of sharing intelligence that led to the torture of prisoners abroad, on Monday issued rules to prevent its security agencies from disclosing or requesting information from other countries if it would result in mistreatment. The rules also prohibit Canada s spy agency, border services agents and federal police from using information likely obtained through torture, unless it is necessary to prevent death or significant injuries. The directions replace 2011 rules put in place by the previous Conservative government that was replaced by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s Liberals in 2015. The Liberals appear to have publicized the rules to repair the government s reputation, according to experts who noted that it is unusual for a country to publicly disclose such guidelines.  Canada has taken the lead in this regard, partly because it has been stung by past history,  said University of Ottawa professor Wesley Wark. In one high-profile case, the Conservative government in 2007 apologized and paid C$10.5 million to compensate Maher Arar, who was deported to Syria by U.S. agents after Canadian police mistakenly labeled him an Islamic extremist.  Earlier this year, Canada apologized to three Canadian men of Arab descent who said they had been tortured in Syria and blamed Canadian secret services for their ordeal. The Canadian Security Intelligence Service, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canada Border Services Agency will be prohibited from disclosing or requesting information that would result in a  substantial risk of mistreatment,  the government said. Information that was likely obtained through torture also cannot be used if there is a risk it would lead to further mistreatment.  The government of Canada unequivocally condemns in the strongest possible terms the mistreatment of any individual by anyone for any purpose,  Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said in a statement. Alex Neve, Secretary General of Amnesty International Canada, said the clearer rules were an improvement over the previous directions that allowed for information to be shared with other countries in exceptional circumstances.  There s been a lot of pressure in Canada over the last several years as the previous guidelines came to light and all of the inadequacies in those guidelines gathered quite a bit of concern,  said Neve. ",1
19055,Seven arrested in Egypt after raising rainbow flag at concert,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian police arrested seven people on Monday after they were seen raising a rainbow flag at a concert, security sources said, in a rare public show of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country. Security sources said the seven were arrested for  promoting sexual deviancy,  a euphemism in Egypt for homosexuality, after they were seen on camera raising the rainbow flag at a Mashrou  Leila concert, a popular Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay. Egyptian Public Prosecutor Nabil Sadek ordered the State Security Prosecution to immediately investigate the incident, state news agency MENA reported. The public prosecutor has not yet announced a decision on whether formal charges will be filed and a case brought to court. Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. The largest crackdown on homosexuals in Egypt took place in 2001, when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. Fifty-two men were tried in the case, which drew widespread criticism from human rights groups and Western governments. ",1
19056,European ambassadors to U.S. back Iran nuclear pact,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The ambassadors to Washington from Britain, France, Germany and the European Union all strongly backed the international nuclear agreement with Iran on Monday, as long as Tehran continues to comply with the pact. U.S. President Donald Trump is weighing whether the 2015 deal serves U.S. security interests as he faces a mid-October deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with the pact, a decision that could sink an agreement strongly supported by the other world powers that negotiated it.  We agree that the demise of this agreement would be a major loss,  David O Sullivan, the European Union s envoy in Washington, said at an Atlantic Council panel discussion. German Ambassador Peter Wittig said anyone advocating walking away should consider  larger issues,  including an increased danger Iran would resume enrichment, danger of a nuclear arms race in an unstable region and impact on global nonproliferation efforts.  What kind of signal would this send to countries like North Korea?  Wittig asked.  It would send a signal that diplomacy is not reliable, that you can t trust diplomatic agreements, and that would affect, I believe, our credibility in the West when we re not honoring an agreement that Iran has not violated.  If Trump does not recertify by Oct. 16, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions suspended under the accord. That would let Congress, which is controlled by Trump s fellow Republicans, effectively decide whether to kill the deal. Although congressional leaders have declined to say whether they would seek to reimpose sanctions, every Republican lawmaker opposed the deal reached by Democratic President Barack Obama s administration. Many, like Trump, have made opposition to the agreement a campaign issue. If Washington pulls out of the deal, the ambassadors said they would do everything possible to protect any companies based in Europe that continue to do business with Iran from reimposed U.S. sanctions.    Britain s ambassador, Kim Darroch, said Trump and Prime Minister Theresa May had devoted about half their discussion to Iran when they met in New York last week, although Trump did not reveal his decision. He said May had explained again why Britain supports the nuclear pact, seeing it as a matter of national security.  As long as the Iranians continue to comply with it, in the view of the IAEA, we will continue to support it,  he said, referring to the International Atomic Energy Agency. Speaking separately at another event in Washington, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster defended Trump s criticism of the deal.  I obviously agree with the president on this, I think it was the worst deal. It gave Iran all of the benefits up front,  McMaster said, adding that it had the  fatal flaw of a  sunset clause .  He was speaking at an event hosted by the Institute for the Study of War. The so-called sunset clauses are provisions under which some of the deal s restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire from 2025. French Ambassador Gerard Araud noted that the other countries that signed the pact - Russia, China and Iran - had made clear that they do not support renegotiating. ",1
19057,Senate Democratic leader Schumer calls for speedy Puerto Rico relief,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said lawmakers from his party  insist  Puerto Rico be included in any supplemental federal disaster relief packages for hurricanes Harvey and Irma.  Hurricane Maria slammed Puerto Rico last week, tearing apart buildings and infrastructure, flooding communities and downing communications to nearly all of the U.S. territory s 3.4 million residents.   Puerto Rico has taken a serious punch to the gut,  Schumer said during his opening remarks on the Senate floor.  They need our help they, need it now.  Schumer also urged his constituents to add the U.S. Virgin Islands, which were ravaged by Hurricane Irma several weeks ago, and western U.S. states ravaged by wildfires to future hurricane-related federal relief packages. He asked for additional aid packages to be prepared quickly. President Donald Trump signed a bill on Sept. 8 extending the government debt limit for three months and providing about $15 billion in aid for states struck by Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma. Puerto Ricans are U.S. residents but they do not pay federal income tax or vote in presidential elections. There is a growing movement by residents to have their island become the 51st U.S. state, giving them more access to federal funds and the right to vote for U.S. president. ",1
19058,Trump travel ban on more solid ground as top court cancels hearing,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Supreme Court signaled on Monday it may dismiss a challenge to President Donald Trump s controversial travel ban after the White House announced tailored restrictions on eight countries that legal experts said stand a better chance at holding up in court.  The high court canceled oral arguments scheduled for Oct. 10 to decide whether or not a March 6 executive order that temporarily blocked travel from six Muslim-majority countries was discriminatory. That ban expired on Sunday. The president replaced it with a proclamation that indefinitely restricts travel from Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, Chad and North Korea. Certain government officials from Venezuela will also be barred. The new ban, Trump s third, could affect tens of thousands of potential immigrants and visitors.  Trump has been trying for most of the year to create a ban that passes court muster. The Sunday proclamation, which he said is needed to screen out terrorist or public safety threats, could be less vulnerable to legal attack, scholars and other experts said, because it is the result of a months-long analysis of foreign vetting procedures by U.S. officials.  It also might be less easily tied to Trump s campaign-trail statements some courts viewed as biased against Muslims.   The greater the sense that the policy reflects a considered, expert judgment, the less the temptation (by courts) to second-guess the executive,  said Saikrishna Prakash, a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law, in an email. It looks less like a matter of prejudice or a desire to fulfill a campaign promise.  In its brief order, the high court asked the Trump administration and the ban s challengers, including states and refugee advocacy organizations, to file briefs on whether the case should be dismissed. Trump s March 6 ban sparked international outrage and was quickly blocked by federal courts as unconstitutional discrimination or a violation of immigration law.  In June, the Supreme Court allowed a limited version of the ban to go ahead while the justices prepared to hear arguments over its legality on Oct. 10, a date they have now scrubbed. In 2016, more than 72,000 nonimmigrant and immigrant visas were issued to the countries covered by the new ban, excluding Venezuela, with nearly half of those going to Iran. Only nine North Koreans immigrated to the United States in 2016 and 100 were granted nonimmigrant visas. The new ban is set to go into effect on Oct. 18, but it already applies to five of the six countries covered by the March 6 ban, according to a U.S. State Department cable issued on Sunday and obtained by Reuters. (To read the full cable click here: here)  Sudan was dropped from the list of banned countries after the Sudanese government provided information required under the new criteria set out by the Trump administration earlier this year, a White House official said on Monday. The government has said the president has broad authority in immigration and national security matters, but challengers to the March ban had argued that it ran afoul of the U.S. Constitution s bar on favoring one religion over another.  They cited statements Trump made during his 2016 campaign for president, including his call for a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.  Within hours of Sunday s proclamation, representatives for the Hawaii, New York and California attorneys general said their offices were reviewing the new restrictions. Advocacy organizations denounced it as more of the same. If the court does dismiss the case, there remains the separate issue of whether the justices will throw out the sweeping lower court rulings that invalidated the ban. The government would want to erase precedents that constrain its authority while the challengers would want to keep them in place for the same reasons.   This is still a Muslim ban. They simply added three additional countries,  said Becca Heller, director of the International Refugee Assistance Project, which previously sued to block Trump s travel ban executive orders.   Of those countries, Chad is majority Muslim, travel from North Korea is already basically frozen and the restrictions on Venezuela only affect government officials on certain visas,  Heller said.  Sudan, which was in the March order, is no longer included.  The worldwide review examined each country s ability to issue reliable electronic passports and share security risk data with the United States. Overall, 47 countries had problems, and 40 made improvements, including 11 that agreed to share information on known or suspected terrorists, Trump s proclamation said.  The review  at least arguably attenuates the link between the president s alleged bias and the policy,  said Margo Schlanger, a University of Michigan Law School professor. However, challengers potentially could argue that the expanded ban violates the federal Immigration and Nationality Act, which forbids the government from discriminating based on an individual s nationality when issuing immigrant visas.  Congress decided that it didn t want an immigration system that played favorites among countries,  Schlanger said. ",1
19059,Venezuela slams U.S. travel restrictions as 'political terrorism',"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela on Monday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of conducting  political terrorism  through travel restrictions on eight countries including the socialist-run South American nation, which is already at loggerheads with Washington.  Trump on Sunday announced the restrictions on citizens from North Korea, Venezuela and Chad, expanding earlier travel bans that Trump says are necessary to fight terrorism but have been derided by critics and courts.  It is worth pointing out that these types of lists are incompatible with international law, and constitute a form of psychological and political terrorism,  the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.  Our people are being sanctioned because of their pacifist nature as well as their tolerance and respect for different religions and beliefs,  it added. The statement said Venezuela will  consider all necessary measures to protect national interests and sovereignty,  without providing details on how it would respond. The restrictions related to Venezuela focus on officials who have been determined to have done an inadequate job verifying whether citizens pose national security or public safety threats. Washington this year has issued several rounds of sanctions against Venezuelan officials, partly in response to the creation of a legislative superbody called the Constituent Assembly that critics call the consolidation of a dictatorship. President Nicolas Maduro has called those sanctions a financial blockade against the country, which is grappling with triple-digit inflation and chronic product shortages as its economy unravels. The text of the U.S. travel restrictions released on Sunday mentions officials at agencies including the Interior Ministry, the investigative police known as CICPC, the Saime passport and identification office, as well as the Foreign Ministry.  Interior Minister Nestor Reverol already was sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department in July, along with 12 other current or former officials accused of undermining democracy. ",1
19060,Mexico City gets unsteadily back on its feet after quake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico City s infamous traffic jams were back on Monday as offices re-opened after last week s deadly earthquake, but closed schools and clusters of homeless people served as  reminders that life in the megalopolis has not yet returned to normal. The 7.1 quake on Sept. 19 killed at least 325 people and left thousands homeless, with many of them living in tents in the streets or emergency housing. Others among the 20 million people who live in greater Mexico City were gradually resuming their routines, however.  You can t say that everything has totally returned back to being normal, but we do feel more safe that we did last week,  said market researcher Diego Sandoval, 27, back at work in an office in trendy Condesa, one of the worst hit areas of town, and lining up at a taco stand with a dozen other office workers and laborers. The most visible sign of the city coming back to life were the rush hour queues after a week of eerie quiet along the avenues and highways that criss-cross the capital, known for its gridlock.  We just opened up today, getting things back on track. We ve been closed since the earthquake,  said Martha Bertha Martinez, 70, who along with her sister runs a small grocery store in Tlalpan, a southern neighborhood.  Life goes on,  she said. More than 44,000 schools in six states were due to reopen on Monday, but only 103 in Mexico City, or barely 1 percent of its schools, were set to resume classes after they were certified as structurally safe. Officials said they did not want to impede relief efforts, so more than 4,000 public schools and nearly as many private schools in the capital will remain closed for now. The National Autonomous University of Mexico, with 350,000 students at campuses in and around Mexico City, resumed classes on Monday. Of 6,000 damaged buildings, some 1,500 have yet to be inspected, said Horacio Urbano, president of Centro Urbano, a think tank specializing in urban issues and real estate. Urbano said 10 percent of the damaged buildings were constructed after 1990, by which time strict building codes had been enacted in the wake of the 1985 earthquake that killed some 10,000 people. Search operations for quake survivors in Mexico City were narrowed to five buildings, using advanced audio equipment to look for signs of life beneath tons of rubble, with help from teams from as far afield as Israel and Japan. At a school in southern Mexico City where 19 children and six adults had previously been reported killed, officials recovered another body on Sunday, that of an adult women. The search for survivors and bodies also carried on at a ruined office building in the Roma neighborhood and in a five-story apartment building in historic Tlalpan. Even with offices and businesses opening up again, it will take months or years for neighborhoods like Condesa to recover emotionally and physically from the quake and aftershocks, with numerous residents packing up belongings and moving out.   Our neighborhood is in mourning,  said Deborah Levy, 44, in Condesa.  Some neighbors and friends got together (Sunday). We went to eat to cheer ourselves up, looking for a little normality.  Florist Josue Castillo reopened the stall he has been tending for 15 years the day after the quake,  so people could see something pretty,  he said, between the ruins of buildings and cordoned off streets.  But he said residents and businesses still did not feel safe in the area, which became the heart of Mexico City s hip revival over the past decade.  People are leaving their homes and offices in Condesa. Leaving with their families. It was horrible yesterday to see people filling their cars with belongings and moving elsewhere out of fear of aftershocks,  he said. (Graphic: Earthquake strikes Mexico - tmsnrt.rs/2jJ1WA0) ",1
19061,Brazil house speaker says Temer charges must be taken together,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The speaker of Brazil s lower house of Congress, Rodrigo Maia, said on Monday that two new charges against President Michel Temer in a corruption case should be considered together when they reach the floor of the chamber on Tuesday. Brazil s congress has the authority to decide whether the president should stand trial at the Supreme Court on charges of obstruction of justice and racketeering. Separation of the charges would dash Temer s hopes of his allies quickly rejecting the accusations and returning to his reform agenda. ",1
19062,Maria likely to become tropical storm Tuesday night or Wednesday: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria is forecast to become a tropical storm Tuesday night or Wednesday, with large swells affecting much of the U.S. east coast from Florida through southern New England, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said on Monday. Maria, a category 1 hurricane, is about 280 miles (450 km) south-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, with maximum sustained winds of 80 miles per hour (130 kph), the Miami-based weather forecaster said.  The center of Maria will pass east of the coast of North Carolina during the next couple of days,  NHC said. ",1
19063,Desperate travelers crowd Puerto Rico airport in hopes of seat out,"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hundreds of stranded tourists and Puerto Ricans seeking to leave filled the sweltering halls of San Juan International Airport on Monday anxious for a seat on one of the few flights operating after Hurricane Maria devastated power and communications across the island. Fearful of checking out of hotels in case they could not get on the few flights available, worried visitors waited in long lines at Puerto Rico s main airport, struggling to reach loved ones and airlines by phone.  Everything is hearsay at the moment because there is no communication,  said 31-year-old Rene Kessler, a medical student from Baltimore, Maryland, preparing to spend the night in the terminal ahead of what he hoped would be a flight home. A microcosm of the storm-battered island, San Juan airport is a top priority in efforts by Puerto Rico s cash-strapped government to rebuild after Maria. Experts say the work will take months and likely cost tens of billions of dollars. The screens above American Airlines  desks were dark, while JetBlue s displays flowed with red rows of cancellations. Staff called out the names of passengers who won seats on the few departing planes.  Everyone is in the same boat, trying to get out,  said Leyla Colon, standing in line with her 4-year-old daughter at the JetBlue terminal. Without internet or cell service, she was unable to buy tickets before reaching the airport.  At this point I ll buy a ticket on any flight to get out of here,  Colon said. Carriers said downed infrastructure had caused operations to be scaled back sharply. In some cases, airlines used a nearby hospital to print flight manifests. And some customers were given handwritten boarding passes. Mike Henderson, a construction firm superintendent, was trying to return to his family in Detroit after his wife paid $2,000 dollars for a seat on a Delta flight. But airline staff were unable to tell him if he was on the passenger list, he said.  I m drained,  Henderson said with a sigh. Airlines on Sunday were restricted to one or two flights a day, and Transportation Security Administration workers manually inspected bags and patted down passengers.  Outside the airport, rows of diesel generators roared in the heat. They have been life-savers but have had their side effects too. Miguel Gonzalez, 42, said he was at the airport to get his asthmatic mother a flight to Florida. He was hospitalized for two weeks due to fumes from neighbors  generators that were fired up after Hurricane Irma hit the island early in September.  Maria dealt an even heavier blow to local infrastructure, putting immense pressure on medical services. Jessica Negron, a resident of Orlando, Florida, said she had been in the airport since Friday waiting for a Frontier flight.  They keep changing the story,  she said. Nearby, eating canned peaches with a plastic knife, were Allyson and Marcus Singletary from Georgia. They said the storm and airport chaos had ruined their anniversary trip.  This is the vacation from hell,  said Allyson, 31.  This is  The Walking Dead  without zombies.  ",1
19064,"Swiss war crimes inquiry into Assad's uncle stalled, rights group says","GENEVA (Reuters) - Switzerland opened a war-crimes investigation into Rifaat al-Assad, an uncle of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, almost four years ago, but it has stalled despite  compelling evidence , an activist group and lawyers said on Monday. The Geneva-based group TRIAL International said that it had brought the complaint against Rifaat al-Assad for alleged massacres in Tadmor in 1980 and Hama in 1982, and was joined by Swiss lawyers for six Syrian plaintiffs seeking justice.  He was in command of the Defense Brigades   the country s elite commando troops   in the 1980s,  the group said in a statement.  Under his lead, the Brigades are suspected of participating in the massacre of several thousand people in Tadmor and Hama.  Following TRIAL s complaint, an investigation of Assad - the uncle of Bashar al-Assad and the younger brother of his father, Hafez Assad, Syria s former president - began in 2013, the group said. But the criminal inquiry  seems to be at a standstill , the plaintiffs  lawyers, led by Damien Chervaz, said in a statement. The Swiss attorney general confirmed that an investigation into war crimes was opened in December 2013 against a Syrian national who was the alleged commander of a military unit in the 1980s, but declined to confirm his identity.  Its investigations were time-consuming because of the  complex  nature of incidents that occurred long ago in another country, the attorney general s office said in a statement. A spokeswoman said it had no further comment on any criticisms. Marc Hassberger, Geneva lawyer for Rifaat, told Radio Television Suisse (RTS) on Monday night that his client rejected the accusations. He added:  Obviously one must be wary of outrageous simplifications regarding a procedure that concerns facts which may have happened several decades ago and also thousands of kilometers away from here.  A former Syrian vice president who was sent into exile in the 1980s, Assad lives in France, where he was put under investigation for tax fraud and money-laundering last year. In April, Spain confiscated property he owned, as part of a investigation into alleged money-laundering.  Khaled Al-Khani, a Syrian artist who said that his father was tortured and killed in the crackdown on Hama in 1982, when he was a child, is a plaintiff in the Swiss case.  If justice can be rendered to victims of Srebrenica or Rwanda, one must do the same for those whom we have lost,  he told Swiss television. ",1
19065,Chelsea Manning says she was denied entry to Canada,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Chelsea Manning was turned back at the Canadian-U.S. border because she was convicted of espionage for passing information to Wikileaks, the former U.S. intelligence analyst said on Monday.  Manning told Reuters via direct message on Twitter that she drove up to the Canadian border in Lacolle, Quebec, on Thursday evening, planning to vacation in Montreal and Vancouver. She said she was stopped at the border and detained overnight before being handed a report stating she was inadmissible  on grounds of serious criminality,  according to a picture of the report she posted online.  The offenses Manning was convicted of under the U.S. Espionage Act  would equate to an indictable offence, namely Treason  if committed in Canada, the report reads.  Manning said she was getting a Canadian lawyer and planned to challenge the finding of inadmissibility before a Canadian tribunal. A spokesman for Immigration and Refugee Minister Ahmed Hussen would not comment on the case, citing privacy concerns.  Each case is unique and assessed on its own merits,  Hursh Jaswal wrote in an email.  Our government is committed to ensuring that every case put forward ... is evaluated based on its merits and in a fair manner. All applicants can expect impartial, professional treatment and clear, accountable decision-making.  Prime Minister Justin Trudeau declined to comment on Monday.   I look forward to seeing more details about this,  he told reporters. ",1
19066,U.S. citizen detained in Yemeni capital Sanaa: colleagues,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi forces have detained a U.S. citizen in the capital Sanaa for reasons that were not immediately clear, two colleagues of the man said on Monday. The Iran-aligned Houthis control much of northern Yemen, including Sanaa, and are battling a Saudi-led coalition that is trying to restore the internationally recognized government.  Nadia Burch told Reuters that her husband, Danny Lavon Burch, was seized on Saturday after taking his children to school. He had been working in Yemen since the late 1980s, currently with the oil company Safer, said Burch, a Yemeni.  He has no problems or disputes with anyone, which is why he didn t leave as others did,  she said.  I ask for the release of my husband and his safe return to me.  A U.S. State Department official said they were aware and concerned about the report. The Houthi movement did not respond to a request for comment and the Safer oil company was also not immediately available for comment. Two of Mr. Burch s colleagues in Sanaa said Houthi forces were responsible, without elaborating. But Nadia Burch said the kidnappers had not contacted her and she was unsure of their identity. More than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen s civil war. It began in March 2015 when the Houthis advanced on the interim headquarters of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi in the southern port city of Aden, forcing him to flee the country and seek Saudi help. ",1
19067,Turnout high as Iraqi Kurds defy threats to hold independence vote,"ERBIL/SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurds voted in large numbers in an independence referendum in northern Iraq on Monday, ignoring pressure from Baghdad, threats from Turkey and Iran, and international warnings that the vote may ignite yet more regional conflict. The vote organized by Kurdish authorities is expected to deliver a comfortable  yes  for independence, but is not binding. However, it is designed to give Masoud Barzani, who heads the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), a mandate to negotiate the secession of the oil-producing region. Turnout among 5.2 million eligible voters was 78 percent, the Kurdish Rudaw TV station said, and vote counting had started. Final results are expected within 72 hours. Voters were asked to say yes or no to the question:  Do you want the Kurdistan Region and Kurdistani areas outside the (Kurdistan) Region to become an independent country?   For Iraqi Kurds - part of the largest ethnic group left stateless when the Ottoman empire collapsed a century ago - the referendum offered a historic opportunity despite intense international pressure to call it off.  We have seen worse, we have seen injustice, killings and blockades,  said Talat, waiting to vote in the regional capital of Erbil, as a group of smiling women, in colorful Kurdish dress, emerged from the school showing their fingers stained with ink, a sign that they cast their ballot. At Sheikh Amir village, near the Peshmerga front lines west of Erbil, long lines of Kurdish fighters waited to vote at a former school. Most emerged smiling, holding up ink-marked fingers. In the ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk, Kurds sang and danced as they flocked to polling stations. Opposition to the vote simmered among the Arabs and Turkmen who live alongside the Kurds in the northern Iraqi city and there were rumors that the vote would not take place in mixed areas. Officials later ordered an overnight curfew. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered security services  to protect citizens being threatened and coerced  in the Kurdish region, after unconfirmed reports that Arabs in a small town in eastern Iraq were compelled to vote yes. Kurdish officials say no such coercion happened. The Kurds also say the vote acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army in 2014 and seized control of a third of Iraq. But with 30 million ethnic Kurds scattered across the region - mainly in Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria - Tehran and Ankara fear the spread of separatism to their own Kurdish populations. President Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey could cut off the pipeline that carries oil from northern Iraq to the outside world, piling more pressure on the Kurds.  After this, let s see through which channels the northern Iraqi regional government will send its oil, or where it will sell it,  Erdogan said in Istanbul.  We have the tap. The moment we close the tap, then it s done.  The Iraqi army started  major manoeuvres  with the Turkish army at the border, the Iraqi defense ministry said, outlining coordinated measures by the two countries against the Kurds in retaliation for the referendum. Turkey later took the Rudaw TV channel off its satellite service TurkSat, a Turkish broadcasting official told Reuters. The U.S. State Department warned the Kurds last week that  holding the referendum in disputed areas is particularly provocative and destabilizing . Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters on Monday:  We hope that it does not become a distraction and take away the focus on destroying ISIS (Islamic State) and beyond that obviously this (is) an issue for Iraq, you know, they are going to have to sort that out.  The referendum was held not only in the Kurdish autonomous region of Iraq, but also in areas in the north of the country where Kurdish forces have advanced against Islamic State. These areas also have large non-Kurdish populations. Turkey said it did not recognize the referendum and would view its outcome as null and void, adding that the Iraqi Kurdish government was threatening the peace and stability of Iraq and the whole region. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said his government was evaluating possible punitive steps regarding its border with northern Iraq and air space in response to the vote.  Erdogan said traffic was only being allowed to cross from the Turkish side of the border into Kurdish areas of Iraq. Ankara s forces are again fighting a Kurdish insurgency in Turkey following the collapse of a peace process. Iran announced a ban on direct flights to and from Kurdistan on Sunday, while Baghdad asked foreign countries to stop direct oil trading with the Kurdish region and demanded that the KRG hand over control of its international airports and border posts with Iran, Turkey and Syria. Major General Yahya Rahim Safavi, a top military adviser to the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei, said Iran regarded the referendum as  treason  against the Iraqi Kurds.  Iran has blocked air traffic to this region but we are hopeful that the four neighboring countries will block the land borders with Iraq too,  he was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA. Tehran supports Shi ite Muslim groups who have been ruling or holding security and government positions in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003. Syria, embroiled in a devastating civil war and whose Kurds are pressing ahead with their own self-determination, rejected the referendum. Iraqi Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barxani said he hoped to maintain good relations with Turkey and the referendum was not a threat to Ankara.  The referendum does not mean independence will happen tomorrow, nor are we redrawing borders,  he said in Erbil.  If the  Yes  vote wins, we will resolve our issues with Baghdad peacefully.   Opposition to the vote emerged among non-Kurdish populations in areas disputed by the KRG and Baghdad, mainly the oil-rich region of Kirkuk.  Iraq is against the Kurds, so are the Turks, the Iranians, the whole Arab region and Europe. They are going to live in a cage,  said Mohammed Mahdi al-Bayati, a Shi ite Turkmen and a local leader of the Iranian-backed Badr Organization paramilitary group in Tuz Khurmato, south of Kirkuk.   In Sulaimaniya, a center for political groups opposed to Barzani, queues at polling stations were shorter than in Erbil. There were fewer billboards celebrating the referendum, reflecting resentment that a yes vote could be seen as a plebiscite for the Kurdish leader.  I will not vote, the referendum is not good, and it could be dangerous because of the threat from Turkey and Iran,  said a shop owner in Sulaimaniya, Ali Ahmed. ",1
19068,Eighty percent of Puerto Rico power lines down: PREPA,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eighty percent of the power lines in Puerto Rico are down, the U.S. commonwealth s electric utility PREPA said on Monday, after Hurricane Maria blew through the island last week.  PREPA spokesman Carlos Monroig said the utility is evaluating all of Puerto Rico s electrical infrastructure by air.  ",1
19069,"China's U.N. envoy says North Korea, U.S. rhetoric 'too dangerous'","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Reacting to remarks by North Korea s foreign minister on Monday, China s U.N. Ambassador Liu Jieyi told Reuters the escalating rhetoric between North Korea and the United States was getting too dangerous and the only solution was negotiations. North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told reporters that President Donald Trump had declared war on North Korea and Pyongyang reserves the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down U.S. bombers even if not in its air space.  We want things to calm down. It s getting too dangerous and it s in nobody s interest,  Liu told Reuters.  We certainly hope that (the United States and North Korea) will see that there is no other way than negotiations to solve the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula ... The alternative is a disaster.  ",1
19070,"Britain's Labour shifts on Brexit, proposes staying in customs union","BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain could stay in a customs union with the European Union after leaving the bloc if Labour win power, the main opposition party said on Monday, putting pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May s divided government over Brexit. Labour s Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer said the party was ready to be  the grown-ups in the room  and take charge of negotiations to leave the EU, cautioning against taking anything off the table when looking at Britain s future ties with the EU. After months of sticking to a position little different from the Conservative Party s pursuit of a clean break with the EU, Labour changed tack last month by suggesting that, if in power, it would press for remaining in the EU s single market for a transition period to smooth Britain s departure in March 2019. Starmer s words took that position further.  If we were in government...we would negotiate a final deal...that retained the benefits of the customs union and the single market,  Starmer told hundreds of Labour members in the southern English seaside town of Brighton.  Subject, of course to negotiations, remaining in a form of customs union with the EU is a possible end destination for Labour.  He later told an event that rather than taking an off-the-shelf arrangement for future trade with the EU in a final deal, he wanted to pursue the  harder challenge  of trying to win  a changed relationship with the single market  that keeps free trade but not membership, possibly by signing a new treaty. But while challenging May s vision for Brexit, the move also could deepen divisions in Labour, putting those who want the close economic ties of a customs union at odds with others who say the referendum vote means complete withdrawal. Steve Baker, a Conservative minister working on Brexit, criticized Labour for having  no plan for Brexit, no interest in controlling our borders and no desire to make the most of the opportunities it will bring . After Britain voted to leave the European Union last year, divisions over what Brexit will look like have split both parties and the country, revealing deep differences between the  south and more industrial north of England, between young and old and between urban voters and those in rural areas.  While Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain, England and Wales voted to leave. Labour and the Conservatives have both struggled to keep their parties together on Brexit strategy, but by aiming for what some call a  softer  departure, the leftist party hopes to offer a catch-all option to voters across the divide. While Labour said it offered flexibility, May s government counters that staying in the customs union, which imposes tariffs on trade with external countries while allowing tariff-free movement of goods, would betray the Brexit vote and stop Britain from agreeing trade deals with other countries.  No rash, ideological red lines preventing a sensible deal. No fantastical,  blue sky  proposals. A pragmatic approach. Labour are now the grown-ups in the room. We stand ready to take charge of the negotiations,  Starmer said. Labour is riding high since winning more seats than expected in a June election, when May s attempt to win a stronger hand in the Brexit negotiations failed and lost her Conservatives their majority. The party has capitalized on divisions in May s cabinet,  saying Britain has run out of time, largely because of that election, to negotiate a bespoke deal for transition.  The way the Tories (Conservatives) are handling Brexit tells you a lot about their competence - or should I say incompetence,  Starmer said. Labour s move has attracted  remain  voters from last year s referendum, but the party is keen not to lose its supporters, mostly in northern England, who backed Brexit and have been reticent on how they see the future relationship with the bloc. But at its conference, packed with younger voters who have flocked to leader Jeremy Corbyn as someone who can bring change, Labour members voted to debate issues other than Brexit, meaning a public discussion of EU policy was not on the official agenda. Some more centrist members, part of a  Labour First  grouping, called it an  unprincipled and anti-democratic stitch-up  aimed at stopping differences of opinion from being exposed. Others said they would press their fight to force Labour to commit to staying in the EU s single market and customs union.  It is now even more vital that as we go forward we put clear red water between the Labour Party and the government on Brexit,  pro-EU Labour lawmaker Chuka Umunna said.   For me and many others, that means committing to full and permanent membership of the single market and customs union. We will continue to make this argument.  ",1
19071,"UK's Labour pledges infrastructure nationalization, credit card cap","BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Britain s opposition Labour Party set out plans on Monday to nationalize billions of pounds of privately-funded infrastructure contracts, cap credit card interest charges, and get extra cash from large corporations. It said it would offer shareholder compensation for the contract nationalization. In June s election, Labour found more support than expected among voters seeking change after seven-years of Conservative-led government, coming in second. Although no election is due until 2022, it is preparing for Theresa May s Conservative minority government to fall much sooner. Under socialist leader Jeremy Corbyn, a parliamentary veteran, and his would-be finance minister John McDonnell, Labour has shifted from the centrist pro-business platform of former prime minister Tony Blair to a more interventionist left-wing pitch. McDonnell used a speech at the party s annual conference in the English seaside resort of Brighton to call for a more state-controlled economy, promising to bring so-called  Private Finance Initiative  contracts into public control. The contracts have been used for decades to fund public infrastructure project using private capital. They have long attracted criticism for inflating costs and channeling public money to shareholders. Successive governments have attempted to reform the process.  We ll put an end to this scandal and we ll reduce the cost to the taxpayers ... we ll bring existing PFI contracts back in-house,  McDonnell said. A 2015 parliamentary report said the government owed over 222 billion pounds of charges on PFI contracts spread across several decades. Labour said shareholders would be compensated in the form of government bonds at a level determined by when the contracts are brought back into public control. They did not give an estimated cost for the policy. McDonnell also repeated pledges from Labour s popular 2017 election manifesto to nationalize industries like rail and water. Business was critical of the approach.  The Shadow Chancellor s vision of massive state intervention is the wrong plan at the wrong time. It raises a warning flag over the British economy at a critical time for our country s future,  said Carolyn Fairbairn, director-general of the CBI business lobby group.   Labour has struggled in recent years to overcome the perception that it is to blame for the effects of 2007/8 financial crisis, which led to a recession, costly bank bailouts and a sharp rise in the national debt. But McDonnell criticized the Conservatives  economic track record since they took power from Labour in 2010 and said they were responsible for slow wage growth which was forcing consumers into debt and risking another economic crisis. He said Labour wanted the financial regulator to impose a cap on the amount of interest payable on credit card debt to help those caught in  persistent debt .  It means that no-one will ever pay more in interest than their original loan,  McDonnell said.  If the Tories refuse to act, I can announce today that the next Labour Government will amend the law.  The Financial Conduct Authority in April proposed a set of less-radical measures to encourage companies to reduce the number of customers in persistent debt. The finance industry trade body said the FCA had rejected the idea of an outright cap on interest charges. And the government said Labour proposals went too far and would hurt the economy. McDonnell, who once listed  generally fomenting the overthrow of capitalism  among his interests in the Who s Who directory of influential people, also took aim at the wealthy, bankers and large corporations. He said Labour would fund its plans for higher public spending on things like health and education and a large-scale infrastructure investment program by clamping down on tax evasion and making big firms pay more tax.  To pay for those public services we ll close the tax loopholes and the tax avoidance scams (used) by the mega rich,  he said. He criticized the banking system for pumping up property prices and fuelling a  rentier economy , pledging instead to make sure banks invest in  high value, high productivity  businesses.  To reconnect the financial sector to the economy of research and development and production, we will transform our financial system,  he said. ",1
19072,"Notion U.S. has declared war on North Korea is 'absurd,' White House says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The North Korean foreign minister s statement that the United States has declared war on Pyongyang is  absurd,  the White House said on Monday.  We ve not declared war on North Korea. Frankly, the suggestion of that is absurd,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters. ",1
19073,Venezuela doctors in protest urge stronger WHO stance on health crisis,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s doctors, fed up with what they called the World Health Organization s passive attitude toward the country s deep medical crisis, protested at the agency s Caracas office on Monday to demand more pressure on the government and additional assistance. Venezuela is suffering from a roughly 85 percent shortage of medicines, decrepit hospital infrastructure, and an exodus of doctors during a brutal recession. Once-controlled diseases like diphtheria and measles have returned due in part to insufficient vaccines and antibiotics, while Venezuelans suffering chronic illnesses like cancer or diabetes often have to forgo treatment. Malnutrition is also rising, doctors say. Rare government data published in May showed maternal mortality shot up 65 percent while malaria cases jumped 76 percent. The former health minister was fired shortly after the bulletin s publication, and it has not been issued since. In the latest protest by an umbrella group of health associations, dozens of doctors and activists gathered at the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), the WHO s regional office, urging the agency step up pressure on Nicolas Maduro s leftist government and provide more aid during its 29th Pan American Sanitary Conference this week.  There s been a complicit attitude because they haven t denounced things,  Dr. Rafael Muci said during the rally.  This is an unlivable country, and no one is paying attention,  he said, adding he earns about $8 a month at a state hospital. In a statement on Monday, PAHO stressed its main role was to provide  technical cooperation  and highlighted recent help in providing vaccines. The Venezuelan government, which accuses activists of whipping up panic and the business elite of hiding medicines, did not respond to a request for comment. Venezuelans seeking certain drugs often have to scour pharmacies, seek foreign donations or turn to social media.  Sociologist Maria Angelica Casanova, 51, has struggled to find psychiatric medicines for a year.  Sometimes they come, sometimes they don t. It s serious,  she said, as passers-by shouted  Down with Maduro!  Measles, which were controlled after a mass immunization in the 1990s, has returned to Venezuela s jungle state of Bolivar, PAHO data show. As the crisis stokes emigration, Venezuela s health problems could be exported, doctors warned.  We don t know how many people who are emigrating could have some of these pathogens in incubation period,  said Andres Barreto, an epidemiologist who had participated in the measles vaccination drive. ",1
19074,Man found guilty under UK terrorism laws after refusing to reveal passwords,"LONDON (Reuters) - A man who refused to provide passwords to his electronic devices when stopped by British police was found guilty under terrorism laws at a court in London on Monday, in a case that campaigners say threatens personal privacy. Muhammad Rabbani, 36, the international director of campaign group CAGE was found guilty of wilfully obstructing or seeking to frustrate an examination or search, and given a conditional 12-month discharge, and was ordered to pay a 620 pound ($830) fine. CAGE is an advocacy group which campaigns against the impact of counter-terrorism policies, and came to international attention over its links to Jihadi John, a British Islamic militant, before he went to Syria. Rabbani said he was returning from a wedding in Qatar when he was stopped at Heathrow last November. Police seized his phone and computer, and demanded the passwords for the devices. Rabbani said that he had not provided the passwords as he wanted to protect the privacy of a client who he was working with on an anti-torture case. However, judge Emma Arbuthnot found that Rabbani was lawfully required to provide the passwords. Rabbani said he would appeal the decision. He was held under Schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000, which was used to detain David Miranda, the partner of the journalist who brought leaks from former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden to world attention in 2013.  Rabbani said that the law poses a threat to personal privacy, and told reporters and supporters outside the court that the decision  highlights the absurdity of the Schedule 7 law.    They accept that at no point was I under suspicion, and that ultimately this was a matter of having been profiled,  he said, referring to the judge and prosecution.  There are important implications for our collective privacy, as Schedule 7 acts as a digital strip-search.  But the police welcomed the verdict.  Today s verdict is an important one. It s crucial that police are able to use the legislation that exists to help keep the public safe,  said Commander Dean Haydon, head of the Met Police Counter Terrorism Command, in a statement, adding that Schedule 7 was a vital tool in the fight against terrorism.  The Met has retained Rabbani s phone and laptop and is continuing its efforts to examine the contents.   ($1 = 0.7437 pounds) ",1
19075,Iraq hangs 42 Sunni militants convicted of terrorism,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq on Sunday executed 42 Sunni Muslim militants convicted on terrorism charges ranging from killing members of security forces to detonating car bombs. The biggest mass execution this year in Iraq came after Sunni suicide attacks killed at least 60 people near the southern city of Nassiriya, a Shi ite area, on Sept. 14, prompting Shi ite demands for tougher judicial action. Amnesty International criticized the move, saying on Monday that  mass execution is a shocking display of the Iraqi authorities  resort to the death penalty to try to show they are responding to security threats .  The death penalty is an irreversible and reprehensible punishment that should not be used in any circumstances and there is no evidence to show that it deters crime more than any other means of punishment,  Amnesty said in a report. The Justice Ministry said on Sunday the 42 had been hanged at a prison in Nassiriya, three months after 14 other militants were executed following convictions for terrorism. Islamic State claimed responsibility for three suicide attacks targeting restaurants and a security checkpoint near Nassiriya. Relatives of victims were invited to witness Sunday s executions, the justice ministry said.  Despite all the pain inside me after losing my two brothers in the suicide attacks, when I saw the terrorists dangling from the rope I felt relief,  said Fadhil Abdul Ameer from Nassiriya. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate, declared in 2014 after it captured wide areas of northern and western Iraq, effectively collapsed in July when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq. But recent deadly bomb attacks in Baghdad and other cities show the jihadists remain capable of guerrilla-style warfare, a tactical shift away from seeking territorial conquest. ",1
19076,Hopes and frustrations as Brexit talks resume after May speech,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and EU negotiators talked up hopes for progress on Brexit as a new round of talks began in Brussels on Monday, three days after Prime Minister Theresa May tried to revive the process and improve the mood. But neither side disguised continued frustrations: the European Union s Michel Barnier dismissed talk of Britain diverging from EU rules during any post-Brexit transition 18 months from now; Brexit minister David Davis urged him to stop stalling talks on future trade relations if he wants London to settle its accounts.  The UK will honor commitments we have made during the period of our membership,  Davis told reporters as he met Barnier.  But it is obvious that reaching a conclusion on this issue can only be done in the context of and in accordance with a new deep and special partnership with the European Union.   We are laying down concrete proposals and there are no excuses for standing in the way of progress,  he said, echoing May s remark in Florence on Friday that other states would not lose out financially in the current EU budget cycle to 2020. Barnier said he wants to know this week what firm proposal Britain is making on settling its bills, one of the three main issues on which he is seeking  significant progress  before he will recommend that EU leaders launch talks on future relations. Barnier emphasized that a future deal and a transition to it were not foregone conclusions. And he rejected suggestions that some EU rules might no longer apply if Britain stays in the single market for a couple of years after Brexit.  Without exception,  he said, Britain would remain subject to EU budgets, judges and so on   a bitter pill for many Brexit supporters. He and Davis, meeting for the fourth round of talks in three months, both portrayed this week as an important moment; as it happens, the round is likely to wind up on Thursday just hours before May meets her fellow leaders at a summit in Estonia. The Estonian minister who chaired a preparatory meeting on Monday for that summit said during a news conference with Barnier that the 27 were entirely united and insisted on the negotiations going through Barnier. However, London hopes that progress in the talks can persuade leaders when they next meet in mid-October to give a green light to talks on future trade. Sunday s German election has raised questions on whether the weakening of Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe s power broker, may affect the EU s calculations on Brexit. But EU officials saw no indication Berlin would stray from Merkel s call for close ties with Britain but rejection of special favors to London. In a bid to unblock the divorce talks, along with her words on settling budget commitments, May also offered a concession to EU concerns that the rights of their 3 million citizens living in Britain would be protected after Brexit. Davis said those rights, set out in the UK-EU withdrawal treaty, would be fully incorporated into British law   though the EU position remains that expatriates should be entitled to appeal to the EU court. The third key issue to be settled before the EU will agree to trade talks is on handling the sensitive border on the island of Ireland. Davis and Barnier renewed pledges to find solutions, though little detail has emerged on where those may lie and both sides acknowledge that much will depend on future trade terms. ",1
19077,Japan's Abe announces snap election amid worries over North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he would dissolve parliament s lower house on Thursday for a snap election, seeking a mandate to stick to his tough stance toward a volatile North Korea and rebalance the social security system. Abe, in power for five years, had been expected to call the election for next month to take advantage of improved support  and disarray in the opposition camp.  I ll demonstrate strong leadership and stand at the forefront to face a national crisis,  Abe told reporters, mentioning Japan s fast-ageing population and North Korea.  This is my responsibility as leader and my mission as prime minister.  Natsuo Yamaguchi, the head of Abe s junior coalition partner the Komeito party, said he understood the election would be on Oct. 22.     Abe said he would redirect some revenue from a planned sales tax hike in 2019 to child care and education rather than paying back public debt, although he added he would not abandon fiscal reform. Rebalancing the spending would offset the potential negative effect on consumption from the tax rise, he said.  We will turn Japan s social security system into one that responds to all generations by boldly diverting policy resources to resolve the two major concerns - child rearing and (elderly) nursing care   that working generations confront,  he said. Abe rejected criticism that holding an election would create a political vacuum at a time of rising tension over North Korea s missile and nuclear arms program. Pyongyang has fired ballistic missiles over Japan twice in the last month and conducted its sixth and biggest nuclear test on Sept. 3  We must not give in to North Korea s threats. By gaining a mandate from the people with this election, I will forge ahead with strong diplomacy,  Abe said, adding that now was the time to put more pressure on Pyongyang, not open dialogue. Abe, whose ratings have risen to around 50 percent from around 30 percent in July, is gambling his ruling bloc can keep its lower house majority even if it loses the two-thirds  super majority  needed to achieve his long-held goal of revising the post-war pacifist constitution to clarify the military s role. He said his goal was for his coalition to retain a majority in the chamber. A weekend survey by the Nikkei business daily showed 44 percent of voters planned to vote for Abe s Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) versus 8 percent for the main opposition Democratic Party and another 8 percent for a new party launched by popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike.  The Nikkei poll was more positive for Abe s prospects than a Kyodo news agency survey that showed his LDP garnering 27.7 percent support, with 42.2 percent undecided. Abe s image as a strong leader has bolstered his ratings amid the North Korea crisis and overshadowed opposition criticism of the premier for suspected cronyism scandals that eroded his support earlier this year. Given the results seen in other major developed countries, however, some political analysts are not ruling out the unexpected.  Abe s big gamble could yield a big surprise,  veteran independent political analyst Minoru Morita said. The prime minister had been expected to face a grilling over the cronyism scandals during a session of parliament from Thursday and opposition party officials saw the move as a ploy to avoid difficult questions. Abe on Monday asked his cabinet to compile a 2 trillion yen  ($18 billion) economic package by year-end to focus on child care, education and encouraging corporate investment. He told public broadcaster NHK that diverting sales tax revenue would make it  impossible  to meet the government s target of balancing Japan s budget - excluding debt servicing costs and bond sales - by the year beginning April 2020.   But we are absolutely not lowering the flag of fiscal consolidation,  he said. He said he believed it was necessary to revise the constitution s pacifist article 9 to clarify the military s status but said the wording of a proposed change was up to his party.  The main opposition Democratic Party is struggling with single-digit ratings and much depends on whether it can cooperate with liberal opposition groups. On Monday, just hours before Abe s election announcement, Tokyo Governor Koike said she would lead a new conservative, reform-minded  Party of Hope  to offer voters an alternative to the LDP.   Our ideal is to proceed free of special interests,  Koike, a former LDP member, told a news conference. An LDP internal survey showed seats held by the LDP and its coalition partner Komeito could fall to 280 from the 323 they now hold, the Nikkei reported on Saturday. Reforms adopted last year will cut the number of lower house seats to 465 from 475. ",1
19078,Tokyo Governor Koike to challenge Japanese PM Abe with new party,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike on Monday said she will lead a new national party that will challenge Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) in a general election expected to be called for next month. Koike, who named her new political group the Party of Hope, has emerged as a serious threat to Abe after she won the Tokyo governorship a year ago and in July fielded candidates who routed the LDP in elections for the metropolitan assembly.   I want the Japanese people to believe that there is hope for tomorrow,  she said at a televised press conference.  Our ideal is to proceed free of special interests,  she added. Koike is an ex-defense minister and former LDP member, and the challenge to her old party could pose a greater risk for Abe, who is expected to call a snap election for next month. Abe is benefiting from improved ratings and opposition disarray, but should he suffer a big loss of seats it could spur a challenge to his leadership from within the LDP.  A weekend survey by the Nikkei business daily showed 44 percent of voters will back Abe s LDP with only 8 percent supporting the main opposition Democratic Party. ",1
19079,Japanese PM Abe says election won't distract him from tackling North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Monday said his decision to call a snap election would not distract his government from responding to North Korean threats, pledging to increase pressure if Pyongyang failed to halt its missile and nuclear weapons development.  North Korea has launched two ballistic missiles and tested what was likely a hydrogen bomb in the past several weeks raising tension in East Asia.  Abe spoke at a press conference to announce his plan to dissolve parliament on Thursday and call a snap election. ",1
19080,Kurdistan supervisors begin counting votes in independence referendum,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Voting stations set up on Monday for the referendum on Kurdish independence from Iraq closed their doors at 7:00 p.m (1600 GMT) and vote counting has started, the supervising body said. Voting began at 8:00 a.m, and the final results are expected to be announced within 72 hours.  Seventy-eight percent of the 5.2 million eligible voters turned out to vote, Erbil-based Rudaw TV said, citing the Independent High Elections and Referendum Commission. Voters were asked to tick either Yes or No on the ballot asking them just one question in Kurdish, Turkish, Arabic and Assyrian:  Do you want the Kurdistan Region and Kurdistani areas outside the (Kurdistan) Region to become an independent country?  ",1
19081,U.S.-backed alliance says Russian jets struck its fighters in east Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed Syrian militias said Russian warplanes struck their positions in Deir al-Zor province on Monday, which Moscow denied, generating friction between two rival campaigns against Islamic State. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with a U.S.-led coalition said the attack killed one of its fighters and injured two.  Major-General Igor Konashenkov of Russia s defense ministry was cited by RIA news agency as issuing a denial, saying Russia was always careful to ensure its air strikes were accurate.  A spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, Colonel Ryan Dillon, said rounds had hit in the area around the SDF but he could not confirm they were fired by Russia.  A war monitor, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said Russian rounds had not hit the SDF near Deir al-Zor. The SDF later said it had responded to the source of fire that targeted it from near the city of Deir al-Zor on Monday morning without specifying which forces it had attacked.  Russia and the United States back separate offensives against Islamic State in eastern Syria, both of which are advancing in oil-rich Deir al-Zor province bordering Iraq. The assaults are converging on Islamic State from opposite sides of the Euphrates that bisects the province, the jihadists  last major foothold in Syria, with the river often acting as a dividing line.  But their proximity has at times raised the risk of clashes that could stoke tensions between the competing world powers.  With Russian air support and Iran-backed militias, Syrian troops are advancing along the west bank of the river. A Kurdish commander of the SDF, which has approached along the east bank with U.S. jets and special forces, told Reuters on Monday the alliance expected to completely push Islamic State out of its former Syrian headquarters of Raqqa within a month. With the Kurdish YPG militia at its forefront, the SDF said last week that, after seizing 80 percent of Raqqa, the battle for the city had entered its final stages.  In the coming days, the battles will be at their most intense...,  said Jihan Sheikh Ahmed, spokeswoman for the offensive.  We expect, under our plan, that we will be able to liberate Raqqa in less than a month.   RIGHT TO SELF-DEFENCE  The SDF also captured a large gas field on the Euphrates  bank on Saturday.  Russian and regime forces have mounted a treacherous attack against our forces (there) ...with artillery and aircraft,  the SDF said in a statement.  We will not stand by with our arms crossed and we will use our legitimate right to self-defense.  On Monday, Russia s Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said U.S. policy in Syria was to blame for the death from shelling of Russian general Valery Asapov near Deir al-Zor, which the defense ministry in Moscow announced on Sunday.  Ryabkov called into question U.S. commitment to the fight against Islamic State, accusing it of trying to slow the Syrian army s advance. Last week, the Pentagon accused Moscow of bombing SDF positions on the eastern side of the river. Russia denied this, warning the United States it would target the SDF if its own forces came under fire. Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, said it was communicating with Russia to ensure measures to avoid unintended conflict between the offensives were being followed.  ",1
19082,Syrian militias aim to push Islamic State out of Raqqa within a month,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias expect to push all Islamic State fighters out of their former Syrian headquarters of Raqqa in less than a month, a Kurdish commander told Reuters on Monday.  Under the banner of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), the militias have hemmed the jihadists into a few districts in the north of the city. The Kurdish and Arab militias pushed into the city in June after fighting for months to encircle it with the help of U.S.-led jets and special forces.  As the noose tightens, the reaction of Daesh gets fiercer,  said Jihan Sheikh Ahmed, spokeswoman for the Raqqa offensive, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  In the coming days, the battles will be at their most intense...   We expect, under our plan, that we will be able to liberate Raqqa in less than a month.  Islamic State has lost much of its territory in Syria this year under separate offensives by the SDF and the Russia-backed Syrian military. Its fighters have fallen back to its last major footholds, the cities and towns in the fertile strip along the Euphrates river downstream of Raqqa. The SDF said last week that, after seizing 80 percent of Raqqa, the battle for the city had entered its final stages.  With the Kurdish YPG militia at its forefront, the SDF has closed in from three directions. Islamic State militants put up tough resistance, planting scores of mines around their districts, Ahmed said.  SDF forces sought to  meet up from several axes  to squeeze the Islamic State enclave, said a field commander in the northeast of Raqqa. Shefkar Hemo said his fighters had faced fewer mortar shells and car bombs recently, with the jihadists relying more heavily on snipers.   The breach of enemy lines is clear on the ground... Daesh are hiding behind civilians,  he said.  Another field commander in the city said the latest phase of the battle had proved difficult. SDF officials estimate that 700-1,000 Islamic State fighters are holed up in a pocket in the city. Ahmed said she did not expect them to surrender and the SDF would never allow them passage out.  Thousands of civilians remain trapped there too, and Ahmed accused Islamic State snipers of targeting them.    Daesh is also entrenched in the National Hospital, which they consider a main position,  she said.  Our forces besieged the hospital,  but were being cautious to avoid damaging it, she said. Earlier this month, Physicians for Human Rights said that poorly-equipped hospital was the last medical facility operating in the city.  The New York-based group said intense bombing by the U.S.-led coalition had hit civilian facilities. The coalition says it is careful to avoid civilian casualties during bombing runs in Syria and neighboring Iraq.  The  caliphate  that Islamic State declared in 2014, spanning both countries, lost its de-facto Iraqi capital of Mosul in July when Iraqi forces took the city.  ",1
19083,Myanmar finds more bodies in mass grave; U.N. seeks rapid aid increase,"YANGON/DHAKA (Reuters) - Myanmar s army unearthed the bodies of 17 Hindu villagers on Monday, taking to 45 the number authorities suspect were killed by Muslim insurgents last month at the onset of a wave of violence that has sent 436,000 refugees fleeing to Bangladesh. The bodies have been found since Sunday buried outside a village in Rakhine State in western Myanmar, where bloodshed erupted on Aug. 25 when Rohingya Muslim insurgents launched coordinated attacks on about 30 police posts and an army camp. The United Nations has described a sweeping military response to those attacks as  ethnic cleansing  aimed at driving Rohingya out of Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Myanmar rejects that, saying it is fighting terrorists.   There is no ethnic cleansing. There is no genocide,  Myanmar s U.N. Ambassador Hau Do Suan told the U.N. General Assembly in New York on Monday.  The leaders of Myanmar who have long been striving for freedom and human rights would not espouse such policies.   We will do everything to prevent ethnic cleansing and genocide,  the diplomat said.  It is the responsibility of every government to fight against terrorism and protect innocent civilians. We condemn all human rights violations and violent acts.  Myanmar said before the mass graves were found that more than 400 people had been killed, most of them insurgents. Members of Myanmar s small Hindu minority appear to have been caught in the middle. Some have fled to Bangladesh, complaining of violence against them by soldiers or Buddhist vigilantes. Others have complained of being attacked by the insurgents on suspicion of being government spies. A search was launched on the weekend after a refugee in Bangladesh contacted a Hindu community leader in Myanmar to say insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) marched about 100 people out of their village on Aug. 25 and killed them, the government said. Twenty-eight bodies were found on Sunday.  This afternoon, a suspicious place was found about 400 meters northeast of the mass grave where the remains of Hindus were found yesterday,  the army said in a statement.  Seventeen bodies of men were retrieved.  The government has not speculated as to why the Hindus were killed. The army said the security forces and Hindu community leaders would continue the search. Access to the area by journalists as well as human rights workers and aid workers is largely restricted. An ARSA spokesman denied his group had killed the Hindus, saying Buddhist nationalists were trying to divide Hindus and Muslims.  ARSA has internationally pledged not to target civilians and that remains unchanged, no matter what,  the spokesman, who is based in a neighboring country and identified himself only as Abdullah, told Reuters through a messaging service. The violence in Rakhine State and the refugee exodus is the biggest crisis the government of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of military rule.     Myanmar regards the Rohingya Muslims as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and communal violence has flared periodically for decades. Most Rohingya are stateless. In Bangladesh, the head of the U.N. refugee agency said the Rohingya seeking shelter from  unimaginable horrors  faced enormous hardship and risked a dramatic deterioration in circumstances unless aid was stepped up.  They (have) seen villages burned down, families shot or hacked to death, women and girls brutalized,  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told a news conference in Dhaka after visiting camps near the border on the weekend.  Solutions to this crisis lie with Myanmar , he said, though for now, the world had to help and aid should be  rapidly stepped up . A Reuters reporter in Bangladesh said refugees were still arriving, with about 50 seen on Monday. The crisis has also threatened to drive a wedge into the Association of South East Asian Nations, with Muslim-majority Malaysia disavowing a statement on the Myanmar situation from the bloc s chairman, the Philippines, on the grounds it misrepresented  the reality  and did not identify the Rohingya as one of the affected communities. Myanmar, which is a member of the regional grouping, objects to the term Rohingya, saying the Muslims of Rakhine State are not a distinct ethnic group. This month, Malaysia summoned Myanmar s ambassador to express its grave concern over  atrocities  there. ",1
19084,Polish president backs down in judicial reform spat,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s president unexpectedly dropped his demands for a greater say in nominating judges on Monday, in an effort to secure broader political support for an overhaul of the judiciary that the European Union fears will harm democracy. Andrzej Duda, an ally of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party, conceded that it should ultimately be for parliament to pick Poland s top judges, hours after saying he would seek a constitutional amendment to give himself the final say on such appointments. In July, Duda unexpectedly vetoed the ruling party s own reform proposals following nationwide protests and warnings from Poland s Western allies about politicization of the courts. Earlier on Monday, he made counter-proposals which still envisaged greater political control over the courts but to be exercised by the president as well as by parliament. However, lawmakers from both PiS and opposition parties criticized his plans. After meeting the heads of parliamentary factions, Duda said it was clear he would be unable to win the required parliamentary majority to change the constitution.  The point is not about me, as the president, to have the power to choose, the point is about the choice being a cross-party one,  Duda said after the meeting.  The eurosceptic PiS says reform of the judicial system is needed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist-era mentality. But critics of the government plans said its proposed rules were part of a drive toward authoritarianism. The EU is already at loggerheads with the PiS government over a range of issues and a meeting of the bloc s foreign ministers on Monday was expected to gauge the appetite for taking punitive action against Warsaw. After Duda s U-turn, parliament will still need a three-fifths majority to appoint new top judges - but if lawmakers cannot agree, a special voting mechanism in parliament will decide the issue rather than the president. PiS currently has a parliamentary majority, but not three-fifths. Duda also said the retirement age for Supreme Court judges should be set at 65 and that the president should decide whether they can work longer. Under the vetoed reforms, all current Supreme Court judges would have stepped down immediately unless they had the approval of the justice minister, who is also prosecutor general. Since coming to power, PiS has not only increased government influence over the courts but has also brought prosecutors and state media under direct government control and introduced some restrictions on public gatherings. PiS denies retreating on democracy and argues that it has a broad mandate to implement reforms. It says its plans aim to improve a poorly functioning state, bolster Poland s standing in the global arena, preserve its conservative values and correct mistakes by previous governments that it argues were too dependent on foreign influence.     In proposing his own judiciary reforms, Duda had to weigh their potential impact on his re-election prospects in 2020. Though he remains Poland s most popular politician, with approval ratings of more than 70 percent, Duda may need PiS support to win enough votes. Jaroslaw Flis, a sociologist at Jagiellonian University in Krakow, said the rift between Duda and the government was  an internal power struggle  among Poland s conservatives.  Duda knows his legislative proposals need PiS support, but PiS also needs him. They cannot push anything through without the president,  Flis said. ",1
19085,Merkel hangs on to power but bleeds support to surging far right,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office on Sunday but Europe s most powerful leader will have to govern with a far less stable coalition in a fractured parliament after her conservatives haemorrhaged support to a surging far right. Two years after Merkel left German borders open to more than 1 million migrants, the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) stunned the establishment by becoming the first far-right party to enter parliament in more than half a century. The AfD won 13.0 percent of the vote - more than expected and one of many shocks on a night of drama that saw Merkel s conservatives get their worst result since 1949, and her main Social Democrat (SPD) rivals their worst since 1933. Describing the far right s success as a test for Germans, Merkel insisted she had a mandate to govern - a formidable challenge as she has little choice but to cobble together a three-way coalition with a pro-business group and the Greens.  Of course we had hoped for a slightly better result,  a humbled Merkel said after her conservative bloc slumped to 32.9 percent of the vote - down from 41.5 percent at the last election in 2013.  But she added:  We are the strongest party, we have the mandate to build the next government - and there cannot be a coalition government built against us.  The euro EUR=E4 slipped around 0.4 percent in early Asian trading as it became clear the results would make forming a coalition tricky for Merkel.  Coalition building could take months as Merkel s only straightforward path to a majority in parliament would be a three-way tie-up with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens - an arrangement untested at national level. The Social Democrats, who have served with Merkel s conservatives as junior partners in a  grand coalition  for the past four years, won just 20.6 percent of the vote, as nearly half of voters repudiated the two parties that have dominated Germany since World War Two. SPD leader Martin Schulz said the party would refuse to rejoin a coalition and instead take up its position as the main opposition. The Social Democrats appear to have been hurt badly by being in government, making it difficult to distinguish themselves from Merkel s conservatives. After shock election results last year, from Britain s vote to leave the EU to the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, leaders of Europe s establishment have looked to Merkel to rally the liberal Western order. A pastor s daughter who grew up in Communist East Germany, she has acted as an anchor of stability in Europe and beyond. Now, she faces an unstable situation at home as she must form a coalition, an arduous process that could take months. Sunday s election, fought against the tense backdrop of surging support for far left and far right parties across Europe, delivered a fractured German parliament with six party groups, up from four previously. Josef Joffe, publisher-editor of Germany weekly Die Zeit, said the vote marked a  tectonic shift in German politics  and that the three-way coalition Merkel looks likely to try to forge will be  highly unstable . Leading AfD candidate Alexander Gauland vowed his party would  hunt  the new government, whatever its make-up, adding:  We ll get our country and our people back.  In France, far-right leader Marine Le Pen congratulated the AfD, tweeting:  Bravo to our AfD allies for this historic showing!  A large group of protesters gathered outside the AfD s post-election party and police said they made several arrests. The European Jewish Congress expressed alarm at the AfD s success, adding:  We trust that centrist parties in the Bundestag will ensure that the AfD has no representation in the coming governing coalition.  The AfD says immigration threatens German culture, but denies that it is racist:  We will neither tolerate xenophobia nor racist positions. But we simply don t have them either,  AfD co-leader Joerg Meuthen said. The result makes kingmakers of both the FDP and the Greens, both of which have played the role in the recent past but neither of which now has enough support on its own to give Merkel a majority. FDP leader Christian Lindner, an ambitious 38-year-old who preaches an ultra-hard line on Europe and has unsettled the German political establishment, said he was open to coalition talks with Merkel but that Germany needed a change of course. The Greens  Katrin Goering-Eckardt said:  We will see if there can be cooperation.  A three-way tie-up of Merkel s conservatives, the FDP and the Greens - known as a  Jamaica  coalition because the black, yellow and green colours of the three parties match the Jamaican flag - is widely seen as inherently unstable.  The Greens - keen on regulation - and the business-friendly FDP are at opposite ends of the political spectrum and a clash of policy visions would be likely on tax, energy, the European Union and migrants. Despite losing support, Merkel, Europe s longest serving leader, will join the late Helmut Kohl, her mentor who reunified Germany, and Konrad Adenauer, who led Germany s rebirth after World War Two, as the only post-war chancellors to win four national elections. ",1
19086,Jews around world alarmed by far-right breakthrough in Germany,"BRUSSELS/BERLIN (Reuters) - Jewish groups in Europe and the United States expressed alarm at the success of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in Sunday s parliamentary election and urged other parties not to form alliances with it. But a leading member of the AfD, which won 12.6 percent of the vote in the federal election to become the third largest party in Germany s lower house of parliament, said Jews had nothing to fear from his party s success. The far-right has not been represented in parliament since the 1950s, a reflection of Germany s efforts to distance itself from the horrors of the Nazi Holocaust. Ronald Lauder, president of the New York-based World Jewish Congress, called Chancellor Angela Merkel a  true friend of Israel and the Jewish people  and decried the AfD s gains at a time when anti-Semitism was increasing across the globe.  It is abhorrent that the AfD party, a disgraceful reactionary movement which recalls the worst of Germany s past and should be outlawed, now has the ability within the German parliament to promote its vile platform,  Lauder said. Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked also expressed concern about the AfD s success:  I hope that the German people learn carefully the history of Germany and remember the Holocaust and all the ...reasons that led to this tragedy.  The AfD, which has surged in the two years since Merkel opened Germany s borders to more than 1 million migrants mainly fleeing Middle East wars, says immigration jeopardizes Germany s culture but denies it is racist or anti-Semitic.  There s nothing in our party or in our program that could or should in any way concern Jewish people who live here in Germany,  Alexander Gauland, the AfD s top candidate, told reporters on Monday.  Gauland also cited Germany s strong diplomatic support for Israel, suggesting that it should also be ready to send troops if necessary to help defend the country as it faces off against the Palestinians and hostile neighboring states. Volker Beck, a member of the Greens, said Gauland s comments suggested that he was questioning Germany s support for Israel -  a fundamental principle of its post-war foreign policy.  The message to his anti-Semitic fans is clear: There s no need for the NPD because the AfD is your political home,  Beck said, in a reference to the far-right National Democratic Party (NPD), which Germany s Constitutional Court has said resembled Adolf Hitler s Nazi party. Gauland provoked outrage during the election campaign when he said Germans should be proud of what their soldiers achieved in two world wars. The European Jewish Congress urged other German political parties to stick to pre-election vows and not to consider any coalition talks with the AfD.  Some of the positions it has espoused during the election campaign display alarming levels of intolerance not seen in Germany for many decades and which are, of course, of great concerns to German and European Jews.  The Central Council of Jews in Germany said the election results had confirmed its worst fears and urged other parties to remain united in opposing the AfD.  A party that tolerates right-wing extremist thinking in its ranks and incites hatred against minorities ...will now be represented in parliament and nearly all state legislatures,  the group s president Josef Schuster said in a statement.  I expect our democratic forces to expose the true nature of the AfD and its empty, populist promises,  he added. Germany, home today to an estimated 200,000 Jews, has built a reputation in recent decades as a tolerant, safe place for Jews to live, though data show anti-Semitic crimes reported to the police rose 4 percent to 681 in the first eight months of 2017 from the same period last year. ",1
19087,Merkel tries to build coalition after vote that puts far right in parliament,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Angela Merkel began the tough task of trying to build a government on Monday after securing a fourth term as chancellor, urging the center-left Social Democrats not the shut the door on a re-run of their  grand coalition . Damaged by her decision two years ago to allow more than one million migrants into Germany, Merkel s conservative bloc secured 33 percent of the vote, losing 8.5 points   its lowest level since 1949. Her coalition partners, the center-left Social Democrats, also slumped and said they would go into opposition.   Voters flocked to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD), the first far-right party to enter the German parliament in more than half a century. However, the AfD hardly had time to savor its third-place showing before it fell into internal bickering.   Many Germans see the rise of the AfD as a similar rejection of the status quo as votes for Brexit and Donald Trump last year. But Germany s political center held up better than in Britain and the United States as more voters have benefited from globalization and most shun the country s extremist past. Merkel s party remained the biggest parliamentary bloc and Europe s most powerful leader sought to keep her coalition options open on Monday, saying she would start talks with the  Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens as well as the SPD. SPD leader Martin Schulz said earlier his party had no choice but to go into opposition  to defend democracy against those who question it and attack it,  after dropping to a post-war low of 20.5 percent.  I heard the SPD s words, nevertheless we should remain in contact,  Merkel told a news conference.  I think all parties  have a responsibility to ensure that there will be a stable government.  Merkel made clear she still intended to serve a full four years as chancellor. But her next coalition could be her toughest yet with her only remaining potential partners, the business-friendly FDP and the pro-regulation Greens, at odds on issues from migrants to tax, the environment and Europe. The FDP s leader Christian Lindner set the stage for tricky talks, saying his party would not agree to a coalition with the conservatives and the Greens, dubbed  Jamaica  because the parties  colors mirror the country s flag, at any price. He said changes were needed in Germany s energy policy and its stance on euro zone fiscal policy. But he struck a more conciliatory tone on Europe, saying Germany had an interest in a strong France. [B4N1JX00B]  The Greens set out climate change, Europe and social justice as their priorities in any coalition talks. The emergence of the Greens as powerbrokers in any coalition weighed on markets. Shares in carmaker BMW (BMWG.DE) were down 0.2 percent, while those in automotive supplier Continental (CONG.DE) dropped 0.4 percent. RWE (RWEG.DE)   which operates 15.25 gigawatts (GW) of coal-fired plants in Germany, 38 percent of its total European capacity   fell 4.6 percent to a six-week low. The party campaigned to ban the sale of new combustion-engine cars from 2030 and are calling for a quick phase-out of coal power plants. Many Germans were alarmed by the rise of AfD who the foreign minister likened to Nazis. Protesters threw stones and bottles at police outside its campaign party in Berlin on Sunday. But just a day after the election, the AfD showed signs of fracturing as co-leader Frauke Petry, one of its most prominent faces, said she would not sit in parliament with AfD members. It was not immediately clear why she was making such a move. The election also exposed rifts in Merkel s conservatives, with her allies the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU), who face a regional election next year, demanding a shift to the right to win back voters lost to the AfD.  They will try their best to recover lost ground on the right side of the political spectrum. Going into a coalition in Berlin with the Greens and the FDP will make this more difficult,  said Janis Emmanouilidis from the European Policy Centre. Investors were unsettled by the prospect of a weaker Merkel at the head of a potentially unstable  Jamaica  coalition and also worried that months of coalition talks could distract from talks with Britain over its divorce from the European Union. The euro EUR=D4 and European stocks slipped, while concerns about the emergence of a more hardline stance toward the euro zone in the bloc's largest economy weighed on Southern European government bonds.   The weak result could make Angela Merkel a lame duck much faster than international observers and financial markets think,  ING economist Carsten Brzeski said. Klaus Wohlrabe, economist at the Munich-based Ifo economic institute, said new elections could not be excluded and the result could stoke uncertainty as German business confidence deteriorated unexpectedly in the weeks before the election. German business also expressed concern. Matthias Mueller, chief executive of Volkswagen, said he was  shocked  by the AfD s double-digit showing and said the success of Europe s largest economy hinged on its tolerance and openness to the world.  For Germany s biggest industrial company I say: In the globalized economy, national egoism and protectionism lead to a dead - and in the end a loss of jobs.  ",1
19088,"Scenting power, potential Merkel coalition partners edge closer on Europe","BERLIN (Reuters) - Nominally, they are at odds on Europe. But Germany s Greens and liberal Free Democrats (FDP) gave remarkably similar messages on European reform on Monday as they began exploring a coalition alliance with Chancellor Angela Merkel s humbled conservatives. After her conservative bloc hemorrhaged support to the far-right in Sunday s election, Merkel has little choice but to try to work out a three-way coalition with the Greens and FDP - an tie-up untested at national level and widely seen as risky. If their party programs are taken at face value, the Greens want to press ahead with deeper European integration and the FDP wants to hold it back - a conflict that could frustrate coalition talks with Merkel, who wants a  stronger Europe . But at back-to-back news conferences on Monday, the FDP and Greens both made conciliatory noises toward French President Emmanuel Macron, who ran for the French presidency on a pledge to  relaunch  the European Union in tandem with Germany. Macron is due to set out his proposals for EU reform and strengthening monetary union on Tuesday.  We have a great interest in the success of the French republic and in its strength,  FDP leader Christian Lindner told a news conference.   Germany will not become stronger if France becomes weaker, but Europe will profit as a whole if all its members return to a path of economic success. That is why we wish Mr. Macron all the best.  Less than an hour later, Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir delivered almost exactly the same message.  It is clear that we have a vital interest in France being successful,  he said. The headline comments glossed over deeper differences between the two parties on Europe, but indicated a  glass half full  attitude suggesting both want to find common ground on Europe that will help them forge a ruling coalition with Merkel. Both the FDP and Greens played down the prospect of such a three-way bloc during the election campaign, but as they have been out of government for four and 12 years respectively, they may be lured into an alliance by the prospect of power. Pledging to form a stable government, Merkel herself said she would not set out red lines on Europe policy for now - an open-minded approach that gives the three parliamentary groups wiggle room to work out a compromise.  My view is that we can use more Europe but this has to lead to more competitiveness, more jobs and more clout for the European Union,  she said in a message that could appeal to the pro-business FDP and the Greens, who are keener on regulation.  Merkel also urged the center-left Social Democrats not to shut the door on a re-run of their  grand coalition . The Greens and Free Democrats are from opposition ends of the political spectrum and must navigate differences on tax policy and immigration, as well as Europe, before they team up.  In their party program the Greens say they reject a division of Europe. The FDP, by contrast, favors a  multi-speed Europe  - differentiating a northern core of fiscally disciplined, wealthy member states from the rest.  The FDP wants euro zone countries to be able to leave the bloc rather than stay under an  interminable rescue policy , and favors winding down the lending capacity of the euro zone s ESM rescue fund - unlike Merkel s finance minister, who has proposed developing it into a European monetary fund. Lindner, who said during the election campaign that Greece should leave the euro, said on Monday his party could not agree to a common euro zone budget that would help redress economic imbalances within the bloc. That position seems to be at odds with the vision presented by Macron, who wants to overhaul the euro zone and introduce a budget and finance minister for the single-currency region. The euro EUR= snapped a two-day rising streak on Monday after a surge in support for the far right in the election prompted investors to lock in gains in one of the most profitable currency trades of the year. But investors remained sanguine about the prospects for European reform under a three-way coalition of conservatives, FDP and Greens - known as a  Jamaica  alliance after their respective party colors: black, yellow and green.  Where the FDP might push back on the next potential government s European policies, expect the Greens to pull forward, enabling Chancellor Merkel s middle-ground to prevail,  said Andrew Bosomworth, a senior portfolio manager at Pimco, one of the world s largest bond funds. ",1
19089,Netanyahu muzzles Israeli officials on Kurdish referendum,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu barred Israeli government comment on Monday s Kurdish independence referendum in Iraq, two officials said, after his Sept. 13 endorsement of Kurdish statehood irked Turkey.  The plebiscite was held despite objections from the United States and Turkey, a regional power whose ties with Israel have long been troubled. The autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) has also voiced misgivings about overt Israeli backing. Asked to comment on the referendum, one Israeli cabinet minister declined, telling Reuters on condition of anonymity:  Bibi (Netanyahu) asked us not to.  A second Israeli official confirmed the order, saying the subject was  too sensitive .  Netanyahu s office did not respond to a request for comment. Israel has maintained discreet military, intelligence and business ties with Kurds since the 1960s, viewing the minority ethnic group - whose indigenous population is split among Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran - as a buffer against shared adversaries. Israel also has a sizeable Kurdish Jewish immigrant community. Israel has backed Kurdish independence in the past - most recently in the Sept. 13 statement by Netanyahu. Centrist Israeli lawmaker Yair Lapid, a former minister in  Netanyahu s conservative coalition, tweeted on Monday:  The Jewish people know what it is to struggle for a homeland. The Kurds have a moral right to a state of their own. I wish them luck today.  But Kurdish officials said such rhetoric is unsolicited and damaging.  Our adversaries attack us as a  second Israel in the region  and this kind of Israeli talk contributes to that,  one Kurdish official told Reuters. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday Netanyahu s position on the Kurds affected Ankara s relations with Israel.  Speaking in Istanbul, Erdogan said that while visiting New York for the U.N. General Assembly he met U.S. Jewish leaders who had quoted Netanyahu as describing Israeli-Turkish ties as  not going well .  How could that be? There is no one recognizing the KRG (referendum decision) except him. We are in a different position,  Erdogan said. ",1
19090,Moscow blames 'two-faced U.S. policy' for Russian general's Syria death: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Monday that the  two-faced policy  of the United States was to blame for the death of Russian Lieutenant-General Valery Asapov in Syria, the RIA news agency quoted him as saying. The Russian Defence Ministry said on Sunday that Asapov had been killed by Islamic State shelling near Deir al-Zor.  Moscow has complained about what it has suggested are suspiciously friendly ties between U.S.-backed militias, U.S. special forces, and Islamic State in the area, accusing Washington of trying to slow the advance of the Syrian army.    The death of the Russian commander is the price, the bloody price, for two-faced American policy in Syria,  Ryabkov told reporters, according to RIA. Ryabkov questioned Washington s intention to fight Islamic State in Syria.  The American side declares that it is interested in the elimination of IS ... but some of its actions show it is doing the opposite and that some political and geopolitical goals are more important for Washington,  Ryabkov was quoted as saying. Earlier on Monday, American-backed Syrian militias said that Russian warplanes had struck their positions in Deir al-Zor province near a natural gas field they seized from Islamic State last week. Russia denied that. Ryabkov also said that Russia wanted to strengthen the International Atomic Energy Agency and had not violated the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty, rejecting allegations made against it by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson earlier this month. ",1
19091,Pentagon: Will provide Trump options if North Korea provocations continue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday that it would provide U.S. President Donald Trump with options to deal with North Korea if its provocations continue, after North Korea s foreign minister said his country reserved the right to shoot down U.S. bombers even if they are not in its air space.  If North Korea does not stop their provocative actions, you know, we will make sure that we provide options to the President to deal with North Korea,  Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters. ",1
19092,German conservative suggests job move for veteran finance min Schaeuble,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior German conservative said on Monday that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble would make an  ideal  president of  parliament, raising the possibility of a change of roles for a man long associated with unflinching austerity in the euro zone. Schaeuble has controlled Germany s powerful finance ministry since 2009 but the outcome of Sunday s federal elections has raised doubts over whether he can hold onto the job. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives remain the largest bloc in the lower house Bundestag and are expected to seek a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens. The FDP has signaled it would like the finance ministry.  If Chancellor Angela Merkel and Schaeuble agree, he would make an ideal candidate for the post of Bundestag president,  Guenther Oettinger, the European Union s budget commissioner, told the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper. Schaeuble, who has refused to discuss his future after the election, is a hate figure in Greece and other parts of southern Europe for his insistence on tax hikes and spending cuts at a time of deep economic recession in return for euro zone bailout loans.  But Schaeuble, 75, is widely respected in Germany as a responsible steward of the nation s finances and has enjoyed Merkel s strong support during the euro zone debt crisis that almost tore the single currency bloc apart. The current president of the Bundestag, Norbert Lammert of Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU), is not up for reelection. Under separation of power rules the Bundestag president cannot simultaneously hold a ministerial post.   ",1
19093,Lithuania's Social Democrat MPs disobey party to stay in government,"VILNIUS (Reuters) - The Lithuanian government got some much-needed support on Monday when members of parliament from a junior coalition partner surprisingly disavowed their own party s decision to withdraw from the coalition. The Social Democratic hierarchy voted on Saturday to leave the government coalition with the Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Party. Their coalition has held a slim majority in Lithuania s parliament since last year s election. However, the 19-member Social Democratic block in parliament decided to remain in the government after a vote on Monday, disobeying the party s recently elected chairman, Gintautas Paluckas.   A majority of the members of parliament think that decision to withdraw from the coalition was rushed and was based on emotions, not on arguments,  the party said in a press release. The rank and file of the Social Democrats overwhelmingly supported leaving the government in a recent poll, and the party council on Saturday voted by a large margin to quit. Members of parliament and are not legally obliged to follow party orders. However, Paluckas told reporters the disobedient members of parliament could be thrown out of the party after upcoming reviews, the news agency BNS reported. ",1
19094,Austria's far right gives two cheers for German sister party's success,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO), seeking to soften its image before Austrians go to the polls next month, offered only lukewarm praise on Monday for a record election showing by its sister party in neighboring Germany. The Alternative for Germany (AfD), which says immigration threatens German culture, shocked the establishment by winning 12.6 percent in Sunday s national ballot, becoming the first far-right party to enter parliament in more than half a century. Its close Austrian equivalent, the FPO, has lost its lead in opinion polls to the conservative People s Party, led by 31-year-old Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, who has made a hard line on immigration one of his hallmarks.  But tensions between the conservatives and their coalition partners, the Social Democrats, before Austria s Oct. 15 parliamentary election mean the FPO has arguably its best chance of entering national government since its leader Heinz-Christian Strache took over the reins 12 years ago. Strache said on Monday the AfD s showing was  a huge success , but added a note of caution.   We agree (with the AfD) when it comes to analyzing the problems but not necessarily regarding the solutions. There are differences indeed,  Strache told broadcaster ORF, without elaborating.  The AfD is a very young party which is, if you like, still in its infancy.  The Freedom Party was founded in the 1950s by former Nazis, an aspect of its history the party argues is no longer relevant to its policies. It has positioned itself as staunchly anti-Islam but now courts Jewish voters, with apparently limited success. Strache has called anti-Semitism  a crime against humanity , but Austria s main Jewish group says the FPO is xenophobic and divisive. While the AfD also denies being a Nazi party, one of its leading candidates, Alexander Gauland, said this month that Germans should take pride in what their soldiers achieved during World Wars One and Two.    They (the FPO) are clearly setting themselves apart from Gauland s rhetoric,  political analyst Peter Hajek said of Strache s remarks. The AfD leadership cracked within hours of its electoral success on Monday when Frauke Petry, the highest-profile figure in its more moderate wing, stormed out of its victory news conference and abandoned its parliamentary group. ",1
19095,"Factbox: Conservative, liberal, progressive: Merkel's 'Jamaica coalition' puzzle","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Angela Merkel began the tough task of trying to build a coalition government on Monday after securing a fourth term as chancellor in an election which saw her support slide and the far right making significant gains. With the Social Democrats insisting they will go into opposition and all parties shunning the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), parliamentary arithmetic favors a  Jamaica  coalition of her conservatives (black), the pro-business Free Democrats (yellow), and the Greens - so named because their party colors reflect the Jamaican flag. Merkel s party remains the biggest parliamentary bloc and she has said she is sure a coalition can be agreed by Christmas. But patching together a coalition deal with three wildly differing parties of the right, left and center, will be no easy task, and some investors are unsettled by the prospect of a weaker Merkel at the head of a potentially unstable coalition.     The following is a list of areas in which the three parties are at odds with each other. Merkel s conservatives (CDU/CSU) and the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) agree on the primacy of fiscal discipline, but may diverge on the details. The FDP s ambition for a  working middle class  tax cut of 30 billion euros may clash with the CDU s pledge to prioritize investment, though investment in higher education is a shared priority. The conservatives and FDU may accept the Greens  ambition to shutter polluting coal-fired plants and promote green energy, but at a slower pace. However, the Greens  hostility to the terms of major trade deals will be a much more serious sticking point. The FDP s tougher line on immigration is likely to be more of a sticking point for the Greens than for the CDU. The pro-business FDP wants immigration to serve the needs of the economy but, like the other two parties, is committed to the right to asylum for war refugees. The FDP will likely be able to sign up to the CDU s plan to remove the right to remain from those who fail to integrate or break the law. Both parties, traditionally stricter on citizenship policy, are likely to resist the Greens  wish to let anyone born in Germany become a citizen. However, the liberals and the Greens may be able to make common cause on civil liberties: the FDP opposes widespread data retention for security agencies, while the Greens want a security policy that is more responsive to civil rights concerns and opposes mass surveillance. The FDP will be resistant to CDU plans to deepen the euro zone. A coalition incorporating the FDP would also ramp up the pressure on Merkel to agree to a suspension of Turkey s EU accession talks, a key policy demand of the liberals that Merkel has always resisted. The Greens, who traditionally enjoy strong support from Germans of Turkish ethnic background but are sharply critical of the government of President Tayyip Erdogan, are likely to side with Merkel in her attempts to avoid a serious rupture with Turkey. The Greens share the CDU s belief in deepening the EU, but also favor the kind of intra-EU transfers of funds and financial solidarity that raise hackles in the fiscally conservative CDU and FDP. The Greens favor maintaining a tough line against Russia over its annexation of Crimea and its support for separatists in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine. FDP officials have expressed divergent views on the issue, but several key members of the party distanced themselves from a call by FDP leader Christian Lindner to set aside the issue of Crimea. There are fissures within the conservative bloc on the issue, with Bavaria s CSU - sister party of Merkel s CDU - more concerned about maintaining economic ties with Russia and probably more open to some easing of sanctions. Ultimately much will depend on whether the foreign ministry post goes to the FDP or the Greens. Regardless of how a coalition is formed, the German government has a longstanding interest in implementing the Minsk ceasefire accord and is looking carefully at a proposal by Russian President Vladimir Putin to put U.N. peacekeepers into Ukraine, a stance facing opposition from the United States and Kiev. The Greens oppose large increases in military spending, but may find a compromise that allows small increases paired with increases in development spending. Merkel has said she intends to fulfill a promise to increase military spending to 2 percent of GDP from around 1.2 percent now, in line with a pledge to NATO, but experts and government insiders say Germany will come nowhere near the 2 percent mark over the next four years, so the new coalition government could defer conflicts about the issue. The CDU and the Greens share a belief in investing in housing: the CDU wants financial aid to boost home ownership, while the Greens want to build a million new affordable homes. But the FDP, one of whose slogans is  people can do great things if you let them , is generally opposed to state intervention in the free market. That view could also be a stumbling block when it comes to the CDU s plan to help Germany s automotive sector shift toward electric cars and to support other  strategic  sectors such as microelectronics. The FDP may also resist the Greens  goal of introducing quotas for woman managers at senior levels in the private sector. The Greens and the FDP are both strong supporters of education reform and investment in digital technologies, such as by building fiber optic networks. ",1
19096,"Game over for 'discredited' Catalan referendum, Spanish officials say","MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish authorities have done enough to discredit and prevent a planned referendum this Sunday on independence in Catalonia, two senior government officials told Reuters on Monday, though they may now let a secession  party  happen.  There may be a party on Sunday at which, on squares and in streets, some voting stalls may be installed and a mock vote may take place. But it will not be a referendum,  one of the officials said on condition of anonymity. The officials said Catalonia lacked a proper election commission, ballots boxes, ballot papers, a transparent census and election material, and other material needed to hold the vote. They also said the result of the vote or a potential unilateral declaration of independence afterwards would not be granted any international recognition or legitimacy.  Not even Venezuela or North Korea will recognize it. And if they do, I am not sure it would help the independence campaign a lot,  the official said. ",1
19097,Kirkuk declares curfew after Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - The governorate of Kirkuk declared an overnight curfew in the Iraqi oil city as tension simmered following a referendum on independence organized by the local Kurdish authorities but rejected by the central government in Baghdad. The curfew was announced in statement from the Kurdish-led governorate of the northern Iraqi city. Kurdistan Regional Government President Masoud Barzani s decision to include Kirkuk in a referendum on independence from Iraq was widely seen by the Arab and Turkmen communities as a move to consolidate Kurdish control over the multi-ethnic city.  ",1
19098,German industry see FDP revival boosting digital transition,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German industry leaders want a shift toward digital services to be a priority as the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) appear set to enter coalition talks with Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Greens. The FDP, which returned from the German political wilderness with 10.7 percent of the vote in Sunday s election, promise to cut taxes and raise investment in infrastructure, partly funded by privatizations. Investing in high-speed telecoms networks and automation would boost economic activity and global competitiveness and has long been a key demand of Germany s export-led manufacturers   although some workers fear it risks job losses.  Investments in education and digital infrastructure are urgently needed,  Werner Baumann, chief executive of drugmaker Bayer (BAYGn.DE), said in an emailed statement. Joe Kaeser, chief executive of industrial group Siemens (SIEGn.DE) agreed, but warned of marginalizing workers and pushing them into the arms of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), the first far-right party to enter the German parliament in more than half a century.  We are an industrial nation and must shape the fourth industrial revolution and design it in a socially inclusive way - so that as many people profit from its as possible,  he said. Economists see such investments as a way to combat the effects of an ageing population and to boost stalling productivity gains, factors that are casting a shadow over growth prospects in the medium term in Europe s largest economy.  Domestically, a focus on digitalisation is one opportunity to counteract these structural headwinds, and re-accelerate productivity growth,  Morgan Stanley economist Elga Bartsch wrote in a note. German business confidence deteriorated unexpectedly in the weeks before Sunday s federal election, suggesting that a consumption-led upswing could lose momentum in coming months. Thilo Brodtmann, executive director of powerful engineering lobby VDMA, said on Monday:  We need a clear signal for a digital breakthrough, for education and research, innovation-friendly tax policies and above all a priority for flexibility and good ideas.  The VDMA represents large manufacturers such as engineering group Siemens, robot maker Kuka (KU2G.DE) or machine-tool maker DMG Mori (GILG.DE) as well as a host of smaller firms banking on digitization to boost productivity. And a host of communications firms including Vodafone (VOD.L), Liberty Global (LBTYA.O) and United Internet (UTDI.DE) stand ready to take advantage of funds that may be made available to expand rural broadband, for example through the further privatization of incumbent Deutsche Telekom (DTEGn.DE).  But UBS economist Felix Huefner said he doubted that any radical stimulus measures would be taken soon, given that the German economy is expected to grow at its strongest pace in six years this year.  Even if digitalization may be a key priority for Merkel, we don t expect deep reforms... given the lack of pressure in a very benign economic environment,  he wrote in a note.    ",1
19099,Turkey turns off Kurdish Rudaw channel in wake of referendum,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey took the Kurdish television channel Rudaw off its  satellite service TurkSat, a Turkish broadcasting official told Reuters, in the country s first response to a Kurdish independence referendum that began on Monday in northern Iraq. Turkey vowed to take several steps against the Kurds if the referendum in the Kurdish Regional Government were held. Among those was cutting off the flow of oil from northern Iraq through Turkey to international markets. An official at the Turkish Higher Authority for Broadcasts said Rudaw was being removed from the satellite provider, but Rudaw wasn t aware of it.  We have only heard about the decision through the media. TurkSat has not notified us yet. So we are still on air, but the broadcast may be halted when we are notified,  a Rudaw television official told Reuters. ",1
19100,Police investigating militants search Brussels houses,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Police searched eight houses in and around Brussels on Monday and detained one suspect in investigations into people who had joined militants in Syria in 2014, prosecutors said. The prosecutors said one person had been detained for questioning and a judge would decide on Tuesday whether he would be charged. They did not give any further details on the investigations. A series of attacks in European cities has raised fears that people who fought alongside jihadists in Syria and Iraq could return to launch more assaults at home. ",1
19101,EU calls for legal commission to vet new Polish judicial reform laws,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission called on Monday for Poland to seek European legal advice on two draft judicial reform laws put forward by President Andrzej Duda, to check that they comply with European democratic standards. In July, Duda, an ally of Poland s ruling nationalist Law and Justice (PiS) party, unexpectedly vetoed its plan to overhaul the judiciary, after nationwide protests and warnings from Western allies that the changes would undermine the independence of the courts. Earlier on Monday he presented his own drafts of the two vetoed laws, proposing a greater role for himself over the nomination of judges. The European Commission said Poland should seek the opinion of the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe on the drafts. The commission provides legal advice to its members to help them bring their laws and institutions into line with European standards.  It would be extremely helpful if these two draft laws... would be given to the Venice Commission for advice,  European Commission First Vice President Frans Timmermans told a news conference.  We will make our comments on that also once we have analysed it,  he said, referring to the ongoing unprecedented process of EU monitoring of Poland s adherence to the rule of law launched at the beginning of 2016. The Venice Commission ruled last year that laws passed by the PiS government on the country s Constitutional Tribunal were incompatible with European standards, prompting the European Commission to launch its rule-of-law monitoring procedure. Timmermans said the Commission s monitoring of Poland s democratic practices had received broad support from national governments, which stressed that the rule of law was fundamental for the functioning of the European Union as a whole. He said he would be happy to receive Polish Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro and Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski in Brussels or himself go to Warsaw to continue the dialogue with Poland that other governments were so keen on. Speaking to reporters after delivering an update on the rule of law monitoring process in Poland to EU ministers, Timmermans said he had broad support to continue.  What is most important to me is that everybody around the table said: Rule of law? It is not an option, it is an obligation... it is the fundament of European cooperation... it concerns us all,  he said.  I was encouraged by the broad, broad support I felt in the Council for trying to find a solution. But there is still a lot, a lot we need to do before we can say that the problem has been solved,  Timmermans said. ",1
19102,"Brooking no dissent, Marine Le Pen takes grip on French far-right","PARIS (Reuters) - Marine Le Pen has acted to reassert her authority over France s far-right National Front with the forced departure of her deputy, but still faces a struggle to persuade the party base that she has what it takes to win an election. The exit of Florian Philippot, who quit last week over policy differences with Le Pen since her resounding defeat by Emmanuel Macron in May s presidential election, shows the 49-year-old daughter of party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen can be tough when required. But her past flip-flops over policy, and less-than-assured performance in a TV debate against Macron before the presidential run-off, have raised doubts about whether she can take the National Front from being a major factor in French politics to a party that can hold power.  Le Pen s image has seriously deteriorated,  said Frederic Dabi of polling group Ifop, who carried out a survey on Sept 7-8 that shows only 27 percent of voters think she has the stature of a president, down seven percentage points since March.  Her problem in terms of image is not authority, she is seen as being very firm, but it is competence, stature,  he said.  Can she be seen as an alternative to Emmanuel Macron? It s not looking that way.  Le Pen took a lower-than-expected 33.9 percent of votes in the presidential run-off, while her party won only 8.75 percent in the second round of parliamentary elections that followed. However, support for the European far-right may not have peaked despite setbacks in the Netherlands and Austria too. At the weekend, the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany scored 12.6 percent in federal elections, becoming the first far-right party to enter the Bundestag in more than half a century   an outcome Le Pen praised.[nL8N1M6092] [nL5N1M50PJ] A lawyer by training, Le Pen took over the party in 2011 and quickly managed to build a broader following. She succeeded in detoxifying its image, distancing it from the anti-Semitic labels it attracted under her father, and adopting pro-welfare economic policies that appealed to a wider range of voters. Out went her father, the one-eyed former paratrooper who reveled in provocative comments, expelled from the party in 2015. In came the daughter s softer image, with talk of lowering the retirement age and protecting workers. She went on TV to talk about her love of gardening. A lot of that image adjustment was down to Philippot, a graduate of France s elite ENA administrative school who joined the party in 2011 and quickly rose to the top, an architect of Le Pen s 2012 and 2017 campaigns. But having broken with her father and now with Philippot, Le Pen must now show that she can get the policy mix right before another possible presidential bid in 2022.  The dispute with Philippot came to a head over the party s anti-euro stance. For her supporters, Le Pen s willingness to sacrifice her closest aide when he refused to do what he was told underscores her leadership credentials.  It shows that she gives priority to what s good for the party above personal considerations,  Gaetan Dussausaye, the  head of the party s youth group, told Reuters.   She knows what she wants, she s got strong beliefs and she ll do whatever is necessary to defend them,  said Dussausaye, who is a member of the National Front s top political committee.  But others worry about her flashes of aggression and lack of preparedness in the presidential debate, followed by the elections underperformance. They believe this means she has work to do to persuade the grassroots   and beyond them, a big enough number of voters   that she s a winner. A survey by Odoxa pollsters, carried out on Sept 6-7, showed that the biggest danger for Le Pen may come from within   from inside the family as much as the party.  This showed Marion Marechal-Le Pen, Marine s niece, who temporarily stepped away from politics, is the only top official seen as an asset by a majority of party members surveyed. More than half saw Marine Le Pen as a liability. Jerome Riviere, a former conservative lawmaker who joined Le Pen s campaign team, praised her openness to adjustments, including softening her anti-euro stance.  A good party chief needs to be representative of what grassroots activists want,  he said. But Le Pen s handling of the break with Philippot led others to conclude that she no longer knows where she stands.  There is a rise in influence of people who advise her in a way that is not true to her beliefs or good for the party,  Alain Avello, a regional councillor, told Reuters.  Avello, who once described himself a  Marine-ite , is one of several National Front members to have quit the party after Philippot s departure.     A crucial question will be how much Le Pen now allows the party s policies to evolve.  Philippot had long advocated a tough anti-euro and pro-welfare policy, which Le Pen had backed. But others want the party to re-focus on its anti-immigrant, economically liberal roots. It is expected to decide a new strategy and policies at a congress in March. In a letter to National Front members the day Philippot quit, Le Pen said the debate on overhauling the party would continue until the congress. She will tour France to meet supporters, who will be asked in a questionnaire how they want the party to change.   It is important to me that you, National Front members, be the ones to decide,  Le Pen said.  ",1
19103,Too early to say if UK has made sufficient progress in Brexit talks: Irish PM,"LONDON (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Monday it was not possible to say that Britain had made sufficient progress to move onto the next phase of Brexit talks with the European Union, adding there was a  bit of a way to go yet .  When it comes to making a recommendation as to whether sufficient progress has been made, it s too early to say. That s a decision that will be made by the 27 prime ministers including me when we meet in Brussels in October,  Varadkar said after a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May in her Downing Street office.  It s possible that between now and the decision point in October that may happen. I don t think at this stage it would be possible to say that sufficient progress has yet been made.  Varadkar said it was important that Britain had committed to not having any physical infrastructure on the border between the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland. He also said neither he did not believe there would be any advantage in having another election in Northern Ireland to solve an impasse in the British province after a power-sharing coalition collapsed in January - but added that he did not favor a return to direct rule from London. ",1
19104,Leadership of German far right splits hours after electoral success,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leadership of Germany s far right cracked within hours of its electoral success on Monday, when the highest-profile figure in its more moderate wing stormed out of its victory news conference and abandoned its parliamentary group. Frauke Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, was the most recognizable face in the Alternative for Germany (AfD) during its swift rise over the past two years. But she said she could not stand with an  anarchistic party  that lacked a credible plan to govern, and would sit in parliament as an independent.  The anti-immigrant AfD shocked the establishment by winning 12.6 percent of the vote in Sunday s election after a campaign that channeled public anger at Chancellor Angela Merkel s 2015 decision to leave Germany s border open to migrants. The result made the AfD the first far-right group to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s. A vocal critic of immigration, Petry served as co-leader of the AfD, but had come into conflict with other senior figures in the party in recent months, saying she understood why some voters were alarmed at some of their radical rhetoric. She has been less visible as a figure since a surprise decision in April not to run the party s election campaign.  I ve decided I won t be part of the AfD s group in the German parliament but will initially be an individual member of parliament in the lower house,  Petry said as she left the party s news conference. She has said the AfD should be ready to join coalition governments, while other figures said the party should stick to opposition. All established parties refuse to work with the AfD. Berlin-based political expert Gero Neugebauer said Petry had realized she would not have much influence in the AfD s parliamentary group and may see herself in future as a potential leader of a new group attracting likeminded lawmakers. Other senior party figures played down her importance.  It s always a shame when someone very talented leaves the party and Frauke Petry is very talented. But I must note that she wasn t much help recently in the campaign,  one of the AfD s top candidates, Alexander Gauland, told Reuters. Once seen as a radical for transforming the AfD from an obscure group opposed to euro zone financial bailouts into Germany s leading anti-immigration party, Petry had distanced herself from other top AfD candidates before the election. She had sought to have the party expel Bjoern Hoecke, a senior party official who courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil  and calling Berlin s Holocaust Memorial a  monument of shame . Gauland, who replaced Petry in recent months as the party s most recognizable face, provoked outrage during the election campaign by saying Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers and Germany s immigration minister should be  disposed of  in Turkey where her parents come from. Petry said she was aiming to bring about a  conservative turning point  in parliament in 2021, the next time Germany is due to hold a national election.  I ll do everything I can to achieve that so the sensible ideas the AfD has been working on since 2013 actually become a political reality,  she added. She declined to answer further questions, including whether she would remain the AfD s co-leader, but said the public would hear from her in the coming days. The party, founded in 2013 by a group of academics opposed to the euro, has long been riven by infighting. Commentators have predicted that its divisions could be amplified by its entry onto the national political stage. Gauland said neither he nor the other top candidate Alice Weidel nor co-leader Joerg Meuthen knew why Petry left. Thomas Jaeger, political scientist at Cologne University, said Petry would now need to leave the party, and her decision would likely help the AfD because its parliamentary group would more cohesive without her. ",1
19105,"After German election, Macron to set out his vision for Europe","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron will set out plans for reforming the European Union on Tuesday, including proposals for a separate eurozone budget, despite a German election result that is likely to complicate his far-reaching ambitions. German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives saw their support slide in Sunday s election, though they remain the biggest parliamentary bloc. She is expected to seek a coalition with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) - who have criticized Macron s ideas for Europe - and the Greens. Elysee officials said Macron, who has promised sweeping reforms to Europe s monetary union in coordination with Merkel, hoped the issues to be raised in his speech would be taken into account in Germany s coalition negotiations. One Elysee official said a eurozone budget, one of Macron s most contentious ideas, would be  necessary in due course  and that the president would therefore raise the issue in his speech, to be delivered at the Sorbonne University in Paris. Since his election in May, Macron has made the overhaul of the EU and its institutions one of his major themes. As well as his eurozone budget idea, he wants to see the appointment of a eurozone finance minister and the creation of a rescue fund that would preemptively help countries facing economic trouble. Ahead of Sunday s election, Merkel had indicated her willingness to work with Macron on a reform agenda, even if her own ideas may not reach as far as his. But the election results have left Merkel facing a difficult coalition-building task which is in turn likely to limit her flexibility on Europe. A coalition of Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc, the FDP and the Greens is unprecedented at the national level - and any attempt by the chancellor and Macron to press for greater EU integration will face opposition from the new German lower house Bundestag. The FDP has called for a phasing out of Europe s ESM bailout fund and changes to EU treaties that would allow countries to leave the euro zone. And the far-right, eurosceptic Alternative for Germany is now the third biggest party in the Bundestag, further curbing Merkel s room for maneuver. But Elysee officials noted that the FDP had reaffirmed its attachment to the EU and to strong Franco-German relations, a point Macron was likely to emphasize in his speech while at the same time not seeking to impose anything on his partners. Macron, the sources said, would propose that the whole EU move forward together, and that those who did not want to should not stand in the way of those that did. Coming just two days after the German election, Macron s speech is likely to be interpreted in Germany as an attempt to shape the debate before the coalition talks begin in earnest.  German coalition agreements are strict, with the contours set out in them limiting the government s room for maneuver. In that respect, Merkel s ability to work with Macron on EU reform will be pre-determined by whatever coalition deal is struck. FDP leader Christian Lindner said on Monday he would not agree to any coalition that did not promise a change in the German government s direction.  While that appeared to set the stage for tough talks, he also offered hope for Macron, saying when asked about the French president s eurozone budget ideas that the FDP had a  strong interest  in the strength of France. ",1
19106,China's cyber watchdog imposes top fines on tech firms over censorship,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s cyber watchdog has handed down maximum penalties to several of the country s top tech firms, including Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK), Baidu Inc (BIDU.O) and Weibo Corp (WB.O), for failing to properly censor online content. The rebuke comes as China is stepping up censorship and security efforts ahead of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, a major leadership conference held once every five years. Notices posted by the Cyberspace Administration of China on Monday said the firms would receive the  maximum penalty  for failing to remove fake news and pornography as well as content that  incites ethic tension  and  threatens social order .  It is the first time that the CAC has levied the maximum fines against tech firms under a new law introduced in June, as it seeks to tighten its grip on the internet.  The internet does not operate outside of the law... the CAC will seriously implement the new cybersecurity law and other regulations to increase territorial supervision and enforcement efforts regarding the internet,  said the CAC. The notices did not detail the exact sum of the penalties, but under the rules cited in the notice individuals in charge of the platforms and others directly involved face a maximum penalty of 100,000 yuan ($15,110) each.  The law also stipulates that offending platforms can have their licenses revoked and their services suspended for failing to comply. The measures are the result of an investigation launched last month by the CAC, and target the country s most popular social media services, including Tencent s WeChat and Weibo s microblogging service, whose combined registered users exceed 1 billion. Earlier this month the cyber watchdog also introduced new regulations that require messaging apps to create credit scores that can be lowered to punish and restrict users who post offensive content. The rules, which take effect on October 8, also make users legally liable for content deemed illegal. In a recent notice the CAC said illegal content includes articles that  misinterpret government policy ,  twist the history of the Chinese Communist Party  and  flaunt excessive wealth.  According to Monday s notices the firms will be required to undertake immediate rectifications to remove illegal content and accounts as well as increase content auditing measures.   ",1
19107,Putin to meet Erdogan in Ankara on Sept 28: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s president Vladimir Putin is expected to meet his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan on his visit to Ankara on Thursday, Kremlin said in a statement on Monday after the presidents spoke by phone. They also discussed the cooperation of Russia and Turkey in Syria, according to the statement. ",1
19108,Russia denies it bombed U.S.-backed militias in Syria - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Defence Ministry on Monday denied its planes had bombed U.S.-backed militias in Syria s Deir al-Zor province earlier in the day, saying it was always careful to ensure its air strikes were accurate, the RIA news agency reported.  RIA cited Major-General Igor Konashenkov as issuing the denial which followed allegations from the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, that Russia had killed one of its fighters and injured two others in the air strike.  ",1
19109,Qatar Says Trump wants to fix Gulf crisis with dialogue,"PARIS (Reuters) - Qatar s foreign minister said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump was stepping up efforts for a diplomatic solution to the crisis in the Gulf. Trump initially took a hard line against Qatar, calling it a  high level  sponsor of terrorism after Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt shook the region by cutting political and trade ties with the small state in June. The action suspended air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told reporters in Paris that he had seen a  greater desire  from Trump to fix the stand-off through discussion.   He has stated very clearly that he doesn t want to see conflict among friends. So there is a determination by the U.S. to solve this by dialogue.  There was no immediate comment from the White House. In Trump s initial comments in June, he suggested he had helped plan the Qatar action with Arab leaders, though last week he said he expected the dispute to be solved quickly. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists, charges Qatar s leaders deny.  Al-Thani said Qatar was doing well economically despite the sanctions, but said the Arab action was actually driving Qatar closer to Tehran, something Doha has acknowledged in the past.  They said Qatar was now closer to Iran. By their measures they are pushing Qatar to Iran. They are giving Iran, or any regional force, Qatar like a gift,  he said.  Is that their objective, to push one country, a GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) member state toward Iran? This is not a wise objective,  he added. Al-Thani said Qatar s position over Syria had not changed. Both Qatar and Saudi Arabia have backed Syrian rebels, despite their differences.  After eight months, after the militarization of the (Syrian) revolution, this is when Qatar decided to take a side. We decided to stand with the people,  said al-Thani.  Our position - will it be changed because blockading nations have a dispute with us? That would mean our principles that we are fighting for our worthless. Our position and the values which we have stuck to from the beginning have remained the same. War criminals need to be held accountable,  he added.  ",1
19110,Brexit can be 'comfortably' negotiated in two years: Johnson,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Britain can negotiate its exit from the European Union within the two-year framework envisaged, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday.  We can do it comfortably in two years,  Johnson told reporters after meeting his Czech counterpart, Lubomir Zaoralek, in Prague. ",1
19111,"Zimbabwe pastor on trial for subversion, faces 20-year jail term","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe put on trial on Monday an activist pastor accused of attempting to subvert the government, a charge that carries up to 20 years in prison on conviction, following protests last year against President Robert Mugabe s handling of the economy. Evan Mawarire, through his #ThisFlag movement, led a stay-at-home demonstration in 2016, the biggest protest in a decade, via a social media campaign that urged citizens to speak out against economic problems and government failure to pay workers. Mawarire was arrested again for subversion on Sunday as he stepped down from his pulpit after police accused him of circulating social media posts that accused the government of wrecking the economy. Appearing in maroon slacks at the High Court, the clergyman pleaded not guilty to two charges of subverting the government and two charges of inciting public violence. The latter carries a penalty of up to 10 years in jail. State prosecutor Chris Mtungadura said social media posts by Mawarire last year were meant to incite the population to overthrow the government. The state has lined up eight witnesses.  He was exercising his constitutional rights of challenging the policies of government. This ... was done in a lawful manner,  defense lawyer Harrison Nkomo told the court. Over the last few days, shortages of basic goods and fuel have emerged, resulting in panic buying by consumers. Shortages of cash, which started last year, have worsened, with some banks unable to provide money at all to customers. Prices of imported goods, including cooking oil and dairy products, have also risen, and businesses say they are being forced to buy foreign currency on the black market at a premium, raising fears of a return to hyperinflation. In 2009, the government adopted the U.S. dollar as its official currency, alongside the British sterling and South African rand, which helped to stabilize prices.  But the U.S. dollar has disappeared from banks and on Monday, buying $100 on the streets through a bank transfer cost $150, up from $133 a week ago, in a sign that dollar bank balances are fast losing value. The domestic quasi-currency  bond note  introduced last year to try to ease the shortages is also in short supply as it has been sucked out of the banking system but can be found on the street. Although bond notes have a 1:1 face value with the U.S. dollar, one needs $1.20 in bond notes to buy $1. Mugabe, 93, has held power since Zimbabwe won independence from Britain in 1980 and critics accuse him of using the security forces to crack down on dissent.  ",1
19112,Turkey will take two steps if Germany takes one to normalize relations - foreign minister,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey, whose relations with Germany have soured in recent months, will take two steps to normalize bilateral relations if Germany takes one step, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said in a television interview on Monday. He was speaking after Germany s Angela Merkel secured a fourth term as chancellor in an election which saw her support slide and the far right making significant gains.  Germany should learn from its mistakes,  Cavusoglu told broadcaster A Haber when asked about ties between the two countries, which have been hit by disagreements on a range of political and security issues. ",1
19113,British lesbian wins right to spousal visa in landmark Hong Kong case,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - A Hong Kong appeals court on Monday ruled that a British lesbian whose partner works in the city should be granted a spousal visa, a landmark decision that could lead to expatriate same-sex partners moving to the Chinese-ruled financial hub. The British national, known as QT, had been refused a dependant s visa on the grounds that she was not a  spouse , even though she had entered a civil partnership in England. Marriage in Hong Kong is defined as a monogamous union between a man and a woman, but discrimination based on sexual orientation is against the law. The former British colony returned to Chinese rule with wide-ranging autonomy, including a free judiciary, in 1997.    In a unanimous decision reached by three judges, the Court of Appeal found that the director of immigration failed to justify the  indirect discrimination on account of sexual orientation that QT suffers . While the legal definition of marriage was not challenged in the appeal, chief judge Andrew Cheung wrote that  times have changed and an increasing number of people are no longer prepared to accept the status quo without critical thought .  Excluding a foreign worker s lawfully married (albeit same-sex) spouse or civil partner ... to join the worker is, quite obviously, counter-productive to attracting the worker to come to or remain in Hong Kong to work in the first place,  he added. The court ordered QT and the Department of Immigration to work together on an agreement and submit it to court within 28 days.  Hong Kong s LGBT advocates welcomed the decision, with the city s first openly gay lawmaker, Ray Chan, calling it a  big win for same-sex dependants to apply for a visa to stay in Hong Kong . Same-sex marriage was legalized in Taiwan in May, a first in Asia. In mainland China, homosexuality was listed as a mental disorder until 2001, but it is not illegal to be gay. ",1
19114,"Erdogan, Putin discuss Iraqi Kurdish referendum - Turkish presidential sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum by phone on Monday and laid stress on the territorial integrity of both Iraq and Syria, Turkish presidential sources said. They said the two leaders also talked about the Astana process regarding Syria and agreed to discuss regional developments at greater length when they meet in the Turkish capital Ankara on Thursday. ",1
19115,Philippines vows fair probe after Vietnamese fishermen killed,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines has assured Vietnam of a fair and thorough  investigation into the deaths of two of its fishermen during a sea chase incident at the weekend, during which warning shots were fired by a navy ship.  Two crew died and five were arrested on Saturday about 30 miles (48 km) off Pangasinan, northwest of Manila, after the navy corvette encountered Vietnamese vessels deep in the Philippines  200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone, according to its foreign ministry. Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano made the assurance to his Vietnamese counterpart in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.  We would like to offer our sympathies over the unfortunate loss of life and give you our assurance that we will conduct a fair and thorough investigation into this matter,  Philippine Foreign Ministry spokesman Robespierre Bolivar told reporters on Monday, quoting Cayetano. The Philippines and Vietnam have been close diplomatic allies when it comes to the South China Sea, most of which is claimed by China. Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan also have claims. On Monday, Vietnam s foreign ministry said it had received information from the Philippines and was investigating. Vietnam protested violence against fishermen of any kind, it added, asking the Philippines to notify it soon of the official results and to take serious measures if there were violations by Philippine authorities, the statement said. The Philippines assured Vietnam the detained fishermen would be well treated. According to the initial Philippine investigation, the navy ship spotted the six Vietnamese vessels by their bright fishing lights. The boats sped away and the navy gave chase, but the corvette was then rammed by one fishing boat, the navy said, prompting sailors to fire warning shots. When the Vietnamese boat was caught, the crew surrendered and two fishermen were found dead. Investigators noticed bullet holes in the boat s stockroom, but did not say if they were from the navy s guns. ",1
19116,Germany's FDP says won't agree to 'Jamaica' coalition at any price,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s liberal Free Democrats (FDP) set the stage for tough coalition talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Greens, saying they would not agree to a deal that did not promise a change in the German government s direction.  It is not up to us to form a  Jamaica coalition  at any price,  deputy party leader Wolfgang Kubicki told journalists on Monday, after Sunday s national election pointed to a three-way tie-up as the most straightforward possibility for a coalition. FDP party leader Christian Lindner said that changes were needed in Germany s energy policy and its stance on euro zone fiscal policy. ",1
19117,"Merkel: Open to coalition talks with FDP and Greens, but also SPD","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday her conservatives would sound out coalition possibilities with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens as well as with the so far reluctant center-left Social Democrats (SPD).  I think all parties ... have a responsibility to ensure that there will be a stable government,  Merkel told reporters after her conservative CDU/CSU bloc won Sunday s election albeit with its weakest result since 1949. Merkel added that sustainable budget policies and domestic security would be priorities for her conservatives in the upcoming coalition talks. ",1
19118,Turkey's foreign minister says Russian bombing in Syria's Idlib killing civilians,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s foreign minister said on Monday that recent Russian bombing in Syria s Idlib had killed civilians and moderate rebels and this would be discussed with Russian President Vladimir Putin when he visits Turkey. The killing of civilians violates the Astana accord, Mevlut Cavusoglu said in an interview with broadcaster A Haber, adding that Moscow needed to be  careful .  ",1
19119,U.S. hopes for 'good deliverables' during Trump's China visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States hopes there will be some  very good deliverables  when President Donald Trump visits China, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday, striking an upbeat tone amid trade tensions between the two countries. Trump will likely visit China in November as part of a trip that will take him to an Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in the Philippines and an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam. China s relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration s criticism of China s trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Meeting in Beijing, Ross told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang he and his delegation had been greeted very warmly which augurs well for Trump s forthcoming trip to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping.  We are looking forward to a very good session including a lot of American CEOs and we hope there will be some very good deliverables,  Ross said, in comments in front of reporters. Li told Ross that the two countries  common interests far outweighed their differences and their economic and trade relationship had enormously benefited both countries and the world.  China is the world s largest developing country while the United States is the world s biggest developed country,  Li said.   In addition to that, China and the United States are the largest trading partners with each other, so I think it is fair to say that our common interests far outweigh our differences and divergences,  he added.  Over the years, economic and trade relations between our two countries have always served as a ballast for our overall bilateral relationship and also these important trade and economic relations have benefited enormously our two peoples as well as the whole world.  State media quoted Li as further saying that China hopes the United States will give fair treatment to Chinese companies  investments there, as well as ease restrictions on high-tech exports.  Meeting earlier in the day, Chinese Commerce Minister Zhong Shan told Ross that there was huge potential for cooperation and China was willing to  manage and control  disputes, the ministry said in a statement. China was willing to create good conditions for Trump s visit and ensure his trip was fruitful, Zhong added. Xi and Trump met for the first time in person at Trump s Mar-A-Lago estate in Florida in April. Trump has since played up his personal relationship with Xi, even when criticizing China over North Korea and trade. The two sides launched a 100-day economic plan at that meeting, including some industry-specific announcements such as the resumption of American beef sales in China. There has since been limited progress on trade relations. Ross s visit comes at a time of heightened trade tensions between the United States and China following Trump s decision earlier this month to block a Chinese-backed private equity firm from buying a U.S.-based chipmaker. In August, Trump authorized an inquiry into China s alleged theft of intellectual property - the first direct trade measure by his administration against Beijing.  During his campaign, Trump vowed repeatedly to declare China a currency manipulator once in office but in April backed off from that threat. Trump s administration has also repeatedly called on China to do more to rein in North Korea and has threatened new sanctions on Chinese banks and other firms doing business with Pyongyang. China says it is already doing all it can to pressure North Korea and that those countries directly involved in the stand-off on the peninsula should take responsibility for resolving tensions. There was no mention of North Korea in the comments Li and Ross made in front of reporters. ",1
19120,China urges restraint amid war of words between Trump and North Korea,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - China on Monday called for all sides in the North Korea missile crisis to show restraint and not  add oil to the flames  amid an exchange of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told the U.N. General Assembly on Saturday that targeting the U.S. mainland with its rockets was inevitable after  Mr Evil President  Trump called Pyongyang s leader a  rocket man  on a suicide mission.  Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won t be around much longer!  Trump said on Twitter late on Saturday. North Korea, which has pursued its missile and nuclear programmers in defiance of international condemnation, said it  bitterly condemned the reckless remarks  of the U.S. president, saying they were an  intolerable insult to the Korean people  and a declaration of war, the North s official news agency said on Monday. In an unprecedented direct statement on Friday, Kim described Trump as a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard  whom he would tame with fire. Kim said the North would consider the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  against the United States and that Trump s comments had confirmed his nuclear programs was  the correct path . Trump threatened in his maiden U.N. address on Tuesday to  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people if North Korea threatened the United States or its allies. Asked how concerned China was the war of words between Trump and North Korea could get out of control, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang described the situation as highly complex and sensitive. It was vitally important everyone strictly, fully and correctly implemented all North Korea related U.N. resolutions, Lu said, resolutions which call for both tighter sanctions and efforts to resume dialogue. All sides should  not further irritate each other and add oil to the flames of the tense situation on the peninsula at present , Lu told a daily news briefing.   We hope all sides do not continue doing things to irritate each other and should instead exercise restraint.  Speaking to British Prime Minister Theresa May by telephone, Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated the North Korean issue should be resolved peacefully via talks, state media said. China hopes Britain can play a constructive role in easing the situation and pushing for a resumption in talks, Xi added. May, like some other U.S. allies, has pushed for China to do more on North Korea. Downing Street said the two leaders agreed there was a particular responsibility for China and Britain, as permanent Security Council members, to help find a diplomatic solution.  They agreed the U.K. and China should continue working closely together to increase pressure on the North Korean regime to abandon its nuclear programs,  a spokesman said. North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear bomb test on Sept. 3, prompting another round of U.N. sanctions. Pyongyang said on Friday it might test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean. While China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests, it has also called for the United States and its allies to help lessen tension by dialling back their military drills. U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers escorted by fighters flew in international airspace over waters east of North Korea on Saturday in a show of force the Pentagon said indicated the range of military options available to Trump.  A continued rise in tensions on the peninsula, I believe, is not in the interests of any side,  Lu said, responding to a question about the U.S. air force exercises. For its part, China says it is committed to enforcing sanctions against North Korea. Wang Jingdong, president of the world s largest lender Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) (601398.SS), told reporters during a briefing the bank will  strictly implement U.N. Security Council decisions related to North Korea and carefully fulfill relevant international responsibility . The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Monday said his decision to call a snap election would not distract his government from responding to North Korean threats, pledging to increase pressure if Pyongyang failed to halt its missile and nuclear weapons development. ",1
19121,"Germany's FDP sees common ground with Greens on education, digitization","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s liberal Free Democrats (FDP) see some common ground with the Greens on areas including education and digitization, party leader Christian Lindner said on Monday.  There are commonalities with the Greens on the question of education reform, on questions of civil rights and certainly also on the question of the expansion of fiber optic networks, for which we need to provide more funding,  he told journalists the day after Germany s national election. The FDP has set the stage for tough coalition talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Greens, saying they would not agree to a deal that did not promise a change in the German government s direction. ",1
19122,Juncker to Merkel: EU needs stable German government to shape Europe,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker urged German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday to form a strong coalition government that could help shape Europe s future after her re-election. In a published letter, Juncker wrote:  In view of the great global challenges, now more than ever Europe needs a stable German government which will actively help shape our continent.  ",1
19123,"Russian, Iranian presidents discuss Iraqi Kurdish vote - Rouhani's office","LONDON (Reuters) - Russian President Putin and his Iranian counterpart Hassan Rouhani discussed the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum and the Syrian civil war in a telephone call, a senior Iranian official was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency.  Assessing the current situation in the region, especially in Iraq and Syria, was the main focus of the two leaders,  Hamid Aboutalebi, Rouhani s deputy chief of staff of for political affairs, said.  They stressed on the necessity of maintaining the unity of Iraq and security and stability in the region,  he added. ",1
19124,China's Xi tells Britain's May North Korea issue should be peacefully resolved,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The North Korean issue should be resolved peacefully through talks, Chinese President Xi Jinping told British Prime Minister Theresa May in a telephone call, state radio said on Monday. ",1
19125,Iraqi PM orders security services 'to protect citizens being coerced' in Kurdistan,BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered security services on Monday  to protect citizens being threatened and coerced  in the autonomous Kurdish region where a referendum on independence is under way. Abadi s order was announced in statement from his office. Abadi has said the vote is against the constitution and asked the Kurdish authorities to cancel it. ,1
19126,Russian occupation of Crimea marked by grave human rights violations - U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Russia is committing  grave  human rights violations in Crimea, including its imposition of citizenship and by deporting prisoners, a U.N. human rights report said on Monday.   Grave human rights violations, such as arbitrary arrests and detentions, enforced disappearances, ill-treatment and torture, and at least one extra-judicial execution were documented,  the report said.  Russian authorities did not allow the U.N. investigation to enter Crimean territory.  Russia occupied Crimea in 2014 and replaced Ukrainian laws with Russian laws, but its annexation has never been internationally recognized. The U.N. General Assembly ordered the human rights investigation in December 2016.   Imposing citizenship on the inhabitants of an occupied territory can be equated to compelling them to swear allegiance to a power they may consider as hostile, which is forbidden under the Fourth Geneva Convention,  U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al Hussein said in a statement.  Russia had also broken international law by transporting detainees and prisoners from Crimea to Russia, the report said. When it occupied Crimea, Russia automatically recognized all Ukrainians on the peninsula as Russian citizens, unless they sent a written rejection. As of May 2015, about 100,000 people, about 4 percent of Crimea s population, did not have Russian citizenship, the report said, citing a Russian official.  About 19,000 people - mainly civil servants wanting to keep their jobs under Russia s de facto rule - were effectively forced to renounce their Ukrainian citizenship, the report said.   Russia says a March 2014 referendum legitimized its  incorporation  of Crimea. Opponents of the referendum have been targeted by laws against terrorism, extremism and separatism, and some have been forcibly interned in psychiatric institutions, the report said.  Many media outlets have been shut down and all Crimea s 22 congregations of Jehovah s Witnesses have been effectively outlawed, the report said.  Education in Ukrainian has almost disappeared and Russia has banned the Mejlis, a body representing Crimean Tatars, whose members have been subjected to intimidation, house searches and detention, the report said. Russia is a veto-wielding member of the U.N. Security Council, which means it can block any attempt to hold it to account.  But Fiona Frazer, head of the U.N. office in Ukraine that produced the report, said it was important to document what was happening in Crimea so that victims could record the human rights violations they were facing and try to ensure justice and accountability. ",1
19127,Berlin votes to keep Cold War era Tegel airport open,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Berliners voted to keep the historic Tegel airport open even after a new international hub is completed, creating a headache for the German capital s government, which wanted it closed. Tegel sprang up in just 90 days in 1948 to support the Berlin Airlift, a huge operation to ship supplies and thwart a Cold War Soviet blockade. It is much-loved by many Berliners and business travelers for its proximity to the city center. Berlin s government will now have to rethink its plans to close Tegel after some 56 percent of voters supported the non-binding referendum on Sunday, the same day as Germany s federal election, to reconsider the proposal. This had envisaged the closing of Tegel six months after the Berlin Brandenburg International (BER) airport - a grand project bedeviled by repeated construction and planning problems - finally starts operating. It still has no fixed opening date. Michael Mueller, Berlin s mayor said the result created a  very, difficult situation  and told rbb radio he would now talk to the airport s state owners about taking a different approach that could be  legally and financially challenging.  The chief executive of Berlin Airport, Engelbert Luetke Dalderup, said it was up to the airport s owners to decide and that the operator was working on its aim to complete the construction work for BER by August 2018. Opponents argue that Tegel, with its concrete, hexagonal terminal that dates back to the 1970s, is antiquated, does not meet current safety standards and must be renovated at a cost of at least 1 billion euros ($1.2 billion). They want the state government to go ahead with plans to convert the site into a new business and technology park to boost Berlin s economy, and build affordable flats to alleviate a housing shortage. Supporters, however, say that even when complete the new airport will be too small to meet passenger demand and want Tegel retained to serve around 10 million passengers per year, mainly on short-haul flights.  Airlines were also divided, with Ryanair calling for it to be kept open to avoid a capacity crunch, and Lufthansa saying it would prefer to operate from one airport.  Ryanair, which placed posters around Berlin urging locals to vote to keep Tegel open, on Monday welcomed the result and called on the government to explore all options to keep it open.  ",1
19128,Qatar Foreign Minister: blockade pushing it closer to Iran economically,"PARIS (Reuters) - An economic blockade on Qatar is having the effect of pushing Qatar closer to Iran economically, Qatar s foreign minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani told reporters in Paris.  They said Qatar was now closer to Iran. By their measures they are pushing Qatar to Iran. They are giving Iran, or any regional force, Qatar like a gift,  he said on Monday.  Is that their objective, to push one country, a GCC member state toward Iran? This is not a wise objective,  he added. Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani also stressed that Qatar still had political differences with Iran, including over Syria. ",1
19129,"Bali's rumbling volcano spurs travel warnings from Australia, Singapore","Karangasem, INDONESIA (Reuters) - Fears that a volcano could erupt imminently on the holiday island of Bali prompted several countries to issue travel warnings, while Indonesian authorities raced to evacuate tens of thousands of people living in the  danger zone . Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, the United States and the U.K. issued advisories on Monday and at the weekend warning that increased volcanic activity at Mount Agung in eastern Bali could disrupt flights at one of the world s most popular tourist destinations.     Given the possible eruption of Mount Agung, Singaporeans should defer non-essential travel to the affected areas at this juncture,  the foreign ministry said in an online statement.      Bali s international airport was operating normally on Monday, as were tourist spots across the island. Indonesian authorities have imposed a 12-km (7.5 miles)exclusion zone around the crater. The National Disaster Management Agency (BNPB) said on Monday that around 62,000 people lived within the  danger zone  around the volcano and that they all needed to evacuate, though so far only 50,00 had moved to the temporary shelters provided in neighboring villages.  There are some who are staying behind because the volcano hasn t erupted yet or because of religious beliefs,  said BNPB spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho.   Our staff are combing the area and urging everyone to evacuate,  he said, speaking at a news conference in the Indonesian capital Jakarta. Nugroho said Mount Agung has entered a  critical phase , meaning magma has risen closer to the surface, as indicated by hundreds of shallow volcanic tremors that have rattled the area in recent days.    Evacuees are being housed in makeshift shelters like town halls and school gyms. Host communities were providing food and water, while the central and local governments were providing tents, blankets and other relief.    Officials have urged the public to remain calm amid false reports and videos circulating online of an eruption. Indonesia, which sits on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, has nearly 130 active volcanoes, more than any other country. Many Indonesians live near volcanoes because lava flows can make the surrounding soil and land fertile for farming. ",1
19130,China jails former Tianjin mayor for 12 years over graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Monday jailed former Tianjin mayor Huang Xingguo for 12 years, after he took more than 40 million yuan ($6 million) in bribes to push through promotions and land approvals, a court in the northern province of Hebei said. Dozens of senior Chinese officials have been investigated or jailed since President Xi Jinping assumed power, vowing to root out corruption and warning that the problem threatens the ruling Communist Party s grip on power. Huang, who was also acting chief of the Communist Party in the northern port city, became its mayor in 2008, before being investigated on suspicion of corruption in September last year. He abused his power to obtain bribes of more than 40 million yuan ($6.04 million) in exchange for promotions and land approvals, the Shijiazhuang Intermediate People s Court said on its official microblog on China s Twitter-like Weibo.     The corrupt behavior spanned Huang s political career of more than two decades spent in several Chinese cities, from previous posts in Ningbo and Taizhou in the coastal province of Zhejiang to his time in Tianjin, the statement added.  It was not possible for Reuters to reach Huang for comment.  In January, the Communist Party said it would prosecute Huang, 63, for graft, following its announcement last September of an initial investigation. Huang had made  presumptuous comments  on government policy and had damaged party unity, the investigation by the corruption watchdog, the Central Commission for Disciplinary Inspection (CCDI), showed.    He was also found to have accepted gifts, traveled with an  entourage  and worked to further his career by buying support and giving jobs to friends. The court said its sentence took into account the guilt and remorse Huang expressed over his offences, besides his cooperative attitude and the evidence he gave investigators. Tianjin, about an hour southeast of Beijing, has ambitions to become a financial hub for northern China and is one of four  areas designated a municipality, along with Beijing, Shanghai and Chongqing, giving it the same high status as a province. In 2015, a series of massive explosions at a chemicals warehouse in Tianjin killed about 170 people, provoking nationwide anger that it had been built close to people s homes.  ",1
19131,Swedish court sentences Syrian asylum seeker to prison for posing with war dead,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A Swedish court on Monday sentenced a Syrian asylum seeker to eight months in prison after he posed for photos with dead bodies during the conflict in his home country. The man admitted to posing with dead or severely injured people while fighting for the Syrian army in 2014 and that he knew the pictures would be used for propaganda, the district court said.  He denied wrongdoing, however, saying he was following orders.   The man has by his actions exposed the five persons, all of whom were protected under international humanitarian law in armed conflicts, for humiliating or degrading treatment aimed at seriously violating their personal dignity,  the court said. The man sought asylum in Sweden in 2015 and was detained this year after a member of the public sent the photo to the police.  ",1
19132,U.S.-backed SDF say attacked by Russian jets in east Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - U.S.-backed Syrian militias said Russian jets and Syrian government forces struck their positions in Deir al-Zor province on Monday, killing and injuring a number of fighters.  There was no immediate comment from Moscow or Damascus.  The Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, said they came under attack near a major gas field they had seized from Islamic State in recent days.   We will not stand by with our arms crossed and we will use our legitimate right to self-defence,  said the statement by the SDF, which fights alongside the U.S.-led coalition. ",1
19133,Ivory Coast accepts tribunal ruling in border dispute with Ghana,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast has accepted a ruling by the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea that favored Ghana in a dispute over the location of the maritime boundary separating the two West African neighbors, an Ivorian government spokesman said.  What s important is to preserve our good neighborly relations with Ghana,  Bruno Kone said on Monday.  And this judgment allows for a definitive demarcation of the maritime boundary.  ",1
19134,Russia's Putin may meet Venezuela's Maduro: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia and Venezuela are working on a possible meeting between presidents Vladimir Putin and Nicolas Maduro in Russia, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Monday.  A possibility of a visit (by Maduro) is being worked on as well as a possibility of contacts between the two presidents,  Peskov said on a conference call. ",1
19135,Damascus rejects Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government rejects the independence referendum organized by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, Syria s foreign minister has said. Voting started on Monday in northern Iraq despite intense international and regional pressure to call the vote off.  We in Syria only recognize a united Iraq and reject any procedure that leads to the fragmentation of Iraq,  Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem was cited as saying by Syrian state news agency SANA.   This step is rejected and we do not recognize it and yesterday I informed the Iraqi foreign minister of this stance.  An assistant to the Syrian foreign minister told the pro-government Syrian newspaper al-Watan that what is happening in Iraq  is a product of American policies that aim to fragment the region s countries and create conflict between its parts.  The referendum  harms Iraq and harms our Kurdish brothers,  Ayman Soussan added in the comments published on Monday. The Shi ite-led government in Baghdad has maintained relations with Damascus throughout the country s war, even as other Arab states cut ties with President Bashar al-Assad s administration. Iraqi Shi ite militias have fought on Assad s side against Syrian rebels and Islamic State. The Syrian government, which is regaining territory with Iranian and Russian military backing, also opposes steps taken by Syrian Kurds towards autonomy in northern Syria since the start of the country s civil war in 2011. Kurdish-led regions in Syria held elections for community leaders on Friday, the first in a three-phase vote that will culminate in the election of a parliament and the establishment of a federal system of government. Syrian Kurds insist independence is not their aim and they want to remain part of a decentralized Syria. ",1
19136,Tale of two cities: Kurdish vote lays bare political divisions,"SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - Some Kurdish leaders describe Monday s referendum on independence as a historic chance for the ethnic group to shape its own destiny after decades of oppression. Yet there was little enthusiasm for voting in the city of Sulaimaniya. No long queues snaked around buildings in early voting as one might expect of a people who have dreamed of their own nation all their lives. Only about 30 people were casting their ballots nearly two hours after polling stations opened, and much of Sulaimaniya was subdued. The sharp contrast with celebrations in the other major Kurdish city of Erbil highlighted divisions between the main political parties, suggesting problems ahead for the administration of any future state. Some officials in the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), based in Sulaimaniya, have cautioned that the vote could invite trouble from Turkey and Iran and a referendum should be held at a more appropriate time. Those neighboring countries fear independence will encourage their own restive Kurdish populations to press for change. The Baghdad government says the vote is unconstitutional. Iran banned flights to and from Kurdistan on Sunday, while Baghdad asked foreign companies to stop oil trading with Kurdistan and demanded that the KRG hand over control of its international airports and border posts with Iran, Turkey and Syria. Tensions are high between Kurdish fighters and Iranian-backed Shi ite militias. The Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) in Erbil argues that it is time for the Kurds to run their own affairs after many years of persecution at the hands of Saddam Hussein and others. Polling stations opened at 8:00 a.m. (0500 GMT) and should close at 6:00 p.m. Final results are expected within 72 hours.  The vote, expected to deliver a comfortable  yes  for independence, is not binding and is meant to give Masoud Barzani s KDP a mandate to negotiate secession of the oil producing region with Baghdad and neighboring states. There were few referendum banners in Sulaimaniya urging people to vote. Those who did turn out said they would back an independence from Iraq.   I say yes, yes, yes to a Kurdish state. I am from now on the son of a Kurdish state,  said Dirshad Ahmed, a writer. Like others who voted, he preferred to enjoy the moment instead of asking tough questions about internal Kurdish divisions and hostility to the vote from regional powers and the Baghdad government. Kurdistan has long been plagued by political disunity between Barzani s KDP and decades-old rival Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), headed by Jalal Talabani. It was most recently exacerbated by the extension of Barzani s term. The two sides fought a civil war during the 1990s. Some Sulaimaniya residents kept their distance from the referendum, preferring caution.  I will not vote. The referendum is not good. It could be  dangerous because of the threat from Turkey and Iran,  said shop owner Ali Ahmed. The Kurds began moving toward semi-autonomy after a U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein, ending what some called genocide against the ethnic group. But friction with Baghdad over oil and other issues led the Kurds to press harder for independence in a region that has been relatively stable compared to other parts of the country where sectarian blood spilled between Sunnis and Shi ites. Iraq has been struggling to come up with a formula for stability since the fall of Saddam.  Some Iraqis have suggested the country should be split into Kurdish, Sunni and Shi ite regions as a way of managing sectarian and ethnic tensions. Kamran Ahmed, a university economics professor, said at a polling station:  We will never again surrender to any Arab leader in Iraq.  He had high hopes for a Kurdish state and said Iraq could be broken up, the kind of talk that infuriates regional powers and Baghdad.  If there is a Sunni region then that s fine and the same goes for Shi ites. If our experiment is successful it could benefit the Sunnis and Shi ites,  he said. At another polling station, Kurdish security guard Sarbast Saeed urged the Shi ite-led Baghdad government to rein in militias instead of complaining about a Kurdish state.  They have no right to attack us when they let the militias attack Sunnis. Give the Sunnis their own state,  he said. It s that kind of bitterness that all sides will face as the Kurds work toward a viable state. ",1
19137,French unions block fuel depots in protest against labor reforms,"PARIS (Reuters) - French trade unionists blocked access on Monday to several fuel depots in protest against an overhaul of employment laws, seeking to test the government s will to reform the economy. In southern France, protesters  unions set up a road-block in front of Total s La Mede refinery, while in western France fuel depots were blocked near Bordeaux and the coastal city of La Rochelle. Union members also held go-slow operations on highways near Paris and in northern France.  We re determined. We re going to stay as long as possible while hoping that other blockades take place elsewhere, maybe that ll make Mr. Macron move,  Force Ouvriere union official Pascal Favre told Reuters. Eager to avoid fuel shortages, centrist President Emmanuel Macron s government deployed police at some sites before dawn to ensure by force that protesters could not block access.   It s not in blockading the country s economy and by preventing people from working, that one best defends one s cause,  junior economy minister Benjamin Griveaux told RTL radio. The labor reform is due to become law in the coming days after Macron formally signed five labor form decrees on Friday, in the first major economic reforms since he took power in May. The new rules, discussed at length in advance with unions, will cap payouts on dismissals that are judged unfair, while also giving companies greater freedom to hire and fire employees and to agree working conditions. While unions have failed to derail the reform, the considerable political capital Macron had after his landslide election victory in May is quickly evaporating. Macron suffered his first electoral setback on Sunday when his Republic on the Move (LREM) party won fewer seats than expected in elections for the French Senate. ",1
19138,British police arrest seventh man over bomb attack on London train,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police made a new arrest on Monday in their investigation into a bomb attack on a London underground train earlier this month. The man, 20, was detained at a house in the Welsh capital Cardiff by counter-terrorism officers, London police said. He is the seventh man to have been arrested over the attack at Parsons Green station in London on Sept. 15 which injured 30 people. It was Britain s fifth major militant attack so far this year. Last Friday, teenager Ahmed Hassan appeared in court charged with attempting to murder passengers on board the train heading to central London from the southwest suburb of Wimbledon and causing an explosion likely to endanger life using the highly volatile triacetone triperoxide (TATP) - known as  the mother of Satan  - or another explosive substance. The 18-year-old, from Sunbury-on-Thames, a town to the southwest of London, was remanded in custody until Oct. 13. The home-made bomb engulfed a carriage in flames, but apparently failed to fully explode.  Two other men are still being questioned by police while three others have since been released by detectives and face no further action. Searches are still ongoing at one address in Surrey, south of London, and in Cardiff.  ",1
19139,Malaysia's dissent on Myanmar statement reveals cracks in ASEAN facade,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Dissent surfaced again in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) after Malaysia disavowed a statement issued by the bloc s chairman, the Philippines, as misrepresenting  the reality  of an exodus of 430,000 ethnic Rohingya from Myanmar. The grouping of 10 nations in one of the world s fastest growing regions has long struggled to reconcile conflicting interests in tackling issues such as China s claims over the South China Sea and the crisis facing the Muslim Rohingya.  The Philippines, as chair, tolerates the public manifestation of dissenting voices,  the Philippine foreign ministry said in a statement on Monday. The move showed a  new level of maturity  in pushing ASEAN s principle of consensus when dealing with issues affecting national interests, it added. Malaysia had made its position clear  in several ASEAN meetings  in New York, the ministry said, adding that it had to also take into account the views of other members, however. On Sunday, Malaysia  disassociated itself  from the ASEAN chairman s statement on the grounds that it misrepresented the  reality of the situation  and did not identify the Rohingya as one of the affected communities.  Myanmar objects to the term Rohingya, saying the Muslims of its western state of Rakhine state are not a distinct ethnic group, but illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Senior diplomats and foreign ministers of ASEAN nations discussed the contents of the statement on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York before it was published, the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) and Malaysian government sources said. No consensus was reached by the ASEAN foreign ministers, however, said two Malaysian government officials aware of the discussions.     The chairman s statement released by the Philippines did not reflect Malaysia s concerns, said one of the officials, who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue. Malaysia has objected once before to a similar statement on the crisis in Myanmar s western Rakhine state, but Sunday s response was unexpected, as the grouping has an overriding policy of non-interference in domestic matters. Myanmar must halt  atrocities which have unleashed a full-scale humanitarian crisis,  Malaysian Foreign Minister Anifah Aman urged on Sunday.  Viable and long-term solutions to the root causes to the conflict must be found,  he said in a statement. Malaysia s dissent, however, only reflects strained ties in ASEAN, said Shahriman Lockman, a senior analyst with the Institute of Strategic and International Studies in the country s capital.  What s truly exceptional here is not Malaysia s move to dissociate itself from the statement,  he told Reuters.  It s the failure of the Philippines to attempt to reflect the views of all ASEAN member states.  In the statement, the foreign ministers condemned the attacks on Myanmar s security forces and  all acts of violence which resulted in loss of civilian lives, destruction of homes and displacement of large numbers of people . More than 400 people have died and 430,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine, where an Aug. 25 attack on military and police outposts by Rohingya militants provoked a military offensive the United Nations calls  ethic cleansing . ",1
19140,"Trump slaps travel restrictions on N.Korea, Venezuela in sweeping new ban","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Sunday slapped new travel restrictions on citizens from North Korea, Venezuela and Chad, expanding to eight the list of countries covered by his original travel bans that have been derided by critics and challenged in court. Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen and Somalia were left on the list of affected countries in a new proclamation issued by the president. Restrictions on citizens from Sudan were lifted. The measures help fulfill a campaign promise Trump made to tighten U.S. immigration procedures and align with his  America First  foreign policy vision. Unlike the president s original bans, which had time limits, this one is open-ended.    Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet,  the president said in a tweet shortly after the proclamation was released. Iraqi citizens will not be subject to travel prohibitions but will face enhanced scrutiny or vetting.  The current ban, enacted in March, was set to expire on Sunday evening. The new restrictions are slated to take effect on Oct. 18 and resulted from a review after Trump s original travel bans sparked international outrage and legal challenges. The addition of North Korea and Venezuela broadens the restrictions from the original, mostly Muslim-majority list. An administration official, briefing reporters on a conference call, acknowledged that the number of North Koreans now traveling to the United States was very low.  Rights group Amnesty International USA condemned the measures.  Just because the original ban was especially outrageous does not mean we should stand for yet another version of government-sanctioned discrimination,  it said in a statement.   It is senseless and cruel to ban whole nationalities of people who are often fleeing the very same violence that the U.S. government wishes to keep out. This must not be normalized.  The American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement the addition of North Korea and Venezuela  doesn t obfuscate the real fact that the administration s order is still a Muslim ban.  The White House portrayed the restrictions as consequences for countries that did not meet new requirements for vetting of immigrants and issuing of visas. Those requirements were shared in July with foreign governments, which had 50 days to make improvements if needed, the White House said.  A number of countries made improvements by enhancing the security of travel documents or the reporting of passports that were lost or stolen. Others did not, sparking the restrictions. The announcement came as the U.S. Supreme Court prepares to hear oral arguments on Oct. 10 over the legality of Trump s previous travel ban, including whether it discriminated against Muslims.  Trump has threatened to  destroy  North Korea if it attacks the United States or its allies. Pyongyang earlier this month conducted its most powerful nuclear bomb test. The president  has also directed harsh criticism at Venezuela, once hinting at a potential military option to deal with Caracas. But the officials described the addition of the two countries to Trump s travel restrictions as the result of a purely objective review. In the case of North Korea, where the suspension was sweeping and applied to both immigrants and non-immigrants, officials said it was hard for the United States to validate the identity of someone coming from North Korea or to find out if that person was a threat.  North Korea, quite bluntly, does not cooperate whatsoever,  one official said.   The restrictions on Venezuela focused on Socialist government officials that the Trump administration blamed for the country s slide into economic disarray, including officials from the Bolivarian National Intelligence Service and their immediate families. Trump received a set of policy recommendations on Friday from acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke and was briefed on the matter by other administration officials, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, a White House aide said. The rollout on Sunday was decidedly more organized than Trump s first stab at a travel ban, which was unveiled with little warning and sparked protests at airports worldwide.    Earlier on Sunday, Trump told reporters about the ban:  The tougher, the better.    Rather than a total ban on entry to the United States, the proposed restrictions differ by nation, based on cooperation with American security mandates, the threat the United States believes each country presents and other variables, officials said.  Somalis, for example, are barred from entering the United States as immigrants and subjected to greater screening for visits.     After the Sept. 15 bombing attack on a London train, Trump wrote on Twitter that the new ban  should be far larger, tougher and more specific - but stupidly, that would not be politically correct.    The expiring ban blocked entry into the United States by people from the six countries for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days to give Trump s administration time to conduct a worldwide review of U.S. vetting procedures for foreign visitors.   Critics have accused the Republican president of discriminating against Muslims in violation of constitutional guarantees of religious liberty and equal protection under the law, breaking existing U.S. immigration law and stoking religious hatred.   Some federal courts blocked the ban, but the U.S. Supreme Court allowed it to take effect in June with some restrictions.  ",1
19141,China says supports Iraq's unity as Kurds vote in referendum,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China supports Iraq s unity, the country s foreign ministry said on Monday, as voting started in an independence referendum organized by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq, ignoring the threats of the Kurds  neighbors. The vote, expected to deliver a comfortable  yes  for independence, is not binding and is meant to give Massoud Barzani s KRG a mandate to negotiate secession of the oil producing region with Baghdad and neighboring states.[nL8N1M60E9] The referendum is being held despite intense international pressure on Barzani to call it off, amid fears that it would spark fresh conflicts with Baghdad and with Iraq s powerful neighbors, Iran and Turkey.  The Chinese government supports Iraq s sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity,  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a daily news briefing, when asked about the referendum.  We hope the relevant sides can resolve the differences via dialogue, and find an inclusive solution that takes into account history and reality, to jointly protect Iraqi and regional stability,  Lu added. This will help promote Iraq s rebuilding and counter-terrorism efforts and accords with the joint interests of countries in the region and the international community, he said. China, a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, is generally a low-key player in the Middle East despite its reliance on the region for oil, but has been trying to get more involved, for example by appointing a special envoy for the Syrian crisis. China says it adheres to a policy of non-interference in other countries internal affairs, but it generally takes a dim view of independence or secessionist movements around the world. At home, it contends with what it says are separatist movements in its western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang, and has repeatedly expressed concern that self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by Beijing as its own, could declare formal independence. However, Beijing has expressed more openness toward independence votes when both sides have agreed to them, such as Scotland s unsuccessful 2014 referendum to leave the United Kingdom, and South Sudan s 2011 vote in favor of independence from Sudan.  ",1
19142,Turkey vows to take 'all measures' if Iraqi Kurdish referendum endangers security,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey will take  all measures  under international law if the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum being held on Monday generates threats to Turkey s national security, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said. The ministry issued the statement as voting started in northern Iraq in a referendum organized by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), despite regional and international fears that it will fuel instability and violence across the Middle East. Turkey s foreign ministry said it did not recognize the referendum and would view its outcome as null and void, adding that the KRG was threatening the peace and stability of Iraq and the whole region. It warned of the possibility of  radical elements and terrorists  engaging in acts which target national security in the aftermath of the referendum.  We stress again that we will take all measures arising from international law and the Turkish parliament s authority in the face of every kind of threat to our national security in Iraq generally,  the ministry said. In a separate travel warning, the ministry said it strongly recommended that Turkish citizens in the Iraqi Kurdish provinces of Dohuk, Erbil and Sulaimaniya should leave as soon as possible if they are not obliged to stay. ",1
19143,Turkey blocks access from northern Iraq at Habur border gate: NTV,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey has blocked access into the country from northern Iraq at the Habur border gate in its southeast, but it was still possible to enter Iraq through the crossing, broadcaster NTV said on Monday. The move came as voting started in an independence referendum organized by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq. ",1
19144,"Turkey weighing border, air space measures over Iraqi Kurdish referendum: PM","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is evaluating steps regarding its border gates and air space in response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum being held on Monday, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said. In an interview shown by multiple Turkish broadcasters, Yildirim said Ankara will make decisions in more direct talks with the Iraqi central government after the referendum, adding that economic, political, diplomatic and military steps were being discussed.    ",1
19145,"Turkey to form closer ties with Iraqi central government after referendum, PM says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey intends to form closer ties with Iraq s central government after the Kurdish independence referendum in northern Iraq, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Monday, adding that Baghdad would control borders, airports and oil. Yildirim made the comments in an interview broadcast simultaneously on multiple Turkish television channels. He said Turkey would not launch  adventures  but would retaliate in kind if there is a threat against its interests. ",1
19146,Turkey's Erdogan to discuss response to Iraqi referendum during Iran visit: PM,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan will discuss with Tehran their response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum when he visits Iran next week with the Turkish chief of staff, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Monday. Yildirim s comments, in an interview broadcast on multiple Turkish television channels, came after Erdogan spoke by phone on Sunday with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and voiced concern that the referendum will cause regional chaos. Erdogan is due to visit Iran on Oct. 4. ",1
19147,Insight: Rap and the Party: China taps youth culture to hook millennial cadres," BEIJING (Reuters) - In his baseball cap and baggy yellow t-shirt, the rap star Li Yijie - better known by his stage name  Pissy  - is an unlikely face of China s strait-laced ruling Communist Party.  His group, Tianfu Shibian, has won fans and the support of the party s youth league with songs like  Force of Red  and  This is China  that chime with President Xi Jinping s nationalist vision of China and its place in the world.  Under Xi, set to begin a second five-year term at a key party congress next month, the once-hidebound Communist Party has sought to revitalise its role in society amid challenges to its traditional authority as the country gets richer, more mobile and more digitally connected.  The party's modernising push also comes as a significant number of educated Chinese millennials, faced with a tough job market and high housing costs in big cities, have grown disillusioned about their career and life prospects.  The party s effort extends increasingly to co-opting swathes of Chinese popular culture, such as Tianfu Shibian. At the same time, the government is cracking down on online content and entertainment that strays beyond the narrowing definitions of what is acceptable.  If the Party  sticks to the old ways, it will only be more and more rejected by young people,  said Li, 23, whose band s name means  Tianfu Incident . Tianfu refers to the region around Chengdu, the band s home city in western Sichuan province.   We need to stand up and say: Why can t younger folks be more patriotic?  he said during an interview in Beijing.   We need to step into this system,  he said.  If the post-1990 generations don t enter the system, what is our country going to do?  said Li.  Beijing has the same idea.  It has latched onto other acts like TFBOYS, a wholesome boy band whose three members each have nearly 30 million followers on the popular microblog Weibo, to help spread the Party message. The band often appears at Youth League events.   This kind of propaganda is a step forward that better suits the demands of its audience,  said Qiao Mu, a media researcher and former professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University.   Ordinary people are now rejecting the old preaching ways of the People s Daily newspaper and CCTV News,  he said, referring to the Party s official newspaper and China s state broadcaster.  On its Bilibili account - a video site popular with China s post 1990s generation - the Communist Youth League has posted hundreds of videos this year interspersing patriotic raps with more traditional fare such as defence ministry briefings.  One such  guichu    a fast-paced clip of repeated images, sounds and catchy music   calls on citizens to be on the lookout and report people they suspect are spies to the authorities.  Tianfu Shibian shot to prominence in 2016 voicing patriotic values in sometimes expletive-filled songs.   Force of Red  attacked Tsai Ing-Wen, the president of Taiwan, an independently governed island that Beijing considers a renegade province.   There s only one China, HK, Taipei, they are my fellas,  ran the lyrics of the song in English, along with expletives aimed at Tsai and her government:  Far away from us you forget how to act. Even dogs know to come home with a thankful bark.   The music video went viral, racking up more than 7 million views on the band s Twitter-like Sina Weibo feed and catching the attention of the Communist Youth League, a training ground for elite cadres within the 90-million-strong Communist Party.  The group s next outing -  This is China  - came with production support from a Youth League-backed music studio, though the band says there was no other financial backing.  The party connection deepened in September last year when Beijing sent the band to Woody Island, in a disputed area of the South China Sea, to film a music video rebuking an international tribunal ruling that rejected China s claims in the area.  Li said the group now has ties across China s propaganda related agencies, and frequently dines with officials to exchange ideas. In return they ve cleaned up their act to fit with Beijing s drive towards more wholesome content.  While their songs are unabashedly pro-China, Tianfu Shibian s lyrics also touch on problems in contemporary China, including tainted food, corruption, and pollution.   Critique with rationality has its place in our songs, but we despise those who keep complaining blindly,  Li told Reuters.  Not everyone is a fan.  A song by the band praising the late Chinese leader Mao Zedong was criticised online as glossing over China s Cultural Revolution, a period of chaos and violence between 1966-1976 in which some historians estimate as many as 1.5 million people died.  Others online have dismissed the band as a propaganda machine, calling it  wumao  - roughly  50-cents  - a reference to those paid by the government to post patriotic comments online.  While countercultural or subversive art has long been at the fringes in China, it has all-but been extinguished in the Xi era, with censors banning not only politically incorrect material but also clamping down on negativity.  China s most internationally recognised artist, Ai Weiwei, a fierce critic of Beijing, spent time under house arrest and finally left China in 2015. He had helped design Beijing s  Bird s Nest  stadium for the 2008 Olympics.  Erstwhile rock and roll rebels have cleaned up their acts to placate censors or been sidelined.  Zuoxiao Zuzhou - a music producer who was banned by the government from 2011-2014 for his connection to Ai Weiwei - is one who has chosen to toe the government line.   With great difficulty,  Zuoxiao Zuzhou  has now established an image that is relatively acceptable to society,  his agent, Qin Baogui, told Reuters, declining an interview with the artist because of the sensitivity of the topic.  Cui Jian, whose 1986  Nothing to My Name  became an unofficial anthem for students demonstrating during the deadly 1989 Tiananmen protests, pulled out of a show on Chinese state television in 2014 because he was told he would not be allowed to sing the song, his manager said at the time.  On the flip side, films and music that embrace the party have benefited from state support to tap China s huge fan bases.  The overtly patriotic  Wolf Warrior 2  became China s top grossing film after its July release, helped in part by strong state media support.  Last month, U.S. organizers aiming to bring Grammy Award artists to China said they would only  promote artists with a positive and healthy image.   As for Li, he is currently working on a song in the run-up to next month s Communist Party Congress, called  A Letter to President Xi Jinping.   However, Li has not joined the party himself - though it s some distance from youthful rebellion.   It s too troublesome and complicated to write an application letter,  he said.  ",1
19148,China calls for restraint over North Korea tensions,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Monday that it hoped all sides would exercise restraint over North Korea, after U.S. President Donald Trump warned the North s foreign minister that he and leader Kim Jong Un  won t be around much longer . Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang made the comment at a daily news briefing in Beijing.  ",1
19149,New Zealand's nationalist 'kingmaker' says has not yet contacted National or Labour leaders,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said on Monday that he still had not spoken to either major party leader after his small nationalist party was left holding the balance of power in Saturday s indecisive election.  On the same day, Labour leader Jacinda Ardern confirmed she would seek to form a coalition government with NZ First, following the heels of Prime Minister Bill English who had started making overtures to Peters in an election night speech.   I think his chief of staff s talked to my chief of staff... I have yet to have a chance to talk to my colleagues,  Peters told broadcaster One News from his home in the far north. The ruling National Party won the most seats, but failed to secure enough to form government, leaving Peters kingmaker. English has said it could take weeks to form a coalition government, with the uncertainty weighing on the New Zealand dollar, which posted its biggest daily drop in over four months. Peters is a veteran maverick politician who has served as a cabinet minister in both previous National and Labour governments and also said on Sunday talks would take  two to three weeks . While Labour trailed the National Party by around 10 points, under the country s German-style proportional representation it could still form a government if it goes into coalition with the Green Party and NZ First.  My expectation is over the next couple of days to reach out but I haven t done so yet,  Ardern told reporters in Wellington, referring to Peters.  Our job now is to work with what voters delivered us which was an expectation that ...as a bloc that voted against the status quo to see if we can form a stable coalition government.  National secured 58 seats ahead of the 52 seats from the Green Party and Labour, which experienced a surge in popularity under new leader Ardern. That left both still needing NZ First s nine seats to reach the 61 seats required to form a government.  While both National and Labour are expected to adhere to fiscal prudence, they will likely differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration.  Some expect Labour s plans to cut migration and renegotiate some trade policies will hurt two key sources of growth for New Zealand s small, open economy.  There is also some concern about what NZ First will demand in return for its support. Peters has lobbied for more currency intervention by the central bank, which would weigh on the Kiwi, the world s 11th most traded currency. The currency fell 1.19 percent to $0.7254, posting it biggest daily loss since May.  We now wait to find out who is going to form a coalition with NZ First and that may take some weeks,  said Stuart Ive, dealer at OM Financial. A final tally of the results is due on Oct. 7, when  special votes , which make up 15 percent of the total and which include overseas votes, are released. English remains prime minister in the interim. ",1
19150,One week to cross a street: how IS pinned down Filipino soldiers in Marawi,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - With a grimace, Brigadier General Melquiades Ordiales of the Philippines 1st Marine Brigade recounted the painful gains made against Islamist militants in Marawi City.  It took us one week from this point to that point, to cross that street,  he said, casting his eyes to the other side of a two-lane road in the heart of the southern Philippines city, lined by three-storey buildings shattered by air strikes and the remaining walls riddled with bullet holes.  It was really very, very tough.  The grinding urban warfare that has destroyed much of the grandly named Sultan Omar Dianalan Boulevard shows just how much of a threat Islamic State is to the Philippines and potentially other countries in the Southeast Asian region.  But when the fighting started, Philippine authorities were unfazed. After the Islamic State-backed militants took over large parts of picturesque, lakeside Marawi in May, the country s defense minister, Delfin Lorenzana, predicted the entire conflict would be over in one week. Now, after four months of intense aerial bombardment and house-by-house battles, Philippine commanders believe they are in the final stages of the operation to oust the rebels from the city. In the past two weeks, military officials say they have conquered three militant bastions, including a mosque, and restricted about 60 remaining guerrillas to about 10 devastated city blocks in the business district. Patrols have been increased on the lake to prevent the supply of armaments and recruits to the holed-up militants. HIGH-POWERED WEAPONS Military officers who have skirmished for years with Islamic insurgents in the southern Philippines say the battle in Marawi has been more intense and difficult than earlier encounters.  The Islamic State militants are better armed, with high-powered weapons, night vision goggles, the latest sniper scopes and surveillance drones, said Captain Arnel Carandang,  of the Philippines Army First Scout Ranger Battalion. He said he has served for almost a decade in the remote jungles and mountains of Mindanao, the southern Philippines region that has long been wracked by insurgencies. Now, Carandang says, the military is in unfamiliar urban terrain. The militants have exploited the battlefield to their advantage and held off Philippines forces despite a 10-to-1 numerical advantage for the government troops. Borrowing heavily from Islamic State tactics in the Iraqi city of Mosul, they have surrounded themselves with hostages and used snipers and a network of tunnels. Marawi s underground drainage system and  rat holes  - crevices in the walls of high floors allowing access to adjacent buildings - have enabled the rebels to evade bombs and remain undetected, soldiers at the battlefront said.   We believe there have been some foreign terrorists that have been directing their operations that s why they are, how do I define this, really good,  said Carandang.  We have seen some cadavers of foreigners. Some are white, some are black and some tall people we guess are Asians (from outside the Philippines). We have been hearing in their transmissions some English speaking terrorists.  Hostages - many of them Christians - have been deployed to build improvised explosive devices, scavenge for food and weapons in the heat of battle and fight for the Islamist rebels, according to those who escaped.  When we were first moved to the mosque, there were more than 200 of us,  an escaped hostage, who asked not to be identified for safety reasons, told Reuters last week.  We gradually became fewer. People would go on errands but they wouldn t come back. They either escaped or died. By the time I left, there were only about 100 of us.  The account could not be verified, but military officials confirmed the man escaped from Marawi in early August. The hostage said the militants were excited by their successes in Marawi, speaking often of the advantages of urban warfare and talking about some of their next possible targets, including other cities in Mindanao and the Philippines capital Manila.  They said they could hide well in the cities. They can get civilians to become hostages and it s more difficult in the mountains with only the soldiers,  he said. Many of the fighters are young recruits, who are fanatical and accomplished fighters, the soldiers said.  By the way they move and their tactics, you can see they ve been trained,  said Colonel Jose Maria Cuerpo, deputy commander of the 103rd Brigade fighting in Marawi. For a description of how Mindanao youngsters are recruited by militants, click on [nL3N1KB1Z5] Much of this bloodshed could have been avoided, local political leaders told Reuters. Naguib Sinarimbo, a Muslim leader who has negotiated between the military and Islamic separatists for years, said he and other elders had urged the armed forces to allow militias and rival Islamist groups to take the lead in ousting the Islamic State militants. The groups were familiar with Marawi s terrain and, through family and clan links, could influence many of the fighters to lay down their weapons, they told the armed forces.  The proposal was rebuffed, Sinarimbo said. Air power, the military assured them, was the path to a quick win. Zia Alonto Adiong, a provincial politician, said the military also had doubts about the loyalty of some of the  political personalities  offering to provide their militias to push out the fighters. The result was a city in ruins, hundreds of thousands of residents displaced and  emboldened  Islamists, Sinarimbo said.  They proceeded with the aerial bombing but they didn t take the city,  Sinarimbo said.  The military lost authority.  In addition, the devastation of the city will play into  militants  hands, creating resentment and further radicalising many youngsters, he said. Marawi residents in evacuation centers or staying with relatives elsewhere are becoming increasingly frustrated, said Adiong, who is a spokesman for the local government s crisis management authority. Some residents were disappointed and angry that requests for a moratorium on bank loan repayments had not been met, he told Reuters.  Philippines central bank governor Nestor Espenilla told Reuters legislation would be needed for a debt moratorium and was being studied. Mindanao has long been marred by the decades of Muslim hostility to rule from Manila. After years fighting insurgent groups and then long negotiations, the government signed an agreement in 2014 to give Muslim majority areas in Mindanao autonomy. But the deal has been long delayed.    This part of the Philippines is fertile ground to plant violent extremism,  Adiong said.  There is a narrative of social injustice that is strong. Young people are fed up with the peace process and nothing concrete or sustainable has developed.   [The militants] use this as the basis to entice people, to get support of the local people.  In Marawi, some in the armed forces are hopeful that at least some militants will surrender and hand over between 45 to 50 civilian captives. Carandang, the Scout Rangers captain, however said indications were the rebels are preparing for a bloody final stand.  We are monitoring the enemy s transmissions and it s like during these final days they are being more fanatical,  he said.  Transmissions indicate they are preparing for suicide bombings.  An unused suicide vest was discovered this month in Marawi s Grand Mosque, a former stronghold of the militants, government sources told Reuters. Suicide attacks are rare in the Philippines despite decades of Islamist insurgency.  That s the difference between here and Syria and Iraq,  said Ordiales, the marine general.  It s almost the same war tactics and fighting tactics, the one thing that s not the same is the human bomb or the suicide bombing.   It hasn t happened, not yet.  ",1
19151,Cambodia's opposition puts out banners calling for leader's release,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s main opposition party on Monday put up banners around the country calling for the release of its detained leader Kem Sokha in a challenge to the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen, which has accused him of treason. Kem Sokha, the leader of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), was arrested on September 3 and charged with plotting against the state. Western countries and human rights groups have condemned the arrest and said it raises severe doubt over whether next year s general election can be fair. In the ballot, Hun Sen could face his greatest electoral test of more than three decades in power. The party s banners, which have a picture of Kem Sokha waving from a vehicle during the last election campaign in 2013, called for the leader s  immediate and unconditional release.  Hun Sen has said the opposition must drop Kem Sokha and choose a new leader or face a total ban.  We will put up the banners, not just here, but we will put up banners at our branches in provinces,  said Pol Ham, a deputy leader of the party. Son Chhay, another senior member of the party, said the crisis was worsening and talks were needed to resolve it. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video recorded in 2013 in which he discusses a strategy to win power with the help of U.S. experts.  Hun Sen says his rival was getting help from the United States. The U.S. embassy has rejected any suggestion of interference in politics. Government spokesman Phay Siphan said the opposition party s banners amounted to pressure on the court and an attempt to interfere with its work.  This is unacceptable,  he said. A court is scheduled to hold a hearing to determine the legality of Kem Sokha s detention on Tuesday. ",1
19152,Chinese graft suspect returns from U.S. to surrender,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese corruption suspect who was on the country s list of 100 most wanted overseas fugitives has returned to China from the United States after giving himself up, the anti-graft watchdog said on Monday. Xu Xuewei, who ran a technology company in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu, fled to the United States in late 2012 after being suspected of contract fraud, according to the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. Xu returned to China to give himself up  under the influence of policy and legal deterrence , the commission said, without elaborating. It was not immediately possible to reach Xu, his family, or a legal representative for comment. Separately, the commission played a short interview with another corruption suspect, former Beijing driving school headmaster Liu Changkai, who turned himself in last month and had been on the run in the United States since 1999 having been wanted for fraud. Against a background of downbeat music, Liu described his loneliness at having had to live on the lam.  Living overseas wasn t too difficult, but it was very lonely. It was like being in jail,  Liu said. It was also not possible to reach Liu or a representative for comment. As part of President Xi Jinping s vigorous anti-corruption campaign, China has pursued an overseas search dubbed Operation Fox Hunt for corrupt officials and business executives who have fled abroad with their assets. In April 2015, Chinese authorities published a list of 100  most-wanted  suspects it believes to be hiding overseas, many living in the United States, Canada and Australia. Xu is the 46th person on the list to have returned to China since the operation was launched, the commission said in a statement on its website. Liu was the 19th person on the list. Many Western countries, however, have been reluctant to help, or to sign extradition treaties, unwilling to send people back to a country where rights groups say mistreatment of criminal suspects remains a problem. They also complain China is often unwilling to provide proof of the crimes that would be acceptable to a Western court. ",1
19153,U.N. medics see evidence of rape in Myanmar army 'cleansing' campaign,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Doctors treating some of the 429,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh from Myanmar in recent weeks have seen dozens of women with injuries consistent with violent sexual attacks, U.N. clinicians and other health workers said. The medics  accounts, backed in some cases by medical notes reviewed by Reuters, lend weight to repeated allegations, ranging from molestation to gang rape, leveled by women from the stateless minority group against Myanmar s armed forces.  Myanmar officials have mostly dismissed such allegations as militant propaganda designed to defame its military, which they say is engaged in legitimate counterinsurgency operations and under orders to protect civilians.  Zaw Htay, spokesman for Myanmar s de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi, said the authorities would investigate any allegations brought to them.  Those rape victim women should come to us,  he said.  We will give full security to them. We will investigate and we will take action.   Suu Kyi herself has not commented on the numerous allegations of sexual assault committed by the military against Rohingya women made public since late last year.      Violence erupted in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state following attacks on security forces by Rohingya militants last October. Further attacks on Aug. 25 provoked a renewed military offensive the United Nations has called  ethnic cleansing . Reuters spoke with eight health and protection workers in Bangladesh s Cox s Bazar district who between them said they had treated more than 25 individual rape cases since late August. The medics say they do not attempt to establish definitively what happened to their patients, but have seen an unmistakeable pattern in the stories and physical symptoms of dozens of women, who invariably say Myanmar soldiers were the perpetrators. It is rare for U.N. doctors and aid agencies to speak about rape allegedly committed by a state s armed forces, given the sensitivity of the matter. Doctors at a clinic run by the U.N s International Organization for Migration (IOM) at the Leda makeshift refugee say they treated hundreds of women with injuries they said were from violent sexual assaults during the army operation in October and November. There have been fewer rapes reported among the influx of refugees since August, said Dr. Niranta Kumar, the clinic s health coordinator, but those they have seen have injuries suggesting  more aggressive  attacks on women. Several health workers suggested that, whereas in October many women had initially remained in their villages believing the army sweeps were only targeting Rohingya men, this time most had fled at the first sign of military activity. Doctors at the Leda clinic showed a Reuters reporter three case files, without divulging the identity of the patients. One said a 20-year-old woman was treated on Sept. 10, seven days after she said she was raped by a soldier in Myanmar. Handwritten notes say she said soldiers had  pulled her hair  and a  gun used to beat her  before raping her. Examinations often find injuries suggesting forced penetration, beating and even what looked like intentional cutting of the genitals, doctors said.  We found skin marks, it showed a very forceful attack, an inhuman attack,  said IOM medical officer Dr Tasnuba Nourin. She had seen incidents of vaginal tearing, bite marks and signs that seemed to show a firearm was used to penetrate women, she said. Among the new influx of Rohingya she had treated at least five women who appeared to have been recently raped, she said, adding that in each case the physical injuries observed were consistent with the patient s account of what had happened. At Bangladesh government clinics supported by U.N. agencies in the Ukhia area, doctors reported treating 19 women who had been raped, said Dr. Misbah Uddin Ahmed, head of the main health complex there, citing reports from female clinicians.  The evidence included bite marks, tearing of the vagina, these sorts of things,  he said. In one day alone, Sept. 14, six women showed up at one of the clinics, all saying they were sexually assaulted.  They all said Myanmar army had done this.  An IOM doctor who asked not to be identified, working at one of those clinics near the Kutapalong refugee camp, said a woman who crossed from Myanmar in late August said she was raped by at least seven soldiers.  She was extremely weak and traumatized and said she struggled to make it to the clinic,  the doctor said.  She had a laceration on the vagina.  The doctor treated 15 of the 19 cases of women who appeared to have been raped, and another eight women who had been physically assaulted. Some were given emergency contraceptives, and all were given treatment to reduce the risk of contracting HIV and jabs against hepatitis. Symptoms included bite marks over the arms and back, tearing and laceration on the vagina and vaginal bleeding, the doctor said. Internal reports compiled by aid agencies in Cox s Bazar recorded that 49  SGBV survivors  were identified in just four days between Aug. 28-31. SGBV, or sexual and gender-based violence is used to refer to only cases of rape, according to U.N. doctors. Data for reported rape cases was not available for other dates. A situation report from aid agencies says more than 350 people had been referred for  life-saving care  relating to gender-based violence - a broad term that includes rape, attempted rape and molestation, as well as emotional abuse and denial of resources based on gender - since Aug. 25. It did not refer to the perpetrators. Kate White, emergency medical coordinator for M decins Sans Fronti res (MSF) in Cox s Bazar said the charity had treated at least 23 cases of sexual and gender-based violence including gang-rape and sexual assault since Aug. 25.  This is a fraction of the cases that are likely to be out there,  she said.  Reuters first reported allegations of mass rape of Rohingya women within days of militant attacks in northern Rakhine in October. The same reports were also heard by U.N. investigators who visited Bangladesh in January.  A report of the U.N. Secretary General in April said the sexual assaults were  apparently employed systematically to humiliate and terrorize their community . Before her rise to power last year Suu Kyi had spoken of rape being used as a tool of division in the country s myriad ethnic conflicts.   It is used as a weapon by armed forces to intimidate the ethnic nationalities and to divide our country, this is how I see it,  she said in 2011 in a video message to a conference on sexual violence in conflict. Her spokesman Zaw Htay said there was  nothing to say  when asked if her view had changed since then.  Everything should be according to the rule of law,  he said.  The military leaders also have said they will take action.  ",1
19154,Myanmar says bodies of 28 Hindu villagers found in Rakhine State,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar government forces found on Sunday the bodies of 28 Hindu villagers who authorities suspected were killed by Muslim insurgents last month, at the beginning of a spasm of violence that has sent 430,000 Muslim Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) insurgent group denied killing the Hindus saying it did not attack civilians. The latest violence in western Myanmar s Rakhine State began on Aug. 25 when ARSA militants attacked about 30 police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. The United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing a sweeping government offensive in the north of Rakhine State in response to those attacks.  The government of Buddhist-majority Myanmar has said more than 400 people have been killed, most of them insurgents. It rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing, saying it is fighting  terrorists. Members of the small Hindu minority appear to have been caught in the middle. Some have fled to Bangladesh, complaining of violence against them by soldiers or Buddhist vigilantes. Others have complained of being attacked by the insurgents on suspicion of being government spies. The government said a search was mounted near Ye Baw Kya village in the north of Rakhine State after a refugee in Bangladesh contacted a Hindu community leader in Myanmar. The refugee said about 300 ARSA militants had marched about 100 people out of the village on Aug. 25 and killed them.  Twenty of the dead were female and eight were male children,  the government said.  They forced eight female villagers to convert to the Islamic religion and took them to Bangladesh,  the government said. A government spokesman, Zaw Htay, said the security forces were investigating. Access to the area by journalists as well as human rights workers and aid workers is largely restricted and Reuters could not independently verify the report. An ARSA spokesman said he believed Buddhist nationalists trying to divide Hindus and Muslims were behind the  lies  that ARSA militants had killed the villagers.  ARSA has internationally pledged not to target civilians and that remains unchanged no matter what,  the spokesman, who is based in a neighboring country and identified himself only as Abdullah, told Reuters through a messaging service. The violence in Rakhine State and the exodus of refugees is the biggest crisis the government of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year as part of a transition away from nearly 50 years of harsh military rule. Bangladesh and aid organizations are struggling to help the Rohingya refugees there, while aid agencies fear a humanitarian crisis is unfolding in the north of Rakhine State, where rights groups say nearly half of all Muslim villages have been torched. The United States and the United Nations have called for an end to the violence, unfettered humanitarian access to the conflict zone and for the right of those who have fled to go home safely.      Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of international criticism for not speaking out more forcefully against the violence or doing more to rein in security forces over which she has little power. The chairman of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), of which Myanmar is a member, issued a statement urging all parties to avoid worsening the situation on the ground and calling for a  viable and long-term solutions to the root causes of the conflict . Muslim-majority Indonesia and Malaysia have expressed concern about the situation, with Malaysia in particular being critical of Myanmar. In a rare show of disagreement in the 10-member grouping, Foreign Minister Anifah Aman later said Malaysia disassociated itself from the statement as it misrepresented the  reality of the situation  and did not identify the Rohingya as one of the affected communities. Myanmar objects to the term Rohingya, saying the Muslims of Rakhine State are not a distinct ethnic group but illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  This month, Malaysia summoned Myanmar s ambassador to express displeasure over the violence in Myanmar. It also  expressed grave concerns over such atrocities which have unleashed a full-scale humanitarian crisis .   ",1
19155,Mexicans turn to church as earthquake death toll hits 320,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexicans packed churches on Sunday to pray for the victims of the country s deadliest quake in 32 years as rescue teams searched against the odds for any survivors trapped under rubble since Tuesday s tremor shook Mexico City and nearby states. As another aftershock jolted southwestern Mexico on Sunday, the death toll from Tuesday s 7.1 magnitude earthquake climbed to 320 people. With thousands of buildings damaged, survivors slept on the street outside their homes and estimates of the cost of the earthquake ran as high as $8 billion. Many have been traumatized by the second major quake to strike Mexico City in their lifetime after a devastating 1985 tremor killed an estimated 10,000 people. In the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, the national shrine of the majority Roman Catholic country, thousands of people gathered to pray.   I came to ask God for strength for those who lost loved ones and for the Virgin to watch over us and keep us safe,  said 69-year-old Maria Gema Ortiz.  Thanks to all those who came from other countries to help. Thanks to all and long live Mexico!  Makeshift places of worship have popped up next to the crumbling cement and mangled steel of collapsed buildings in the deeply religious country. In upscale Roma, one of the hardest-hit neighborhoods of the capital, a priest led mass for nearly two dozen people under a blue tarp while a nun handed out small cards with an image of the Virgin of Guadalupe, who according to the Catholic faith first appeared to an Aztec convert in 1531. More than 44,000 public schools in six states were due to reopen on Monday, but only 103 of the 4,000 public schools in Mexico City would open so as not to impede rescue and relief efforts. In addition, the National Autonomous University of Mexico, with 350,000 students at campuses in and around Mexico City, will resume classes on Monday. Like many Mexicans, 36-year-old Claudia Avila was determined to return to some semblance of normality.  We are afraid, but life must go on,  said Avila, whose sons are 9 and 16.  Tomorrow I will take my children back to school. They know that if something happens, they must protect themselves. It has been a rude awakening.  Rescuers narrowed their search to a handful of buildings in the sprawling metropolitan area of 20 million people, using advanced audio equipment to detect signs of life beneath tonnes of rubble, with help from teams from as far afield as Israel and Japan.  The search and rescue in Mexico City continues as a priority, with cooperation from national and international groups,  tweeted Miguel Angel Mancera, Mexico City s mayor. The search for survivors continued in a ruined office building in the Roma neighborhood and in a five-story apartment building in historic Tlalpan. Authorities called off efforts in the upper-middle class Linda Vista zone after pulling 10 bodies from the rubble, while work at the Tlalpan building was briefly halted on Saturday by a magnitude 6.2 aftershock. Roberto Hernandez, 62, leading a group of Mexico s famed  mole  rescue workers at the collapsed office building in Roma, said he believed 30 people were trapped in the rubble, though it was not clear how many were sill alive.  We can t guarantee there is life but we can guarantee we ll turn over every last stone,  Hernandez said.     Tuesday s quake, which flattened dozens of structures in Mexico City, was the second major earthquake to strike the country of 127 million people this month.  A massive 8.1 magnitude quake on Sept. 7 off the southwestern coast of Mexico killed around 100 people, most of them in the nearby states of Oaxaca and Chiapas. A series of aftershocks since then have sown panic. The latest tremor, of 5.7 magnitude, struck on Sunday off the west coast, with its epicenter 80 km (50 miles) south-southwest of Tonala, in Chiapas, the U.S. Geological Survey said. There were no immediate reports of significant damage. Many more quakes are likely, warned Xyoli Perez Campos, director of Mexico s National Seismological Service.  We have already recorded more than 4,300 aftershocks,  Campos said.  So more aftershocks are to come. What we don t know is if they are going to be of significant magnitude.   President Enrique Pena Nieto visited 12 communities in Mexico state, which borders the capital city, promising that aid would be directed only to those truly affected by the quake and that the government would help rebuild homes and businesses.  I am publicly promising that ... the affected homes, the families affected and the people in the whole of Joquicingo and the state of Mexico, get back on their feet,  he said from that town. ",1
19156,New Zealand Labour leader says will reach out to NZ First in next couple of days,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern said on Monday she expected to reach out in the next couple of days to Winston Peters, the leader of the nationalist New Zealand First party that has emerged as the kingmaker after a general election.  While Labour trailed the ruling National party by around 10 points in the election results, it may still be able to form a government if it goes into a coalition with the Green Party, with which it has a working agreement, and Peters  nationalist party New Zealand First. Ardern said Labour shared values with New Zealand First and that they would now have to see if they could form a stable government. ",1
19157,Supreme Court has option to duck travel ban ruling,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration s announcement on Sunday that it is issuing new travel restrictions on people entering the United States from eight countries could lead to an upcoming Supreme Court case on its previous more controversial ban ending in a whimper rather than a bang. The new presidential proclamation set restrictions on citizens from eight countries and is set to go into effect on Oct. 18, eight days after the court is due to hear oral arguments over the legality of Trump s earlier ban. The Trump administration on Sunday night asked the high court to considering hearing new briefing on the case before the oral argument to address  the effects of the proclamation on the issues currently pending before the court in these cases.  Now the nine-justice court could skip deciding the case altogether, legal experts said. The March 6 order under Supreme Court review banned travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and limited refugee admissions. Challengers say the order discriminated against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution. A decision on that issue would be consequential not just for Trump but also future presidents who would be bound by it. But with the challenged policy no longer on the books, the court has various options to resolve the dispute without issuing a ruling. The 90-day travel ban, which covered Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, ran until Sunday. The 120-day refugee ban expires on Oct. 24. Even before Trump s latest announcement, experienced Supreme Court lawyers and immigration law experts had expressed doubts about whether the nine justices would want to issue a decisive ruling, in part because of a desire to stay out of such a contentious issue.      If the court can avoid entering into the fray, that may be appealing to them,  said Anil Kalhan, an immigration law professor at Drexel University School of Law. With the travel restrictions expiring, the court has an easy way out because it could simply say that the case is no longer a live issue and therefore, in legal parlance, moot. The Supreme Court has already intervened three times since March in limiting the scope of lower court rulings that struck down the March order. Its most significant act came in June when it allowed both bans to go into effect in a limited fashion. The unsigned decision suggested that the court s four liberals and two of its conservative majority, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy, were keen on a compromise. Three other conservatives, including Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch, said both bans should have been allowed to go into effect in full. The Trump administration has yet to say what it would prefer the court to do, but former Justice Department lawyers say it is likely to request that if the court does dismiss the case, it also throws out the lower court rulings that struck the bans down. The benefit for the administration is that it would wipe out those precedents, including the broad decision by the Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that said the order discriminated against Muslims. The decision cited Trump s campaign statements in concluding that the order was motivated by anti-Muslim bias. The Trump administration says the order was needed for national security reasons.  It s certainly in the government s interest to get the adverse ... opinions off the books because those decisions constrain executive authority,  said Washington lawyer Pratik Shah, who previously worked at the Justice Department. The March order took effect on June 26, following a Supreme Court ruling that narrowed the scope of lower court rulings. Litigation continued over the summer on who exactly was covered by the bans, culminating in a Supreme Court decision on Sept. 12 that allowed Trump to enforce the refugee ban broadly but kept lower court restrictions that prevent close family members from being denied entry. The March 6 order was itself Trump s second attempt to impose a travel ban after his original, much broader Jan. 27 plan was blocked by lower court following turmoil at U.S. airports caused by its abrupt rollout.     (THis version of the story has been refiled to change date in dateline) ",1
19158,"As Germans clip Merkel's wings, Brussels braces for turbulence","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Cheers from Angela Merkel s conservative allies in Brussels at her re-election on Sunday belie wider unease at how the German chancellor will deal with an awkward new coalition and a surge in support for the far-right.  With Angela Merkel, Germany remains the strong and reliable partner in Europe,  tweeted Manfred Weber, a Merkel ally who leads the biggest party bloc in the European Parliament. But one source in the European People s Party saw trouble ahead in her need to replace her battered Social Democrat  grand coalition  partners with an alliance of both the left-leaning Greens and the resurgent, economically hawkish liberals of the FDP.  Things worked very smoothly with the socialists,  the EPP source said.  Now, you don t know what s going to happen.  The broad expectation is for a  Jamaica  coalition   the country s flag comprises the three parties  colors. Martin Selmayr, German chief-of-staff to European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, sent a tweet consisting only of three flags: Jamaica s green, yellow and black flanked by two blue EU banners   a reflection of hope in Brussels of continued EU commitment from Berlin that some fear may now be problematic. One casualty of Merkel s weakness may be a rapid move to deepen integration of the euro zone along lines that new French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to outline on Tuesday. Those plans, as with reform proposals floated this month by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, may run into increased scepticism in Berlin, where many are wary of what they see as more demands for German bailouts of states like Greece. Resistance may come both from Merkel s Christian Democrats, spooked by the surge on their right flank, where Alternative for Germany (AfD) entered parliament as the third biggest party, and from the Free Democrats (FDP), whose leader Christian Lindner ruled out Germany contributing to a shared euro zone budget. The liberal leader in the European Parliament, committed federalist and former Belgian premier Guy Verhofstadt, said he hoped for a  pro-European  coalition to push EU integration. The FDP leader in the EU legislature, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, said it was  an open-minded, pro-European party . The European Greens  German co-chair Reinhard Butikofer said his party wanted to strengthen the European Union,  making use of the window of opportunity that exists ... between Paris, Brussels and Berlin . He was referring to a keynote speech by Juncker 10 days ago in which the EU chief executive said anti-EU populists were in retreat and called for deeper EU integration. But Guntram Wolff, the German director of the Brussels think-tank Bruegel, questioned Juncker s thinking. He forecast a rightward shift in Germany due to the AfD and resistance from the FDP that would stymie Macron and Juncker s grand visions.  Populism definitely not dead,  Wolff tweeted.  Juncker speech completely miscalculated the situation.  ",1
19159,German vote could doom Merkel-Macron deal on Europe,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Weakened by the worst result for her party since 1949 and facing a more fractious political landscape at home, Germany s Angela Merkel could be forced to rein in plans to re-shape Europe together with France s Emmanuel Macron.  Merkel s conservatives garnered more support than any other party in the German election on Sunday, projections showed, ensuring that she will return for a fourth term as chancellor.  But her party appeared on track for its poorest performance since the first German election after World War Two and its only path to power may be through an unwieldy, untested three-way coalition with the ecologist Greens and liberal Free Democrats (FDP), fierce critics of Macron s ideas for Europe. Over the next four years, Merkel will also have to cope with a more confrontational opposition force in the Alternative for Germany (AfD), a eurosceptic, anti-immigration party that rode a wave of public anger after her decision to open Germany s borders to hundreds of thousands of migrants in 2015. The AfD was on track to win over 13 percent, above what polls had predicted. They will become the first far-right party to enter the German parliament since the 1950s. This will be a new world for Merkel, who has grown accustomed to cozy coalitions and toothless Bundestag opposition  during her 12 years in power.   In my mind, reform of the euro zone is the single most important foreign policy issue that the new government has in front of it,  said Thomas Kleine-Brockhoff, who runs the Berlin office of the German Marshall Fund. But he predicted a so-called  Jamaica  coalition between Merkel s conservatives, the FDP and the Greens - whose combined party colors of black, yellow and green are like those the Jamaican national flag - would struggle to deliver.  Whereas the Greens said on Sunday night that a  stronger Europe  was a priority for the party, the FDP is averse to further steps to integrate policies at European level.  It would be the party of no, the party of yes and an incrementalist chancellor. Those are not ideal conditions for a Franco-German grand bargain,  he said. Macron ran for the French presidency on a pledge to  relaunch  Europe, in tandem with Germany, after years of economic and financial crisis and the new shock dealt by Britain s vote last year to leave the bloc. He is due to flesh out his ideas in a speech at the Sorbonne University in Paris on Tuesday. Macron has called for a finance minister and budget for the single currency bloc, ideas that Merkel has tentatively supported even though scepticism in her own party runs high. But with the FDP as a partner and the AfD pushing back loudly in parliament, the prospect of selling deeper European integration to her new coalition and the wider public looks far more challenging. In its election program, the FDP called for a phasing out of Europe s ESM bailout fund and changes to EU treaties that would allow countries to leave the euro zone. Its young leader Christian Lindner openly called for Greece to return to the drachma during the campaign.  On Europe, the FDP is not so far from the AfD on some issues. If all of their ideas were implemented we would be plunged back into a euro zone crisis,  Franziska Brantner, a Greens lawmaker, told Reuters. The FDP would not be the only difficult ally in Merkel s coalition. The AfD s strong performance could push her Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU)   already a thorn in her side during the refugee crisis   further to the right ahead of an election next year in its home state. Winning back voters who fled to the AfD could become one of the main priorities for Merkel s conservative bloc over the coming four years. That would mean tougher stances on migration and on Europe. Even before the election, officials close to Merkel were playing down the urgency of a reform of the euro zone, describing efforts to secure Europe s borders and agree a fair distribution of refugees across the bloc as higher priorities.  A second refugee crisis would be more devastating to Europe than a second euro zone crisis,  a senior German official told Reuters last month. These officials point to the strengthening of the European economy and suggest that Macron was elected despite rather than because of his grand plans for the euro zone. A Bertelsmann Foundation survey last year showed just 41 percent of French believe Europe needs more political and economic integration, 10 points below the EU average. The survey also showed that Germans and French are the most skeptical toward Macron s ideas for a European finance minister and dedicated euro zone budget. Only 31 percent of French and 39 percent of Germans thought a euro zone budget should be used to support economically weaker states, as Macron suggests. ",1
19160,"Kurds stick with independence vote, 'never going back to Baghdad': Barzani","ERBIL, Iraq/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurds will go ahead with a referendum on independence on Monday because their partnership with Baghdad has failed, Kurdistan Regional Government President Massoud Barzani said on Sunday, shrugging off international opposition to the vote. In response, the Iraqi government asked the autonomous Kurdish region to hand over control of its international border posts, its international airports and called on foreign countries to stop importing Kurdish crude oil. It asked  the neighboring countries and the countries of the world to deal exclusively with the federal government of Iraq in regards to entry posts and oil,   according to a statement from Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office. The United States and other Western powers have urged Kurdish authorities in the oil producing region to cancel the vote, arguing that it distracts from the fight against Islamic State. Turkey and Iran have also kept up the pressure to stop the vote, with presidents Tayyip Erdogan and Hassan Rouhani speaking by phone and expressing concern that it will  bring chaos in the region , according to Erdogan s office. Barzani, at a news conference at his headquarters near Erbil, dismissed the worries of Iraq s neighbors, committing to respect laws on international boundaries and not seek to redraw the region s borders.  We will never go back to the failed partnership  with Baghdad, he said, adding Iraq had become a  theocratic, sectarian state  and not the democratic one that was supposed to be built after the 2003 overthrow of Saddam Hussein. The vote, expected to result in a comfortable  yes  to  independence, is not binding and is meant to give the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) a mandate to negotiate secession with Baghdad and the neighboring countries. Barzani said Iraq s Kurds would seek talks with the Shi ite-led central government to implement the expected  yes  outcome, even if they take two years or more, to settle land and oil sharing disputes ahead of independence. Abadi s government in Iraq regards the referendum as anti-constitutional and in a televised address on Sunday he said it  could lead to ethnic divisions, exposing (the Iraqis) to disastrous dangers that only God knows.  Earlier, Iranian authorities stopped air traffic to Iraqi Kurdistan s international airports at Erbil and Sulaimaniya in response to a request from Baghdad, Fars News Agency said.      Iran also started war games at the Kurdish border. Speaking by telephone with Abadi, Iran s Rouhani voiced support for Iraq s national unity and territorial integrity, the state news agency IRNA reported.  Iran fully supports Iraq s central government,  Rouhani was quoted as telling Abadi. On Saturday, Turkey s parliament voted to extend by a year a mandate authorizing the deployment of Turkish troops in Iraq and Syria. Turkey has also vowed political, economic and security steps without specifying what they are, but Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim reinforced the message on Sunday. Turkey is the transit route of all crude exported by the landlocked Kurdistan region of Iraq.  Turkey will never ever tolerate any status change or any new formations on its southern borders,  he said in a speech in the capital Ankara.  The KRG will be primarily responsible for the probable developments after this referendum.  But Barzani said Ankara  won t benefit  economically should it close the border with Iraqi Kurdistan.  Tehran and Ankara fear the spread of separatism to their own Kurds. Iran also supports Shi ite groups who have been ruling or holding key security and government positions in Iraq since the U.S-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein. Barzani said Kurds will  keep extending their hand  to Iran and Turkey, even if they do not reciprocate. He said he recently met in the Kurdish region Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commander Qassem Soleimani, who came to convince him to delay the vote. The KRG has resisted calls to delay the referendum by the United Nations, the United States and Britain who fear it could     lead to unrest in disputed areas like multi-ethnic oil-rich Kirkuk, as well as distracting from the war on Islamic State. But the Iraqi Kurds say the vote acknowledges their crucial contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army in 2014 and seized control of a third of Iraq. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters who control Kirkuk were given instructions not to respond to any provocation meant to disrupt the vote, but they will defend the region if attacked from outside, he said. The U.S. embassy in Iraq warned its citizens that there might be unrest during the referendum, especially in disputed areas like Kirkuk, also claimed by the Iraqi central government. The Iranian military drills, part of annual events held in Iran to mark the beginning of the 1980-1988 war with Iraq, were launched in the Oshnavieh border region, according to Iranian State broadcaster IRIB. Turkey s military said on Sunday its aircraft launched strikes against Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq s Gara region on Saturday after spotting militants preparing to attack Turkish military outposts on the border. ",1
19161,Ethnically divided Iraqi town fears fresh conflict after Kurds' independence vote,"TUZ KHURMATU, Iraq (Reuters) - On the eve of the historic referendum on independence, Kurds across the region were celebrating. Young people honked their horns and shot celebratory gunfire into the air of major cities.   But not in Tuz Khurmatu, an Iraqi town of more than 100,000 that is violently split among Kurds and Shi ite Turkmen, who oppose Monday s referendum.   I hope the referendum will be canceled,  said Luay, a Turkman shopkeeper in Tuz.  If they don t, the Kurds will take over by force and there won t be any Turkmen or Arabs left.  The town is part of the disputed territories, ethnically mixed areas in northern Iraq claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish government in the north. Each side has tried to consolidate their power over the town since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003.   Kurdish officials have insisted throughout the referendum campaign that all residents of the disputed territories   including Kurds, Arabs, Turkmen and other minorities   would be allowed to vote.  However, by Sunday afternoon, the ballot boxes had yet to be distributed throughout the rundown town, which local Kurdish officials attributed to a lack of security forces able to help deploy them safely.  Plans had been made to have polling stations in all neighborhoods, said Arslan Ali, a local representative of Barzani s Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which has been pushing for the referendum.  We will make it happen,  Ali said. This was unlikely, since Tuz Khurmatu is unmistakably split: while Kurdish Peshmerga forces control a Kurdish half, Iran-backed Shi ite paramilitary groups (PMF) control the Turkmen neighborhoods.   We will not let them approach the Turkmen areas,  said Mohammed Mahdi al-Bayati, a senior leader in the Badr Organization, the preeminent PMF force in the area.  They want to seize the disputed territories, but we will not let them.   A decision by Kurdish President Massoud Barzani to include these ethnically mixed areas in the plebiscite was widely interpreted as a unilateral move to consolidate Kurdish control.  When Islamic State militants overran about one third of Iraq in 2014, the Kurds seized the moment and took over vast areas in northern Iraq, left vulnerable by a fleeing Iraqi army. Peshmerga fighters moved deeper into the disputed territories, including Tuz Khurmatu, which they defended against the militants. But this ignited the Shi ite Turkmen s fears of being subjected to Kurdish rule. Though PMF-led Turkmen worked together to push Islamic State militants out of Tuz Khurmatu, ultimately the fragile coalition fell apart and led to open hostilities.  The referendum will be the start of a crisis in the disputed territories,  al-Bayati said, at a his organization s base in Tuz Khurmatu, where it has been based since 2014. Asked whether his forces would move to prevent such a crisis, al-Bayati made only veiled reference to looming violence:  There will be conflict for sure within 24 hours of the referendum.  Walking through the Turkmen neighborhood of Aksu, solid-black flags flutter alongside banners with Shi ite iconography, a reminder of the somber month of Muharram. The area used to house the main market, where both ethnic groups used to trade. It is now encased in blast walls and guarded by PMF fighters. According to Turkmen residents and shopkeepers, Kurdish shops and houses were burned down, forcing Kurds to move out.  I used to like that it was mixed neighborhood,  said Luay, the Turkman shopkeeper.  But then the Kurds killed my brother on this street.  A five-minute drive away is the rival Kurdish market, where tricolour Kurdish flags were flying high. It was established by Kurds afraid of the old market.   I used to have lots of Turkmen and Arab friends,  said Shalaw, a Kurdish toyshop owner.  Many of the Turkmen have since joined (the PMF), and I m afraid to cross the city border to go and see them. I ll be killed.  Like other Kurds interviewed in the market in al-Jumhuriyah, Shalaw lamented Tuz Khurmatu s split, which he blamed on the PMF s arrival. But he said he will vote for independence on Monday.  Badr leader Al-Bayati cynically said the referendum suited his group s interests.  Iraq is against the Kurds, so are the Turks, the Iranians, the whole Arab region and Europe. They are going to live in a cage.  ",1
19162,U.S. air strikes kill 17 Islamic State militants in Libya: U.S. military,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Six U.S. air strikes on an Islamic State desert camp in Libya killed 17 militants and destroyed three vehicles, the U.S. military said on Sunday, the first American strikes in Libya since President Donald Trump took office in January.  U.S. Africa Command said in a statement that strikes on Friday targeted a camp 150 miles (240 km) southeast of Sirte, a city that was once the Islamic State stronghold in Libya. The camp was used to move fighters in and out of Libya, plot attacks and store weapons, the statement said.  ISIS and al-Qaeda have taken advantage of ungoverned spaces in Libya to establish sanctuaries for plotting, inspiring and directing terror attacks,  the statement said, using an acronym for Islamic State. A U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the strikes were carried out by armed drones. The last-known U.S. strike in Libya was on Jan. 19, a day before Trump s inauguration, when more than 80 Islamic State militants, some believed to be plotting attacks in Europe, died in U.S. air strikes on camps outside Sirte. That strike was led by two B-2 bombers, which dropped about 100 precision-guided munitions on the camps. Islamic State took over Sirte in early 2015, turning it into its most important base outside the Middle East and attracting large numbers of foreign fighters to the city. The group imposed its hard-line rule on residents and extended its control along about 155 miles (250 km) of Libya s Mediterranean coastline. But it struggled to keep a footing elsewhere in Libya and was forced out of Sirte by last December after a six-month campaign led by brigades from the western city of Misrata and backed by U.S. air strikes. Islamic State militants have shifted to desert valleys and inland hills southeast of Tripoli as they seek to exploit Libya s political divisions after their defeat in Sirte. The statement said the strikes were carried out in coordination with Libya s Government of National Accord. The United Nations launched a road map on Wednesday for a renewed international effort to break a political stalemate in Libya and end the turmoil that followed the country s 2011 uprising. The U.N.-backed Government of National Accord  established under a December 2015 deal never fully materialized in Tripoli, leaving Libya with three competing governments aligned with rival armed alliances. ",1
19163,Macron says pursuing cooperation with Merkel that is vital for Europe,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Sunday he called German Chancellor Angela Merkel to congratulate her on winning a fourth term in office and said France and Germany would forge ahead with their cooperation.  I called Angela Merkel to congratulate her. We continue with determination our vital cooperation for Europe and for our countries,  Macron tweeted. Macron ran for the French presidency on a pledge to  relaunch  Europe, in tandem with Germany, after years of economic and financial crisis and the new shock dealt by Britain s vote last year to leave the bloc. Merkel s conservatives beat their rivals to win her a fourth term in an election that will also bring a far-right party into Germany s parliament for the first time in more than half a century, exit polls showed. ",1
19164,"Incensed over refugees, east Germans punish easterner Merkel","BERLIN (Reuters) - For weeks, Chancellor Angela Merkel endured taunts and whistles whenever she ventured out on the campaign trail in her home region of eastern Germany. And on Sunday, it was voters in the east, incensed by her decision to allow hundreds of thousands of refugees into the country, that helped send her conservatives to their worst result since 1949 and vaulted a far-right party into the German parliament. Preliminary results showed the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) winning 22.9 percent of the vote in the former communist east, well above their national result of roughly 13 percent. The AfD performed especially well with east German men, 26 percent of whom backed the party. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) scored 27.6 percent   well below their national result of nearly 33 percent   in the five states that became part of a reunified Germany in 1990. Merkel did secure a fourth term on Sunday, but she limped to the finish line and must now cobble together an unwieldy coalition with two other parties   the business friendly Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens   that have diametrically opposed views on many of the big issues. The result suggested that pollsters may have underestimated the lingering impact of the refugee crisis in the election and the outsized influence it would have in the east, where voters continue to behave very differently than their brethren in the west 28 years after the fall of the Wall. Earlier this month, a top aide to Merkel described the east German hecklers as a small minority and suggested the refugee crisis was no longer a negative factor for Merkel. The results on Sunday suggested otherwise.  East German voters are more extreme and less loyal to the traditional parties. This is how it has been ever since the Wall fell,  said Hendrik Traeger, a political scientist in Leipzig. Appearing on German television on Sunday night, Merkel was pressed once again on her decision two years ago to allow thousands of refugees who had set out on foot from the main train station in Budapest, Hungary into Germany. In the months that followed, thousands more made their way across the Aegean Sea to Greece and up the Balkans to Germany, encouraged by scenes of Germans welcoming migrants with food and clothes, and possibly also by selfies that refugees took with Merkel.  We ve gone over and over what happened in the autumn of 2015 and I remain convinced that all the other options that were discussed at the time - perhaps deploying water cannons on the German border and such - were out of the question for me,  Merkel said.  I think this decision was right.  During her campaign appearances, Merkel told her audiences repeatedly that the influx of 2015 would never be repeated. But she was denounced as a  traitor to the people  at numerous campaign events in the east, language that would have been unthinkable before the refugee crisis. Merkel grew up behind the Iron Curtain in the town of Templin north of Berlin. Her father, a Lutheran pastor with socialist leanings, moved the family from west to east shortly after Merkel was born, and before the Berlin Wall was built. In the last German election in 2013, Merkel s conservatives won 38.5 percent of the vote in the east, more than 10 points better than Sunday s result. ",1
19165,Iran says Guards attack Islamic State with drones in Eastern Syria,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran s Revolutionary Guards on Sunday struck bases of the Islamic State in eastern Syria with drones, Iranian state television reported. It said vehicles, military equipment and ammunition were destroyed in the attack near the Syrian-Iraqi border. In June, Iran fired missiles into eastern Syria, targeting bases of Islamic State which had claimed responsibility for attacks in Tehran which killed 18 people. The Revolutionary Guards are fighting in Syria against militant groups which oppose President Bashar al-Assad. ",1
19166,Germany's jubilant far-right has Merkel in its sights,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Swept into parliament by those Germans angered at the arrival of more than a million refugees and migrants, the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) had a stark message for Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday.  We will hound her. We ll get our country and our people back,  Alexander Gauland, 76, one of the party s two leading candidates, told supporters to wild applause at a post-election celebration in a Berlin nightclub. The first far-right party to enter Germany s parliament in more than half a century, the AfD - which has been likened by Germany s own foreign minister to the Nazis - won around 13 percent of Sunday s vote, according to early projections.  That puts it on course to be the third biggest party in the new parliament after Merkel s conservatives and the centre-left Social Democrats, both of whom saw their share of the vote fall amid the AfD surge.  Its campaign provoked controversy with posters featuring a pregnant women under the slogan:  New Germans? We ll make them ourselves  and women in traditional Bavarian dress holding wine glasses with the words:  Burqa? I m more into Burgundy . The party did particularly well in the former communist east Germany, where it won 22.9 percent of the vote - up 17 points from the last election in 2013, according to projections. In the west it won 11.3 percent, up 6.8 points from back then. Although all established parties refuse to work with the AfD, its forecast 87 parliamentary seats mean it will now have a voice in the lower house of Europe s richest country and become eligible for government funding tied to the size of its vote. It rejects any comparison to the Nazis, instead insisting it raises valid concerns about immigration and what it calls the  Islamisation  of the West which are not being addressed by Europe s mainstream politicians. Alice Weidel, the AfD s other leading candidate, promised supporters the AfD would do  constructive work  in opposition.  The first thing we ll do is keep our first promise to launch a committee to investigate Angela Merkel,  said the 38-year-old former investment banker, who argues Merkel s 2015 decision to allow one million migrants into Germany was illegal. Georg Pazderski, a member of the AfD s executive board, told Reuters before Sunday s election his party would use parliament speeches to draw attention to the cost of immigration and the shortcomings both of the single currency euro zone - which the AfD wants Germany to leave - and of the European Union.   He said he expected other parties to shun the AfD for a year or two but ultimately to work with it. He pointed to the regional assembly in the eastern state of Saxony-Anhalt where the AfD and Merkel s Christian Democrats together voted to set up a committee to investigate left-wing extremism. A recent study by the Ruhr University Bochum found that of the 235 candidates running for the AfD, 98 belonged to the wing that supports party official Bjoern Hoecke, who has courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil . It found 40 candidates were part of the party s more moderate wing around co-leader Frauke Petry. She herself was once considered radical for overseeing the AfD s transformation from a party set up by academics in 2013 to protest euro zone bailouts into a staunchly anti-immigrant party. The other 97 candidates have been so inconspicuous up until now that their political orientation was not known, it said. The AfD s candidates include a judge who called Germany s remembrance of the Nazi murder of six million Jews a  cult of guilt , a 77-year-old who once called the Holocaust  an effective tool for criminalizing Germans  and a lawyer who said police should be allowed to shoot at illegal migrants. ",1
19167,Trump aide Greenblatt returning to Israel for peace talks: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s Middle East peace negotiator, Jason Greenblatt, is returning to Israel to  continue the peace track  after the president met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas last week in New York, a White House official said on Sunday.  While President Trump had productive meetings with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas at the United Nations, we always said that the UN would not focus on peace conversations and that those conversations would be happening on a separate track,  the official said in a statement.  (Greenblatt) will have follow-up meetings in advance of a private trip in the region with his family for Sukkot. The meetings are part of the Administration s quiet, steady discussions toward peace,  he said. Sukkot is a Jewish holiday. ",1
19168,"While wealthy Mexicans swamped by quake aid, poor feel abandoned","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Relief supplies and volunteers are piling up at rescue sites in upscale districts of Mexico City following Tuesday s deadly earthquake in a show of solidarity that has contrasted with the government s struggle to get aid to people most in need. In the wealthy neighborhoods of Roma and Condesa in the center of Mexico City, volunteers by the hundreds stand ready to help dig for survivors who may be trapped beneath the rubble. In recent days, however, they have largely remained idle. Others have brought food and water, eager to tend to rescue workers or the thousands of people made homeless by the quake. Yet they have struggled to find takers because so much sustenance is on offer. In the poor, far-flung neighborhoods in the outskirts of the capital, meanwhile, aid and comfort were less abundant. And in villages in some states surrounding the Mexico City, victims said they had yet to see government aid arrive.  In the hard-hit Mexico City neighborhood of Del Valle, 48-year-old Marcela Sanchez came in search of aid after she lost her home in the large, working-class area of Nezahualcoyotl, in the remote northeast suburbs.  We haven t received any aid,  Sanchez said.  Those of us who work in Mexico City return home with aid. God willing, they can help us.  The government s response to Tuesday s quake, which killed 319 people in Mexico City and surrounding states, is under scrutiny ahead of presidential elections next year.  Earthquakes are politically sensitive after the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party s flawed response to the 1985 earthquake that killed thousands.  The government s handling of this disaster is markedly better than it was 32 years ago, when days passed before rescues began at many buildings. That disaster led to more rigorous building codes and regular quake drills. The lasting memory of the 2017 quake may be the outpouring of voluntary action, but also the unevenness of the relief operations and the lack of government coordination of resources.  There s plenty (of provisions and aid workers). All that s missing here is emergency management,  said Roberto Hernandez, founder of  Los Topos,  or The Moles, a civilian rescue squad that rose to prominence after the 1985 earthquake. The government response is being coordinated by the Civil Protection unit of the Interior Ministry, which did not immediately make an official available for comment. President Enrique Pena Nieto s office did not respond to requests for comment.  A combination of Mexican government employees, police, soldiers and sailors as well as foreign aid teams and hordes of civilian volunteers have cleared buildings of debris, rescued some 69 people and recovered bodies.  But the enormous logistical task of marshalling those resources has appeared wanting. Even in the best of times, coordinating action among myriad government agencies in Mexico is complicated, and volunteers and victims have complained that the overlapping jurisdictions have thwarted relief efforts. While rescuers work around the clock at disaster sites, dozens of police and military forces are left without any apparent task, sometimes just standing by, inactive. Hernandez, of Los Topos, complained about the slow pace of removing debris at a collapsed office building in Roma. While rescuers in hard hats worked atop the ruins, scores of uniformed police and soldiers appeared to have little to do.   We need to break up slabs and bring them down to look for bodies or survivors. We did this 32 years ago and saved 137 people,  Hernandez said.  Look at them (police officers). Every one of them would be willing to pick up a couple of rocks if you asked them.   The mayor of Mexico City said in an interview with broadcaster TV Azteca that the official response was improving.  We have stuck to the contingency plan without reticence. We are working hand-in-hand with the navy, with the army, with the federal police,  Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said. That contention may be lost on people in the states of Morelos and Puebla, closer to the epicenter of the 7.1 magnitude quake, where in some villages victims said the government had not arrived. Instead, caravans of volunteers from the capital traveled  backroads and waded through rivers to deliver aid to remote populations. Even in relatively close neighborhoods, such as San Geronimo on the capital s southern extreme where many of the modest adobe and brick homes crumbled or cracked and road damage has impeded access, residents complained aid was slow to arrive and not nearly as abundant as in the upscale neighborhoods close to the city center.  We have not had any support from the authorities,  said  Antonio Ramirez, a retired teacher who was surveying damaged homes.  The support has been from ordinary people. Even the soldiers, instead of bringing picks and shovels, brought their machine guns.  ",1
19169,Germany's Syrian refugees celebrate Merkel win but fear rise of far-right,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Syrian refugees rejoiced on Sunday at the news that Angela Merkel had secured a fourth term as German chancellor, but said they were alarmed by the rise of the far-right AfD party, which they feared could push her to tighten asylum rules.  We prayed that Merkel would win,  said Fatima al-Haidar, a mother of two from Damascus.  Allah answered our prayers. To us she represents wisdom and humanity.  While Merkel s conservative bloc won most seats in parliament, the result was its worst since 1949 as voters turned en masse to smaller parties. The conservatives bled support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which entered parliament for the first time as the third-biggest party, cashing in on anger at Merkel s decision to welcome more than 1.3 million refugees.  Merkel put her career on the line to help us,  said Haidar s 55-year-old husband Ayman.  We want to learn German and contribute to the success of this country through work, simply to prove that she was right and her opponents were wrong.  Fatima and Ayman found out the election results from their 14-year-old son Zayd, who tuned in to the public broadcaster ZDF on his mobile phone to break the news to his parents and their friends as exit polls came in.  When Zayd told us Merkel had won we did a zalghouta,  said Roula Mohammad, referring to a tongue trill that Arab women perform during weddings.  We need a wise woman like her in Syria to end the war.  The Syrian refugees were having dinner at Al Dimashqi, a popular Arab restaurant on Sonnenallee, a long boulevard in Berlin s poor neighborhood of Neukoelln that refugees call  Arab Street  for its abundance of Arabic shop signs. The AfD s campaign appealed unashamedly to voters who feel that the influx of mainly Muslim migrants will undermine German culture, asserting that Islamic customs have no place in Germany. Merkel s conservatives and their Social Democrat coalition partners in the outgoing government quietly introduced stricter asylum rules last year after losing support to the AfD in regional elections. Refugees fear that the AfD s stunning showing of more than 13 percent of the vote on Sunday could spell even tougher immigration rules under the next Merkel-led government.  She is less popular because of us,  said Nabil Zainaldin, 32, from Aleppo.  We totally understand that Germans are worried. All we can do to reassure them is to be law-abiding citizens. But we are also worried: what will the asylum policy of the new government be?  ",1
19170,German Social Democrats vow to rebuild in opposition after election drubbing,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats vowed to return to the opposition and push themes of social justice as they remake their party after winning less than 21 percent of the vote in Sunday s election, the worst result in their post-war history. The SPD party swiftly announced it would quit the  grand coalition  in which it has served alongside conservative Prime Minister Angela Merkel for the past four years. Sunday s election gave Merkel a fourth term, but she faces difficult coalition talks after her own conservative bloc also won its smallest share of the vote since the 1940s. With nearly half of voters rejecting both of the main parties that have dominated Germany since World War Two, the SPD in particular faces a difficult task of winning back support. The party would  continue its fight for democracy, tolerance and respect  in opposition, leader Martin Schulz told cheering supporters, announcing the decision to pull out of the coalition.  We are the bulwark of democracy,  he said. Germany s oldest political party and one of the buttresses of the European left for 150 years, the SPD struggled to differentiate itself from Merkel s conservatives in coalition.  The SPD has been collateral damage of the dissatisfaction with the current government,  said Tyson Barker, an expert on German politics at the Aspen Institute.  It was not able to draw bright lines of opposition to Merkel s CDU and paid the price in lack of enthusiasm.  Tim Stuchtey of the Brandenburg Institute for Society and Security said he expected the SPD to move to the left after the election blowout, although he did not rule out the possibility it could change its mind about a coalition and return without Schulz if Merkel fails to find other partners. In becoming the biggest opposition party, the SPD s first task may be keeping a lid on the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which became the first far right group to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s. Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD in parliament, told broadcaster Phoenix the center-left party would not shy away from legal options to block any racist statements by the AfD. The AfD opposes immigration but denies it is racist. The SPD had hoped for a resurgence under Schulz, a 61-year-old bookseller untainted by the coalition, having served in Brussels as head of the European Parliament rather than in the cabinet alongside Merkel. Schulz s nomination had briefly lifted the party to ratings of around 30 percent, sparking hopes it could win enough seats to form a leftwing coalition. But those gains evaporated steadily in ensuing months as the mild-mannered Schulz failed to drum up voter enthusiasm. Immigration has become a particularly polarizing issue in the two years since Merkel left Germany s borders open to around 1 million migrants mainly fleeing war in the Middle East. The SPD backed Merkel s stance of welcoming refugees. Schulz told supporters at the party s headquarters he would stay on to lead the party in its new role in opposition. He called the election result  a bitter loss,  but said the SPD s drive for social justice, equality and workers  rights was more important than ever given the AfD s gains. He acknowledged that Germans were divided over the arrival of the migrants, but said the party would stick to its values. The main parties of Europe s traditional left have faced a crisis of confidence in recent years, leaving them cast out of power in all but a handful of countries. Some, such as Britain s Labour under Jeremy Corbyn, have tacked to the left to seek support among workers left behind by years of stagnant wages and government austerity policies. Elsewhere, such as in France and Spain, voters have deserted them for new parties led by centrists, populists or both. Jackson Janes, president of the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies, said the SPD had suffered from dissatisfaction affecting all mainstream parties, and from the particular perils facing the left. The party had  lost track of their demographic core group  among working class voters, he said.  The SPD s whole infrastructure was built around the workers, but they don t have a grasp of how the economy has changed for people.  Schulz said party officials would meet on Monday to start remaking the party, but said he was encouraged by the large number of young people who joined the party this year.   Compared with other Social Democratic parties in Europe, we are still firmly grounded in the middle of German democracy,  he said.  20 to 21 percent of the voters is not insignificant.  The most pressing challenge for the SPD is an election on Oct. 15 in the state of Lower Saxony, it lost a one-seat majority with its coalition partners the Greens, and is now trailing the conservatives in the polls. The SPD already ceded power to conservatives twice this year in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Schleswig-Holstein. ",1
19171,Hurdles high for Merkel in three-way 'Jamaica' tie-up talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s conservative chancellor Angela Merkel may have won her fourth consecutive national election, but she faces a huge challenge in trying to forge a three-way alliance between parties far apart on the political spectrum. Despite winning most votes, Merkel s bloc slumped to its worst result since 1949 and, just as significant in terms of government building, her current Social Democrat (SPD) coalition partners said they would go into opposition after slumping to 20.7 percent in projections, a post-war low. Merkel herself indicated that she had only one other option to govern.  Jamaica  is the name given to a tie-up between her conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens, from the fact that island s flag is made up of the black, yellow and green colors of the three parties. Projections put the conservatives, comprising Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) on 33.0 percent, the FDP on 10.6 and the Greens on 8.9 - enough for a workable majority. But such an alliance, untested at a federal level, collapsed in January 2012 in the western state of Saarland after little more than two years, although it has been tried again since May in the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein. On a national level, it would have to overcome deep differences on EU reform, tax, energy and immigration. Both the Greens and FDP, fearing alienating their supporters with the compromises they would have to make, played down the likelihood of such a partnership. The prospect of sharing power in Europe s biggest economy will be a powerful incentive, however. They may also feel a duty to ensure the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), whose anti-Islam and anti-immigrant rhetoric have for many raised uncomfortable echoes of Germany s Nazi past, does not become the main opposition party. Fueled by voter anger over Merkel s decision in 2015 to admit around a million migrants, mostly fleeing conflict in the Middle East, the AfD won 13 percent of the vote to become the third-biggest bloc, and the first far-right party in the national parliament for over half a century.  It will be very difficult but we all have a responsibility to our country. We don t want new elections,  said conservative Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, adding that such a scenario would probably give further momentum to the AfD. An ultimate coalition deal may be more about showing Germany s commitment to democratic values than securing broad agreement on policy, where the pro-business FDP and the left-leaning Greens, in particular, are poles apart.  Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir said his party would not participate in  anti-European populism  in a coalition with the conservatives and FDP. Although the low-tax, red-tape-cutting FDP is traditionally a pro-European party, its young leader, Christian Lindner, has rejected ideas put by French President Emmanuel Macron for deeper euro zone integration.  We want to reverse the trend for our country and, if it becomes apparent in talks that these goals can be achieved, then of course we will be available, but if not, it would be our task to go into opposition,  said Lindner. He has also said Russia s annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 might have to be accepted as a permanent provisional arrangement. It is hard to see how Merkel could swallow that. The Greens emphasize climate policy and want a commitment to phase out coal power by 2030, which would be difficult for the other parties to agree to.  Refugee policy will also be challenging, especially with the FDP and Merkel s Bavarian partners of the CSU taking a much harder line than the Greens on limiting immigration. Berenberg economist Holger Schmieding argued that in the carve-up of ministries under a Jamaica coalition, Wolfgang Schaeuble, conservative finance minister since 2009, may have to yield his post to the FDP.  (That) would tilt the domestic discussion a bit further toward serious income tax cuts,  he said. ",1
19172,"Iraqi government asks Kurdistan regional government to hand over border posts, airports in referendum dispute","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqi government asked the autonomous Kurdish region on Sunday to hand over international border posts and its international airports, retaliating to a Kurdish independence referendum to be held on Monday in northern Iraq. It also asked the foreign countries to stop oil trading with the Kurdish region and to deal with the central government in regards to airports and borders, said a statement published by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office.   ",1
19173,"Turkish, Iranian presidents discuss Iraqi Kurdish referendum: Erdogan's office","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani spoke by phone regarding a Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum and voiced concern that it will cause regional chaos, Erdogan s office said on Sunday.  The two leaders noted that not cancelling the referendum will bring with it chaos in the region and they stressed the great importance which they attach to Iraq s territorial integrity,  the statement said. ",1
19174,Iraqi government asks foreign countries to stop oil trade with Kurdistan,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq on Sunday urged foreign countries to stop importing crude directly from its autonomous Kurdistan region and to restrict oil trading to the central government. The call, published in statement from Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office, came in retaliation for the Kurdistan Regional Government s plan to hold a referendum on independence on Monday. The central government s statement seems to be directed primarily at Turkey, the transit country for all the crude produced in Kurdistan. The crude is taken by pipeline to the Turkish Mediterranean coast for export. Baghdad  asks the neighboring countries and the countries of the world to deal exclusively with the federal government of Iraq in regards to entry posts and oil,  the statement said.  The Iraqi government has always opposed independent sales of crude by the KRG, and tried on many occasions to block Kurdish oil shipments. Long-standing disputes over land and oil resources are among the main reasons cited by the KRG to ask for independence. Iraqi Kurdistan produces around 650,000 barrels per day of crude from its fields, including around 150,000 from the disputed areas of Kirkuk.  The region s production volumes represent 15 percent of total Iraqi output and around 0.7 percent of global oil production. The KRG aspires to raise production to over 1 million barrels per day by the end of this decade. Kurdish oil production has been dominated by mid-sized oil companies such as Genel (GENL.L), DNO (DNO.OL), Gulf Keystone (GKP.L) and Dana Gas (DANA.AD). Major oil companies such as Chevron (CVX.N), Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) and Rosneft (ROSN.MM) also have projects in Kurdistan but they are mostly at an exploration stage. However, Rosneft, Russia s state oil major, has lent over $1 billion to the KRG guaranteed by oil sales and committed a total of $4 billion to various projects in Kurdistan. ",1
19175,Zimbabwean activist pastor arrested for criticizing Mugabe government,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean police arrested activist pastor Evan Mawarire of the #ThisFlag movement as he stepped down from his pulpit, accusing him of subversion for a series of social media posts that charged Robert Mugabe s government had wrecked the economy, his lawyer told Reuters on Sunday. Lawyer Harrison Nkomo said Mawarire was arrested and charged with subversion, which carries a maximum term of life imprisonment, for a Facebook video he posted on Saturday lambasting the government over its economic policies. Over the last few days, shortages of basic goods and fuel have emerged, resulting in panic buying by consumers. Prices of imported products are also going up, which businesses blame on shortages of foreign exchange. Mawarire has been at the heart of a protest movement against Mugabe s 37-year rule. In 2016, he led a stay-at-home demonstration that resulted in the first of his now three arrests for what the state says are attempts to overthrow the government. Mawarire was already due to face trial of subversion over the 2016 protests at a High Court trial on Monday.   He is due to appear in court tomorrow on subversion charges emanating from last year. So we really don t know how the state will proceed,  said Nkomo. Press and social media reports, including Mawarire s post, on shortages of basic goods and foreign exchange were meant to cause alarm in the country, said Ignatius Chombo, minister of home affairs, the ministry in charge of the police, said in a statement.  Government is closely monitoring the press and social media reports in question with a view to taking decisive action to deal a telling blow to the perpetrators of the crime in terms of the laws of the country s justice system,  Chombo said. A statement on the website of the United States embassy in Harare published on Friday said it would be monitoring the pastor s trial, and called for  an end to arbitrary arrests and intimidation for political purposes.   Mugabe, 93, has held power since independence from Britain in 1980. He is under mounting pressure from angry Zimbabweans, as well as his war veterans allies, who last year rebuked him as a manipulative dictator and called for him to step down. ",1
19176,Russia says one its generals killed by mortar shelling in Syria: TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry said on Sunday that one its general lieutenants, Valeryi Asapov, was killed by mortar shelling in Syria, the TASS news agency reported. The mortar shelling was carried by the Islamic State near Syria s Deir al-Zor, the ministry said. ",1
19177,Highlights: Reactions to German national election,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office on Sunday but will have to build an uneasy coalition to form a German government after her conservatives haemorrhaged support in the face of a surge by the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). Following are highlights of comments and reactions: CENTRE-RIGHT CDU/CSU BLOC ANGELA MERKEL, CDU party leader, told supporters in Berlin:  Of course we had hoped for a slightly better result. But we mustn t forget that we have just completed an extraordinarily challenging legislative period, so I am happy that we reached the strategic goals of our election campaign,  Merkel said.  We are the strongest party, we have the mandate to build the next government - and there cannot be a coalition government built against us,  Merkel added. Speaking during a television debate of the main parties  top candidates, Merkel said:  Numerically there are still two ways to form a coalition. Numerically SPD and CDU/CSU have enough. The question of the responsibility that everyone has is not just theory but a practical question... I have heard that the SPD is not available for talks, but we can talk about that again tomorrow.   We will sleep on it and then hold some talks... I intend for Germany to have a stable government,  Merkel added. HORST SEEHOFER, CSU leader and Bavarian Prime Minister, told broadcaster ARD:  We had a vacuum on the right side that we need to close now. The best way to do that is with policies that ensure that Germany remains Germany and that we have the immigration and security questions under control.  Seehofer told broadcaster ZDF:  The Christian Democrats will have to get together and explore whether a government is possible; we owe this to our country (...) We don t want (a coalition) with the AfD or with the Left party, but all other democratic forces should at least speak to each other and explore what is can be achieved over the next years. But the CSU will not enter into any false compromises that would cement the division of our country.  ALEXANDER DOBRINDT, a senior CSU member, said:  I believe for everyone in the government this is a bitter election night. But I think it is too early to draw conclusions - like the SPD.  THOMAS DE MAIZIERE, senior CDU member and interior minister, said:  We all have responsibility for the country, we cannot say after six weeks that we need new elections because we didn t manage (to form a coalition)... that would be the worst signal, then the Left and AfD would end up getting even more votes, and that would not be right.  VOLKER KAUDER, parliamentary floor leader of Merkel s conservatives, told ARD television that his party reached its goal to win the election.  We have the mandate to lead the next government,  Kauder said. CENTRE-LEFT SOCIAL DEMOCRATS (SPD)    MARTIN SCHULZ, SPD party leader and chancellor candidate, told supporters in Berlin that this election was a  bitter day  for Germany s Social Democrats, adding:  Especially depressing for all of us is the strength of the AfD, which for the first time brings a right-wing party into German parliament in such a strong position. This is a turning point.   The fact that we took in more than 1 million refugees in our country is still dividing in our country. What for some has been an act of humanity and charity is to others menacing, strange and filled with fear. We did not manage to persuade all of our voters that Germany is strong enough not to leave anyone behind,  Schulz said. Schulz told ZDF broadcaster:  We cannot have an extreme right-wing party leading the opposition in Germany, therefore ... we will go into opposition.  He added:  Our role is quite clear: we are the opposition party.  Schulz told ARD broadcaster:  I have the full backing of the party leadership to lead and renew the party... But I will not aim for (parliamentary) floor leadership but fully concentrate on the renewal of the party.  MANUELA SCHWESIG, SPD deputy party leader, told ZDF broadcaster:  That is a really bad result for the SPD. That is a heavy defeat... For us, the grand coalition ends today. For us it s clear that we ll go into opposition as demanded by voters.  THOMAS OPPERMANN, SPD parliamentary floor leader, told ARD broadcaster:  We must of course accept the voters  choice, they (AfD) are a party in parliament now... But I will say very clearly that if there are any racist tones in this parliament, we will object to them, very clearly.  Oppermann told broadcaster ARD, when asked whether Schulz would remain party head:  Martin Schulz started the renewal process of the SPD at the party meeting in March, and he will continue that renewal. We win together and we lose together.  PRO-BUSINESS FREE DEMOCRATS (FDP) CHRISTIAN LINDNER, FDP party leader told ZDF television:  We want to reverse the trend for our country and if it becomes apparent in talks that these goals can be achieved then of course we will be available (for a coalition) but if not, then it would be our task to go into opposition.  Lindner added:  It s about stability now, all parties have to take responsibility. We will not be pushed into a coalition just because the SPD makes a unilateral retreat into the opposition.  WOLFGANG KUBICKI, FDP deputy party leader, told broadcaster ARD:  You cannot force the Greens and us into a coalition just because the SPD bows out.   CEM OZDEMIR, top election candidate for the Greens, said the party would not take part in  anti-European populism  in a possible coalition with the conservatives and the FDP. He told broadcaster ZDF that climate change and social justice policies were requirements for the Greens to form a government.    KATRIN GOERING-ECKARDT, top candidate for the Greens, said:  We have a job to do for the voters. They voted for us as a party that represents a united Europe, as an ecological party that stands for environmental protection, we have a climate pact from Paris and will push for that to be implemented. And we stand for fairness... We will see if there can be cooperation.  FAR-RIGHT ALTERNATIVE FOR GERMANY (AFD)     ALEXANDER GAULAND, top AFD election candidate, said:  The government, whatever it will look like, should get ready for tough times. We ll chase them. We ll take back our country and our people.  JOERG MEUTHEN, AfD party co-leader, said:  What is happening in our country is a gradual dissolution of our nation. Let us talk about that in a democratic discourse. I accept that some people have a different opinion.  FAR-LEFT LEFT PARTY SAHRA WAGENKNECHT, top election candidate of the Left, blamed the governing parties, Merkel s conservatives and the SPD, for the success of the anti-immigration AfD. She added that her party scored its second-best election result.  I hope that the SPD sticks with its decision of going into the opposition,  Wagenknecht added.  But I also hope that won t be their only decision, that they realize that we need a social democratic party with social democratic policies if we don t want the AfD to keep getting stronger.  THOMAS GITZEL, VP Bank chief economist, said:  The real shocker today is: The SPD wants to go into opposition. The only remaining option is a Jamaica coalition of CDU, FDP and the Greens. Three-party alliances are difficult to form and often unstable.  HOLGER SCHMIEDING, Berenberg Bank chief economist:  The consequences for Germany s economic policies are nearly zero. The positions of (the three parties in) a possible Jamaica coalition are not that far apart.  Schmieding added:  If the FDP were to take over the Finance Ministry, a FDP Finance Minister would not differ significantly from Schaeuble s positions on Europe. I think there won t be major changes regarding Berlin s stance on Europe.  ",1
19178,"French Senate vote is blow to Macron, Conservatives keep majority","PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron suffered his first electoral setback on Sunday when his Republic on the Move (LREM) party won fewer seats than expected in elections for the French Senate.  What was at stake was whether Macron s LREM and allies would win enough seats to give him a three-fifths majority vote in both houses of parliament, which he needs for constitutional reforms, including plans to overhaul parliament.     The vote, in which about 171 of the Senate s 348 seats were up for grabs, consolidated the Senate s existing conservative majority. But the Socialist party, which was crushed in last June s legislative elections, did well in the vote, provisional results provided by the French Senate showed. The results could complicate Macron s plans for constitutional reforms and come as his popularity is declining, just four months after his election in May. His approval ratings have dropped considerably in opinion polls, dragged down by labor reforms and planned budget cuts, including a decrease in housing aid for students.     LREM, which hoped to win 40-50 Senators, ended up securing 23, and will be counting on alliances with lawmakers from other parties to back the government on a case by case basis.  The Senate s conservative majority is now composed of some 150 members of The Republicans party, confirming the Senate as a counterweight to Macron, even if the National Assembly, where Macron has a clear majority, has the final say on legislation.  Voters clearly showed they wanted a parliamentary counterweight, which is in my view vital to a balanced democracy,  Gerard Larcher, the President of the French Senate said in a public address. Macron s LREM was not expected to win a majority partly because of the electoral system. In elections for the Senate, only mayors and regional councilors and not the general public vote and Macron has plans that are unpopular with many local councilors. A number of local officials are unhappy with his plans to cut subsidies to local authorities. Jean Leonetti, a former The Republicans minister said on Twitter:  First setback for Emmanuel Macron . It was not immediately clear if Macron will be able to secure a three-fifths majority in both houses of parliament as it might require negotiations with other groups, including some members of The Republicans party. Macron s party would need 180 seats in the Senate to reach the three-fifths majority in both houses of parliament.     ",1
19179,France's Le Pen congratulates German far-right AfD,"PARIS (Reuters) - French far-right leader Marine Le Pen congratulated the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party on its breakthrough result in Sunday s German parliamentary election.  Bravo to our AfD allies for this historic showing! It is a new sign that the people of Europe are waking up,  tweeted Le Pen, the leader of France s National Front who reached the run-off of the French presidential election in May. According to early projections, the AfD was set not only to enter the national parliament for the first time, but to become Germany s third-biggest party with 13.5 percent. It is the first time that the far-right has been represented in the parliament for more than half a century. ",1
19180,Merkel on track for fourth term after German election: exit poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives secured a fourth consecutive term in office on Sunday in an election that brought a far-right party into the German parliament for the first time in more than half a century, exit polls indicated. After shock results last year, from Britain s vote to leave the European Union to the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, many look to Merkel to rally a bruised liberal Western order and lead a post-Brexit Europe. Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian allies, the Christian Social Union (CSU) - won 32.5 percent of the vote, making them by far the largest parliamentary group, according to an exit poll for the broadcaster ARD. Their closest rivals, the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), slumped to 20.0 percent - a new post-war low. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) stunned the establishment by finishing third and entering parliament for the first time with 13.5 percent. Merkel, Europe s longest-serving leader, joins the late Helmut Kohl, her mentor who reunified Germany, and Konrad Adenauer, who led Germany s rebirth after World War Two, as the only post-war chancellors to win four national elections. She must now form a coalition government - an arduous process that could take months as all potential partners are unsure whether they really want to share power with her. ",1
19181,Six people believed injured in suspected London acid attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - Six people were believed to have been injured on Saturday after a group of males reportedly sprayed a noxious substance in a number of attacks in an area around a shopping center in east London, police said. The incident was not being treated as terror-related, a police spokesman said. The attacks occurred near the Stratford Centre, in Stratford, police said. Earlier they had said the incident took place around the bigger Westfield shopping center which is nearby.  A number of people have been reported injured at different locations - believed to be six people. We await further details,  London s Metropolitan Police said in a statement. One male was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm, the statement said. The incident occurred around 8 p.m. (1900 GMT), it said. Photographs posted online showed police officers crouching over an apparent victim of the attack as they treated him. The number of acid attacks has increased in Britain in recent years, linked to robberies and gang-related violence. The government said in July it would look at tougher punishments for people who attack others using acid. ",1
19182,Trump will 'do everything' to avoid nuclear war with North Korea: Mnuchin,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on Sunday said President Donald Trump wants to avoid nuclear war with North Korea and   will do everything we can  to avoid conflict.   I can assure you the president s number one priority is the safety of the American people and our allies,  Mnuchin said on ABC News.  The president doesn t want to be in a nuclear war, and we will do everything we can to make sure that doesn t occur.   Trump has dialed up the rhetoric against North Korea over the weekend, warning the country s foreign minister that he and leader Kim Jong Un  won t be around much longer,  as Pyongyang staged a major anti-U.S. rally. ",1
19183,National celebrations open Saudi sports stadium to women for first time,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is celebrating the 87th anniversary of its foundation this weekend with a big program of concerts and performances, including a pageant operetta on Saturday evening which allowed women to enter the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh for the first time.     The festivities are part of a government move to boost national pride and improve quality of life for Saudis.      Also on offer is a concert in the Red Sea city of Jeddah featuring 11 Arab musicians, plus fireworks, air acrobatics and traditional folk dance shows.      It is the first time I have come to the stadium and I feel like more of a Saudi citizen. Now I can go everywhere in my country,  said 25-year-old Sultana, green and white flags painted on both cheeks as she entered the complex with her girlfriends.      God willing, tomorrow women will be permitted bigger and better things like driving and travel.      Several thousand families entered the stadium - where top football matches are held - through a separate gate from single men. They cheered, flashed peace signs and waved green Saudi flags.     A toddler wore a shirt that said in English  I (heart) Saudi Arabia  while a little girl donned a green dress with the faces of King Salman and his son, Crown Prince Mohammed, printed on it. A young man recited a poem praising the 82-year-old monarch.     The events are the latest entertainment sponsored by the government as part of the Vision 2030 reform program launched two years ago to diversify the economy away from oil, create whole new sectors to employ young citizens and open up Saudis  cloistered lifestyles.     However in a country that adheres to the austere Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam, which bans gender mixing, concerts and cinemas, the plan s seemingly anodyne goals to empower women, promote sports and invest in entertainment have been criticized.    Saudi rulers are also starting to reform areas once the exclusive domain of the clergy, such as education and the law, and have promoted elements of national identity that have no religious component or pre-date Islam.     They have increased National Day celebrations that were previously attacked by clerics as undermining religious feeling, and are promoting heritage sites, like Nabatean rock temples, once seen as embarrassing in the land of Islam.     King Salman marked the holiday on Twitter, writing:  The  kingdom will remain a bulwark for those who love benevolence, their religion and their country.          The operetta on Saturday told the story of the founding of the modern Saudi state by Ibn Saud, King Salman s father, following a series of territorial conquests and eight years before the discovery of oil opened the way to making the new kingdom the world s top oil exporter.     The performance, which praised the kingdom s religious and martial past while looking ahead to more development, featured horses, camels and hundreds of men dancing with swords and drums. An unveiled woman and two dozen girls joined them onstage.     Pyrotechnics, dancing fountains and lasers elicited cheers from the crowd which snapped photos on their smartphones.     The final segment featured pictures of Crown Prince Mohammed - visiting troops, meeting world leaders, watching a football match - whose face has become nearly as ubiquitous as his father s since he became heir to the throne in June.     There is widespread speculation, denied by officials, that King Salman intends to abdicate to his son, who already dominates economic, diplomatic and domestic policy.     Saudi flags and green billboards, often bearing the faces of both men, have gone up across Riyadh this week, and at night skyscrapers are flooded in green light - the national color.     Companies from telecoms operators to furniture stores have launched patriotic-themed marketing campaigns offering discounts for the holiday weekend.     Um Abdulrahm al-Shihri, who traveled 1100 km (685 miles) from the northwestern city of Tabuk, to enter the stadium, said she hoped in the future women would be able to attend football matches and other public festivities which are traditionally the reserve of men.      You cannot imagine how happy we are today ... We feel that there is openness towards us,  she said, wearing the black niqab covering all but her eyes.     Women are at all levels now - women are now (representatives) in the Shura council, women are now doctors, women are now in big positions. So why shouldn t we join the men in things that matter to our nation?      The General Entertainment Authority, the government agency organizing the National Day festivities, expects some 1.5 million Saudis to attend events in 17 cities over four days.     Vision 2030 reforms are intended to capture up to a quarter of the $20 billion currently spent overseas by Saudis, who are accustomed to traveling abroad to see shows and visit amusement parks in nearby tourist hub Dubai or further afield.    This weekend s events, though, are free to the public.     Issa Daghiri, attending the operetta in Riyadh with his wife and children, said he was encouraged by the acceptance of families at the stadium, which holds about 40,000 spectators.      We had hoped for this for a while and now the opportunity has come,  he said.  Each year that passes, the kingdom develops.  ",1
19184,London mayor says Britain should not host President Trump on state visit,"LONDON (Reuters) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan said on Sunday that it would be wrong for Britain to host U.S. President Donald Trump on a state visit, describing some of the U.S. leader s views on Islam as  ignorant . Khan and Trump have a history. During the U.S. presidential election campaign, Khan was among many people who spoke out against Trump s proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States, an idea he said would play into the hands of extremists. Trump has criticized Khan, accusing the mayor of making a  pathetic excuse  over his statement urging Londoners not to be alarmed by the presence of additional police on the streets in response to an attack in June. At the annual conference of his opposition Labour Party, Khan told an audience with GuardianLive that he thought having a state visit, which Prime Minister Theresa May has said is still planned, was  wrong .  I sometimes think people are ignorant,  he said, adding that it was his job to educate them. ",1
19185,Police have thwarted seven attacks since March: London mayor,"BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan said police had thwarted seven attacks by militants since March this year, describing the increase in the number as a shift rather than a spike. Speaking at the annual conference of his opposition Labour Party, Khan also said the police needed more spending to help them counter such attacks and that Internet companies must do more to crackdown on extremist content.  Between March this year and now, there have been four attacks but seven have been thwarted,  he told a Guardian Live event. Earlier this month, the head of the city s police force said six militant plots had been foiled over the last several months.     ",1
19186,"Russia, Syria intensify bombing of rebel-held Idlib, witnesses say","AMMAN (Reuters) - Russian and Syrian jets escalated strikes on rebel-held Idlib and Hama provinces, several days after jihadist rebels opened an offensive against government-held parts of northwestern Syria, rebels and witnesses said on Sunday. The bombing campaign in heavily populated civilian areas shattered six months of relative calm. Russian-inspired ceasefires had given a temporary reprieve to tens of thousands of people living in rebel-held northwestern Syria. But now thousands of civilians who had been returning to their homes have headed back to the relative safety of refugee camps along the Turkish border, which are protected under Russian-Turkish understandings, residents said.  People are very afraid things have gone back to what they were and returned back to camps - there is no longer any hope,  Ahmad Thaib, a resident of Jabal al Zawya. The strikes were retaliation for last Tuesday s assault against Hama province, which were spearheaded by Tahrir al-Sham, the jihadist Turkistan Islamic Party and rebels fighting under the banner of the Free Syrian Army (FSA). The bombing campaign also comes shortly after a tripartite deal struck by Moscow, Ankara and Tehran to deploy an observer force in Idlib, a province where the former al Qaeda s Syrian offshoot has cemented its control after it crushed opponents. Western-vetted rebels said the Russian strikes targeted FSA groups who had signed the ceasefire agreements Russia had promoted, casting doubt on whether Moscow had any intention of shoring up the ceasefire. Civil defense workers and residents said dozens of strikes struck the major towns of Khan Sheikhoun, Jisr al-Shaqour, Saraqeb and scores of villages. At least five hospitals and several civil defense centers have been knocked out of action since the start of the counter offensive. Rebel sources said over fifty fighters were killed on Saturday after jets believed to be Russian targeted a training camp run by Failaq al Sham, an FSA rebel group, which is at odds with jihadist groups. Russia s defense ministry says it is attacking hard-line Islamist militants. It denies accusations it has targeted infrastructure and medical centers to force rebels into local truces that effectively restore President Bashar al Assad s  grip on the country. On Friday, Russia s defense ministry said a submarine fired Kalibr cruise missiles at Islamist militants, who it said had tried to trap a group of Russian military policemen. In the city of Khan Sheikhoun in southern Idlib, jets believed to be Russian destroyed the town s major power plant on Friday, one witness said. The plant feeds northern Hama and southern Idlib. On the outskirts of Jarjanaz, a strike barely missed a camp where hundreds of displaced people were sheltering, a resident said. At least several people were killed near the town of Kafr Sajna, one of the sites where the Russian missiles landed, witnesses said. A video downloaded by activists showed a rescue worker trying to extinguish the flames on a young body charred by an incendiary bomb.  ",1
19187,"I'm no populist, says new leader of Italy's 5-Star","RIMINI, Italy (Reuters) - The new leader of Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star movement says it is not a populist party and will make cutting waste and reducing debt its priority. 5-Star, which leads most opinion polls ahead of national elections due early next year, has been trying to shed its maverick, populist image and reassure foreign capitals that it can be trusted with power. Luigi Di Maio, the 31-year-old lawmaker picked on Saturday to lead the movement, told Reuters on Sunday that 5-Star stood for  post ideological  common sense, and was opposed to right-wing and left-wing extremism.  I reject populism as a label for 5-Star,  he said in an interview on the sidelines of the party s annual gathering in Rimini, on the Adriatic coast. 5-Star, founded by comedian Beppe Grillo nine years ago as a protest movement, bases its appeal mainly on opposition to corruption and vested interests. Boyish-looking and usually immaculately turned out in suit and tie, Di Maio presents a more moderate image than Grillo, who is famous for raucous tirades against the ruling elite. He had been groomed for the leadership by Grillo, who is 69 and now plans to withdraw gradually from his figurehead role. Di Maio said many of the party s proposals, such as a public bank to fund investments, had been adopted with success by mainstream parties in Northern Europe which he wanted to emulate. He said that, if 5-Star won next year s election, due by May, he would try to negotiate changes to European Union fiscal rules to allow Italy to invest more to boost its stagnant economy. However, he said he would also cut waste, arguing that this was the best way to bring down Italy s huge public debt, forecast to be just under 132 percent of GDP this year, the highest in the euro zone after Greece s.  We have brought down debt in every town and city where 5-Star governs. We will do that at the national level too,  he said. 5-Star has rowed back from a pledge to hold a referendum on Italy s membership of the euro and now says this would only be a last resort if the EU rejects any reforms to current budget rules. Di Maio, who comes from Italy s poor south and entered parliament at 26 five years ago, after mostly doing odd jobs and internet marketing, dismissed the suggestion that he was too inexperienced to be prime minister.  I came from a part of Italy with 60 percent youth unemployment, and people who sneer at my background are sneering at thousands of young Italians who are trying to create a future for themselves,  he said. The ability to build a competent team was the most important quality for a prime minister, Di Maio said, vowing to present a full cabinet line-up before the election. Asked to name three priorities that would mark his leadership of the party, Di Maio listed universal income support for the poor, cutting wasteful public spending and increasing forms of direct democracy. ",1
19188,Swiss voters reject raising women's retirement age,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss voters rejected raising women s retirement age to 65 in a referendum on Sunday on shoring up the wealthy nation s pension system as a wave of Baby Boomers stops working. Authorities pushing the first serious reform of the pension system in two decades had warned that old-age benefits were increasingly at risk as life expectancy rises and interest rates remain exceptionally low, cutting investment yields. But it fell by a margin of 53-47 percent, sending the government back to the drawing board on the thorny social issue. The package turned down under the Swiss system of direct democracy included making retirement between the ages of 62 and 70 more flexible and raising the standard value-added tax (VAT) rate from 2021 to help finance the stretched pension system.  It sought to secure the level of pensions through 2030 by cutting costs and raising additional revenue.  Minimum pay-out rates would have gradually fallen and  workers  contributions would rise, while public pensions for all new recipients would go up by 70 Swiss francs ($72.25) a month. The retirement age for women would have gradually risen by a year to 65, the same as for men.  That is no life,  complained one 49-year-old kiosk cashier, who identified herself only as Angie.  You go straight from work to the graveyard.  Some critics had complained that the higher retirement age for women and higher VAT rates were unfair, while others opposed expanding public benefits and said the reforms only postponed for a decade rather than solved the system s financial woes. Opinion polls had shown the reforms just squeaking by, but support had been waning. The standard VAT rate would have gone up by 0.3 point from 2021 to 8.3 percent   helping generate 2.1 billion francs a year for pensions by 2030   but the rejection means the standard VAT rate will now fall to 7.7 percent next year as a levy earmarked for disability insurance ends.  A 2014 OECD survey found Switzerland, where a worker earns over $91,000 on average, spends a relatively low 6.6 percent of economic output on public pensions. Life expectancy at birth was 82.5 years. More than 18 percent of the population was older than 65. ",1
19189,Catalan separatists take to the streets ahead of referendum,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Demonstrators calling for Catalan independence gathered in hundreds of towns across the region on Sunday following Madrid s actions last week to try to block a referendum on self rule that it considers illegal. Spanish police have arrested Catalan officials who were involved in organizing the Oct. 1 vote and they also seized electoral material, including ballot papers and ballot boxes. This led to several days of protests in Barcelona. But Carles Puigdemont, the head of the Catalan regional government, has said the referendum will go ahead. Several thousand protesters gathered in central Barcelona on Sunday chanting  We will vote!  and handing out ballot papers. The crowds began whistling and booing a police helicopter during speeches by the protest organizers, showing growing anger among the referendum supporters about the increased police presence. Between 3,000 and 4,000 state police officers from other regions of Spain have arrived or are on their way to Catalonia.  We feel occupied by the Spanish police,  56-year-old interior designer Nuria Gimenez said.  We ve been protesting for 10 years, we re not going to stop now with one week to go. We need to keep going until the end.  On Saturday, the state prosecutor in Catalonia told all local and national police forces they would be placed temporarily under a single chain of command and report directly to the interior ministry in Madrid. The Catalan government initially said it would refuse the order, though the head of the Catalan regional police, known as the Mossos d Esquadra, later said he would comply with prosecutors. Speaking to the crowd in Barcelona, president of the Catalan Parliament Carme Forcadell said that separatists must resist  provocations  by the central government.  They see violence in Catalonia. There has been none, nor will there be. We are a peaceful people and all we want is to exercise our rights,  Forcadell said.  Although polls show less than half of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want self-rule, most in the wealthy northeastern region want the chance to vote on the issue. ",1
19190,U.S. allied Syrian groups form civilian council to run Deir al-Zor,"Deir al Zor, SYRIA (Reuters) - U.S.-allied militias in northern Syria announced on Saturday the formation of a civilian council to govern the oil rich eastern province of Deir al Zor where they are racing with the Syrian army to capture territory held by Islamic State.  The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which includes Arab militias but is dominated by the powerful Kurdish YPG militia, launched an operation in Deir Zor province which borders Iraq earlier this month which captured its northern countryside and advanced east of the Euphrates River.  On Saturday they seized a major gas field in Deir al-Zor province from Islamic State militants in rapid advances that preempted the Syrian government that was also heading in that direction. In a separate offensive, Syrian army and Iranian backed militias with Russian air power had also this month broke a years-long Islamic State siege of government-held parts of Deir al-Zor on the other side of the Euphrates river. The advances against Islamic State have brought U.S.-backed forces and the Syrian government side, backed by Russia and Iran, into close proximity. The assaults by the Russian-backed Syrian army and the U.S.-backed SDF have at times raised fears of clashes that could stoke tensions between the competing world powers. The SDF appointed one hundred tribal figures to meet and elect a council to run the province on Sunday. In a final communique the council said its priority was the return of tens of thousands of displaced residents of the province who fled during the conflict and restoring basic utilities. It urged the U.S. led coalition to provide aid to the war-torn province.  We want to cement ties among the people of the province,  the statement of the newly formed Deir al-Zor civil council said. The extent of Kurdish control in the eastern province that lies at the heart of Arab tribal area is sensitive both for residents and for Ankara, which has fought a three-decade Kurdish insurgency inside Turkey and fears growing YPG ascendancy just over the border in northern Syria. Many local Arab tribes from the region also complain they are marginalized in decision making and blame the YPG for discrimination against them, including the forced conscription of their youths. The YPG denies these allegations. The establishment of a local council effectively run by the SDF expands a sphere of Kurdish influence that has grown in northern Syria during the multi-sided conflict. It would mirror governing arrangements put in place in other towns after the SDF repelled Islamic State. ",1
19191,Turnout in German election slightly lower than 2013: official,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Turnout in Germany s national election was slightly lower at 1200 GMT than at the same time four years ago, the Federal Returning Officer said in a statement on Sunday. At 1200 GMT, 41.1 percent of registered voters had cast a ballot, compared to 41.4 percent in 2013. That masked considerable variation across the country. Earlier, North Rhine- Westphalia, the country s most populous state, had reported a 3 percent increase in turnout. ",1
19192,Iran halts flights to Iraq's Kurdish region in retaliation for independence vote,"DUBAI/ISTANBUL/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iran halted flights to and from Kurdish regions in northern Iraq on Sunday in retaliation to a plan by the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) to hold a referendum on independence. It also started wargames at the Kurdish border. The air embargo is the first concrete retaliatory measure against Monday s Kurdish referendum which is rejected by the government in Baghdad and by Iraq s powerful neighbors, Iran and Turkey. Iranian authorities stopped air traffic to the international airports of Erbil and Sulaimaniya, in Iraqi Kurdistan, upon a request from Baghdad, Fars News Agency said. Tehran and Ankara fear the spread of separatism to their own Kurds. Iran also supports Shi ite groups who have been ruling or holding key security and government positions in Iraq since the 2003 U.S-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein.    Turkey, meanwhile, said on Sunday its aircraft launched strikes against Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq s Gara region on Saturday after spotting militants preparing to attack Turkish military outposts on the border.  Turkey will never ever tolerate any status change or any new formations on its southern borders,  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said.  The KRG will be primarily responsible for the probable developments after this referendum. The KRG has resisted calls to delay the referendum by the United Nations, the United States and Britain who fear it could further destabilize the region. The vote, expected to result in a comfortable  yes  to  independence, is not binding and is meant to give the KRG a legitimate mandate to negotiate the secession of the autonomous region with Baghdad and the neighboring countries. The KRG says the vote acknowledges the Kurds  crucial contribution confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army in 2014 and seized control of a third of Iraq. Iranian State broadcaster IRIB said military drills, part of annual events held in Iran to mark the beginning of the 1980-1988 war with Iraq, were launched in the Oshnavieh border region.  The war games will include artillery, armored and airborne units, it said. Clashes with Iranian Kurdish militant groups based in Iraq are fairly common in the border area. On Saturday, Turkish warplanes destroyed gun positions, caves and shelters used by PKK militants, a military statement  from Ankara said. Turkey s air force frequently carries out such air strikes against the PKK in northern Iraq, where its commanders are based. Turkey s parliament voted on Saturday to extend by a year a mandate authorizing the deployment of Turkish troops in Iraq and Syria. The PKK launched an insurgency in 1984. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. It is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. The U.S. embassy in Iraq cautioned its citizens that there may be unrest during a referendum, especially in territories disputed between the KRG and the central government like the multi-ethnic oil-rich region of Kirkuk. Three Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were killed and five wounded on Saturday when an explosive device blew up near their vehicle south Kirkuk, security sources said. The explosion happened in Daquq, a region bordering Islamic State-held areas, the sources said. Islamic State s  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when a U.S.-backed Iraqi offensive, in which the Peshmerga took part, captured their stronghold Mosul, in northern Iraq. The group continues to control a pocket west of Kirkuk and a stretch alongside the Syrian border and inside Syria. ",1
19193,"Car bomber hits NATO convoy in Afghanistan, civilians wounded","KABUL (Reuters) - A car bomber attacked a Danish convoy belonging to the NATO-led military mission in the Afghan capital, Kabul, on Sunday, wounding a number of civilians but leaving international forces unharmed, security officials said. A Danish military spokesman said some civilians may have been killed but Afghan officials reported no fatalities. Security officials say five civilians had been wounded while the interior ministry put the figure at three.  Captain William Salvin, a spokesman for NATO s Resolute Support mission, confirmed an attack had occurred and said a team was on the scene to recover the vehicle.  There are no Resolute Support casualties as a result of the explosion,  Salvin he said in an emailed statement. The Danish spokesman said the Danish soldiers were part of a security team normally engaged in protecting advisers traveling to and from the Afghan military academy near Kabul. NATO personnel traveling by road normally travel in convoys of three heavily armored personnel carriers which can resist all but the heaviest explosions. Past suicide attacks on such convoys have usually caused casualties among nearby civilians while leaving their targets relatively unharmed. NATO personnel now often travel even short distances in Kabul by helicopter. The Taliban, which often exaggerates casualty estimates from its attacks, said 16 Americans had been killed and three armored vehicles destroyed. It said it was preparing to step up the pace of attacks on foreign forces in Afghanistan. ",1
19194,Iran halts flights to Iraqi Kurdistan at request of Baghdad: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran has halted flights to airports in Iraqi Kurdistan at the request of the central government in Baghdad, the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Sunday, a day before a Kurdish independence referendum. The agency quoted Keyvan Khosravi, spokesman for Iran s top security body, as adding that Iran was also closing its airspace to flights originating in Iraqi Kurdistan. ",1
19195,"Scrap plan for new banking tax, London financiers tells UK opposition party","LONDON (Reuters) - A financial transaction tax proposed by Britain s opposition Labour Party would risk the competitiveness of London s financial center, the City of London Corporation said on Sunday, calling for the proposal to be scrapped. The leftist Labour Party, which is holding its annual conference in southern English town of Brighton, has advocated a so-called  Robin Hood  tax to levy charges on bond and derivative trades. It says the tax could raise 4.7 billion pounds ($6.34 billion) to fund higher public spending.  But the City of London Corporation, the body which administers policy in the central London financial district, criticized the policy.  A financial transactions tax, however described, would be a unilateral policy which would weaken our hand and undermine our competitiveness,  said the corporation s Policy Chairman, Catherine McGuinness. Labour lost a general election in 2017, and one is not scheduled until 2022, but Labour is banking on Prime Minister Theresa May s government falling sooner and has briefed financial institutions on its plan in recent months. On the first main day of his party s conference, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was asked about his approach to taxation said:  I don t think I m worried about taxing the super rich and the super wealthy.   The objective surely has to be stronger economic base for everybody in this country and dealing with the waste of poverty and inequality,  he told the BBC.     ",1
19196,UK's Johnson opposes adopting any new EU rules during Brexit transition,"LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson will oppose any move to adopt European Union regulations made after Britain leaves the bloc in March 2019, the Sunday Telegraph newspaper reported, risking reigniting divisions over Brexit. Johnson, who campaigned to leave the EU in last year s referendum, is one of Britain s highest-profile politicians and seen as a possible replacement for Prime Minister Theresa May. On Friday, he praised a speech by May in which she set out her plan for a roughly two-year transition period after Brexit.  But the Telegraph reported that Johnson had set out a new set of demands, reviving talk of a split among May s senior ministers which has the potential to destabilize her minority government.  Boris will be one of those Cabinet ministers pushing to make sure we don t have any new EU rules and regulations during the transition,  a cabinet source was quoted as saying by the newspaper. Johnson had fueled talk of a leadership challenge ahead of May s speech by publishing his own 4,000-word plan for Brexit which was seen as a criticism of May s more cautious approach.  May s transition plan, set out in the Italian city of Florence in a speech that sought to break an impasse in negotiations with the EU, underlined the importance of regulation to the future economic relationship with the bloc. She highlighted the fact that Britain and the EU start with identical regulatory standards and said she wanted  a practical approach to regulation that enables us to continue to work together in bringing shared prosperity to our peoples . She did not say whether she thought EU regulations passed during the transition period would be matched by Britain but said, on EU law, that British courts would be able to take European Courts of Justice rulings into account. May s Brexit minister David Davis said he did expect British and EU regulations to diverge over time after Brexit. ",1
19197,Britain must stay in EU's single market after Brexit: Labour lawmakers,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s main opposition Labour Party must commit to staying in the European Union s single market after Brexit and put an end to Prime Minister Theresa May s  destructive Brexit , several of its lawmakers said on Sunday. At the beginning of the party s annual conference, Labour lawmakers and trade union leaders wrote an open letter to their leader, calling on Jeremy Corbyn to  go further  than his current position to press for being part of the single market during any transition after Britain leaves in March 2019. After months of sticking to a position little different from the governing Conservative Party s pursuit of a clean break with the EU, Labour changed tack last month by saying, if in power, the party would press for full access to the single market during a transition - something that could continue beyond.  We have watched with dismay as the government has used a narrow referendum result to justify an extreme approach to Brexit,  the lawmakers said in a letter published in Britain s Observer newspaper.  So at our conference this week, Labour should commit to staying in the Single Market and Customs Union   ruling out no options for how to achieve this.  Labour s earlier move was aimed at increasing pressure on May, weakened after losing her party s majority in parliament in a June election she did not need to call and struggling to unite her own party over Brexit. But Labour is also keenly aware that many of its supporters, especially in northern and central England, voted for Brexit and want controls on immigration which many blame for stretching public services, such as hospitals and schools. Corbyn, who says he is preparing for government, told the BBC he was listening to those members of the Labour Party who want to keep the closest possible ties with the EU, but he did not say whether he would change the party s policy. Instead, he said he believed a transitional period with full single market access should last for as long as is necessary and offered some support for continued migration. In the letter, Labour lawmakers attacked the Conservative Party s  damaging promise to cut net migration to the tens of thousands .  Labour must be clear: migrants are not to blame for falling wages, job insecurity, bad housing and overstretched public services,  the letter said. ",1
19198,"Not so fast, Theresa: EU seeks divorce terms to stay friends","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - In pledging to stay best friends with the European Union after Brexit, Theresa May is getting ahead of herself, say EU negotiators who want her to start putting the divorce money on the table as soon as Monday. Three days after the prime minister s speech in Renaissance Florence promising a warm and vibrant future relationship, her Brexit minister David Davis will launch a new round of talks in Brussels with the EU s Michel Barnier. And the Frenchman first wants details on May s broad promise to pay Britain s bills. Without  significant progress  on that and other elements of a planned treaty to ease Britain s passage out of the Union in March 2019, Barnier said, EU leaders will refuse to open any talks on a free trade and cooperation deal, let alone on the two-year transition to it that May requested. With German Chancellor Angela Merkel concentrating on her likely re-election in voting on Sunday, her coalition deputy still found time to echo French President Emmanuel Macron in ramming home the demand that Britain focus first on its exit.  We heard nothing concrete. It is time for the government of Great Britain to clearly state under what conditions it wants to leave the European Union,  Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said. May s speech was intended to jolt the divorce talks out of deadlock, three months after they began and to demonstrate some unity in her government   notably on remaining in the EU single market and accepting its rules for a couple of years after Brexit, a bitter pill for some hardline opponents of EU membership. But much of her 35-minute address dwelt on the  Shared Future . A Facebook video targeted at continental neighbors emphasized the message with clips from the speech. A Dutch-language version led off with the bold caption:  Wij willen uw beste vriend en partner zijn    We want to be your best friend and partner. The tone went down well with some:  There are many positive elements, especially regarding the future relations,  a senior EU government official said.  On the other hand, on issues related with the separation there is not much clarity. We are looking forward to receiving detailed proposals.  May made two potentially important concessions on the other two criteria for moving on to trade talks: a direct role for the EU-UK exit treaty and for EU case law in British judges  rulings on the future rights of EU citizens in Britain; and she said Brexit would not immediately cost other states money. On the first, Barnier may repeat the EU demand for direct oversight by European Court of Justice; on the second, EU negotiators insist Britain will owe a share of Union spending for years after the budget May referred to, which ends in 2020. One potential benefit from a transition period may be that it lets Britain present its voters with a somewhat less hefty bill for leaving than the 60 billion euros ($70 billion) or so that Brussels reckons it would owe the EU come March 2019. About a third of that 60 billion represents what the EU wants Britain to pay into the current budget for 2019 and 2020, whether or not it remains in the single market. By staying in for a transition period, Britain could deduct that 20 billion euro payment from the one-off, pre-Brexit divorce settlement. Such payments to the EU have become a hot-button issue for British voters, somewhat to the frustration of EU negotiators who note that Britain s annual net contribution to the EU budget represents little more than 1 percent of its public spending. May will meet Donald Tusk, who chairs EU summits, over lunch in London on Tuesday and then the 27 leaders at dinner in Estonia on Thursday, just after Barnier and Davis are expected to have concluded the negotiating round in Brussels.  The Europeans insist they will not negotiate with May over Barnier s head, but this week could be an important moment in setting how quickly they are willing to open trade talks for the future   and indeed in determining how far mutual tactics of bluff and counter-bluff may risk ending in chaos without a deal. ",1
19199,Kurdish city gassed by Saddam hopes referendum heralds better days,"HALABJA, Iraq (Reuters) - When poison gas killed thousands of Kurds in Halabja in 1988, its residents never imagined they would ever escape Saddam Hussein s grip, let alone vote one day in a referendum on secession from Iraq. The long-oppressed Kurds across northern Iraq are expected to get the chance to vote on Monday despite fierce opposition from the Baghdad government and regional powers who feel threatened by the referendum. It will be a bittersweet moment for the people of Halabja, a rundown city of around 75,000 people still facing the after-effects of the attack by Iraqi government forces. At a memorial to honor the victims is a statue of Omar Khawar, whose image holding his two dead twin babies which appeared in photographs around the world has come to symbolize the tragedy in Halabja. Halabja residents interviewed by Reuters said they would vote  Yes . But they were only cautiously optimistic. They wonder whether feuding Kurdish political parties can deliver on promises of a viable independent state when basic needs such as specialized medical care, jobs and infrastructure have not been met.  He would rest peacefully knowing that we will vote Yes,  said Khawar s nephew Borhan Gharib.  We think freedom is better than anything. There is no country that gets independence without a price.  The referendum will be the culmination of a century-long struggle for self-determination for the Kurds. When the Middle was carved up by the West in a deal in 1916 after the fall of the Ottoman empire, the Kurds were the largest ethnic group without a state. The region s roughly 30 million ethnic Kurds were left scattered across four countries   Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria.   Though they were widely mistreated, the Kurds suffered a particularly brutal fate in Iraq, where Saddam Hussein gassed them, buried them in mass graves and gave their land to Arabs. Halabja marked the peak of his campaign against the Kurds. Saddam accused the Halabja Kurds of siding with Iran during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war. The gas attack was a turning point, winning the Iraqi Kurds worldwide sympathy. Five thousand people, mostly women and children, were killed and thousands more wounded starting at 1153 a.m. on March 16, 1988 and more are still suffering from cancer and other diseases related to poison gas.   Yet, near the memorial is a hospital built for victims of the tragedy   construction has been completed but the facility was never opened.  I am very, very angry,  said Lukman Abdel Qadir Mohammed, whose organization represents the families of the victims.   We still send more than 1,000 people every month to Iran for treatment.  Mohammed was speaking to Reuters in the house of Omar Khawar, donated by Borhan to the Halabja Chemical Attack Victims  Society.  On the pavement outside is the spot where Khawar died, face down on the ground, trying to protect his sons. Gas crept into homes and along streets. His wife and eight daughters perished. Years later, the Kurds enjoyed unprecedented protection when Western powers set up a no-fly zone to protect them from Saddam Hussein s air force in the aftermath of the 1991 Gulf War. The U.S.-led invasion which toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003  enabled the Kurds to eventually set up a semi-autonomous region.  But neighboring countries worried that Iraqi Kurdish ambitions would embolden their own restive Kurdish populations to agitate for change. Despite those concerns, stronger than ever because of the referendum, jubilant Kurds waved flags in the streets in the run-up to the vote.   Halabja seemed less enthusiastic, unlike other cities where banners drawing attention to the referendum hang on buildings. Kurdish President Masoud Barzani has resisted pressure from Turkey and Iran, as well as Western powers, to postpone the vote for fears it could trigger regional chaos. Kashwar Mawloud spends works as a tour guide at the museum. Like others, she says she suffers from cancer from the attack and has to travel to a major city to get treatment every month. She never wants anyone to forget about the massacre. First she walks visitors through a room illustrating Halabja s rich political history and culture.  Then there are re-creations of iconic images of the day of the attack and reminders of who orchestrated the suffering.  They include the rope that museum officials say was used to hang Saddam s cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, who earned the nickname  chemical Ali  for directing a series of chemical attacks on Kurds, including Halabja.   Nearby is the death certificate issued after Saddam Hussein was executed following his trial. But when it comes to the future, Halabja Kurds wonder whether anything will change.  No one has invested anything in Halabja except for this museum,  said Mawloud. The region has long been plagued by political disunity between Barzani s Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and decades-old rival Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), headed by Jalal Talabani. It was most recently exacerbated by the extension of Barzani s term.  The KDP controls the western part of the region while the PUK runs the east, where Halabja is located. The two fought a civil war during the 1990s. Kurdish officials were not immediately available for comment on allegations that Halabja has been neglected. Galawish Kareem, 70, lives across the street from Omar Khawar s former home. She has not relied on any Kurdish political leaders for help since the attack destroyed her neighborhood and killed 70 relatives, including her son.  Barzani, Talabani have done nothing for us,  she said.  We rebuilt our houses ourselves.  She laughed when asked if the central government in Baghdad had helped. For some, like Gibrael Omar, Halabja s dark past, not the path to independence, is still the overriding issue.  Omar and his mother take turns visiting the mass grave where 33 members of their family were buried in the days following the attack.  I will vote for neither Yes or No,  he said at a cemetery. Some residents worry that the vote will only bring more bloodshed to the region, with fierce opposition from Turkey and Iran. The Baghdad government has called the vote unconstitutional.  Tensions are running high between Iranian-backed Shi ite militias and Kurdish fighters   who cooperated in the fight against Islamic State   over the prospect of an independent Kurdistan. Despite the uncertainty, Mohammed, the head of the victims  organization, says sacrifices must be made for the sake of liberty. He lost his siblings, mother and  wife and is still suffering from medical issues.  Conflict (between Kurds and Shi ite militias) will happen maybe not today or tomorrow. But it has to,  he said.  But ultimately we will be fine.  One hundred fighters from Halabja died fighting Daesh (Islamic State). We can send one hundred more to fight the militias.   ",1
19200,Kenya's chief prosecutor orders investigation into election board,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s chief prosecutor has directed the department of criminal investigations and the anti-corruption commission to investigate election board officials over possible offences in the invalidated Aug. 8 presidential vote, he said in a letter. Keriako Tobiko, the director of public prosecutions, also asked the two agencies to examine allegations that two senior opposition officials gained illegal access to servers of the election commission as the poll results were being tallied. The Supreme Court annulled the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta on Sept. 1, citing irregularities and illegalities in the transmission of results, and ordered a repeat election within 60 days. In its detailed ruling last Wednesday, the court said it had not found evidence of individual culpability among election board officials, adding the failings were institutional. Tobiko said in the letter seen by Reuters on Sunday that the court not finding individual culpability did not stop him from carrying out an investigation. Opposition leader Raila Odinga, who petitioned against Kenyatta s win, has said he will not participate in the re-run scheduled for Oct. 26 if officials at the election board are not sacked and prosecuted. The election board got the backing of Africa s Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD). The group, whose observation mission gave last month s poll a clean bill of health, said it was confident the board could manage a repeat the election well, warning against attempts to prevent it from carrying out its mandate.  Sabotaging IEBC (election board) or boycotting the elections will put Kenya in a constitutional crisis and likely on a path to unconstitutional change of government,  IGAD said in a statement published in local newspapers.  Tobiko ordered that 11 officials at the board, including its chief executive and a commissioner, be investigated over possible crimes and a report sent to him within 21 days. He also ordered that Odinga s lead lawyer in the petition, James Orengo, and Musalia Mudavadi, one of Odinga s top campaigners, be investigated for allegations of illegally accessing the election board s servers and threatening Kenyatta s chief agent during last month s vote. On Sunday, the local Standard newspaper reported that Kenyatta s legal team was preparing to lodge an application for a judicial review of the ruling that overturned his win. Citing a top official of Kenyatta s Jubilee party, the paper said the move was informed by details contained in two dissenting opinions from the six judge bench that heard the case.  Kenyatta s team will seek a recount of the ballots since the court, in the majority of four ruling, annulled the vote on a basis other than a dispute over the number of votes each candidate got, The Standard reported. Jubilee officials did not answer calls from Reuters seeking immediate comment. ",1
19201,Yemen's Hadi sees only a military solution to crisis: Arabiya TV,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A solution in Yemen s two and-a-half year-old civil war will likely come through military rather than political means, the country s Saudi-backed president said, blaming the Iran-aligned Houthis of obstructing chances of peace. Speaking in New York on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi also told the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya channel that a plan to hand over control of the country s main port to a neutral party remained blocked by the Houthis and their ally, former President Ali Abdullah Saleh.  The military solution is the more likely one for the Yemen crisis in light of the intransigence of the Houthi and Saleh coup militias which continue to take orders from Iran,  Hadi said in the interview, according to a text provided by the Yemeni state-run Saba news agency.  Despite that, the legitimate government continues to extend its hand for peace because it is responsible for the Yemeni people and for lifting the suffering from it,  he added. More than 10,000 people have been killed in the war, which began in March 2015 when the Houthis advanced on Hadi s interim headquarters in the southern port city of Aden, forcing him to flee the country and seek Saudi military help. A Saudi-led coalition has since joined the fighting in a war that has also caused one of the world s worst humanitarian crises and shows no signs of ending soon. The Houthis deny having significant ties to Iran, and say the Saudi-backed coalition seeks to foment  destruction  inside and outside the region. Hadi accused former U.S. President Barack Obama of turning a blind eye to what he described as Iranian expansion that allowed the Houthis to seize the Yemeni capital Sanaa as he was only preoccupied with the success of nuclear talks with Tehran.  But the position under the current administration is better because it stands on the basis that there should be pressure on the Houthis and Iran so their expansion in the region would stop.  Hadi said the Houthis still had a chance to join the political process if they agreed to hand over weapons and formed a party to help pursue national reconciliation. The Houthis say they are willing to hand over their weapons to a national unity government formed to represent the whole country. ",1
19202,U.S cautions citizens of possible unrest during Kurdish independence referendum,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. embassy in Iraq cautioned its citizens that there may be unrest during a referendum on independence planned by the  Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq, opposed by the central  government in Baghdad.   In particular, U.S. citizens should avoid travel into and within territories disputed between the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) and the Government of Iraq,  the travel warning said. The KRG has resisted calls by the United Nations, the United States and Britain to delay the referendum. Iraq s powerful neighbors, Iran and Turkey, strongly oppose the vote as they fear could fuel separatism among their own Kurds. ",1
19203,Two-thirds of Japan voters oppose PM Abe calling snap election: Kyodo survey,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Almost two-thirds of Japanese voters are opposed to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe calling a snap election, a Kyodo news agency survey showed on Sunday, a day before the Japanese leader is expected to announce an October vote. According to the survey, 27 percent of the respondents plan to vote for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party in proportional representation districts in the expected lower house election, versus 8 percent who favor the struggling main opposition Democratic Party. The poll also showed that 6.2 percent will vote for a new party aligned with popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, which is expected to be launched this week. Another 42.2 percent remain undecided. Abe is expected on Monday to announce plans to call a general election for Oct. 22 to take advantage of a rebound in his damaged approval ratings and an opposition in political disarray, ruling party and government sources said. ",1
19204,From nursery to university: Emerging market investors buy into education,"LONDON (Reuters) - Two decades after Yusuf Karodia launched Mancosa, a distance learning school to teach South Africans business skills, he sold up to UK private equity firm Actis. From nurseries to exam tutoring and adult education, teaching businesses are booming as populations rise and cash-strapped governments fail to keep up with demand.  With 263 million children out of school worldwide, according to 2014 data from the United Nations, investors are keen to access a growing sector with few publicly-listed companies.  Karodia said Actis was one of a stream of interested private investors.    We had about an overture a week to partner with someone,  he told Reuters. Mancosa is now part of Actis s expanding higher education portfolio in Africa. It has spent $275 million since 2014, investing in education institutes across the continent which it groups under the brand name Honoris Universities and plans to list on a stock market in the next two to three years. Karodia, who will also get a stake in Honoris, says there is huge demand for education in Africa.    Quality education - especially coming from the private sector - is going to play an ever increasingly important role,  he said.  The International Commission on Financing Global Education Opportunity estimates that international financing for education in low- and middle-income countries will need to increase from today s estimated $16 billion per year to $89 billion by 2030. Jetilde Carlos is a 22-year old final year finance student at the Varsity College in Cape Town, owned by Johannesburg-listed ADvTECH Group. Carlos missed out on a place at a state university.  Its not that my parents had the money but they really wanted a better life for me. They didn t want me to sit at home looking for job when I might not even find one,  she said.  The degree is worth it in the end        Investors are keen for a slice of the market because the fee-paying structure guarantees a regular income stream. The sector is also relatively resilient to economic ups and downs as parents increasingly prioritize their children s education.   It goes with the whole consumer spending (trend) in emerging markets, and as income levels rise and there is more disposable income available what you re seeing is the population is looking to spend in areas such as education,  said Patricia Ribeiro, an equity portfolio manager at American Century Investments. Carlos paid a deposit of 25,000 rand ($1,876.38). If you pay up front the total is 70,500 rand but the monthly payments that she has chosen bring the total to about 90,000 rand for one year s tuition.  The sector is dominated by private equity players. MSCI s emerging equity index contains only three education stocks - New York-listed Chinese firms TAL and New Oriental Education and Brazil s Kroton.  Morgan Stanley describes shares in Chinese education operators as  attractive . China s education market catering for children from nursery to end of secondary school will grow 8 percent annually to become a 3 trillion yuan ($460 billion) market in 2020, the bank told clients.  Recent regulatory changes are set to benefit private tutoring firms, many of which prepare high-school pupils for university. TAL said in July that student enrolment was up more than 60 percent year-on-year, with a matching rise in revenue. Its stock has soared 180 percent since January. New Oriental Education projects revenue growth of as much as 24 percent in the three months to end-August. Its shares are up 114 percent since the start of 2017.  China is very exam-driven from kindergarten on and they are competing more and more with U.S. schools,  said Sandra Ackermann-Schaufler, senior portfolio manager for emerging markets at SEI.  If anyone thinks it s tough to get into U.S. universities they should look at the top Chinese universities....the growth you could see is explosive growth.  Valuations are soaring, possibly because fund managers are chasing too few companies. TAL s price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is nearly 130, while New Oriental Education hovers around 50. In contrast, MSCI s emerging equity index trades at a P/E of around 12.   If you look at PE historically or if you look at PE this year, they look very expensive,  Julian Mayo, portfolio manager at Charlemagne Capital. Brazil became another destination for those seeking exposure to education stocks after 2009 when the government boosted loan programs for students attending for-profit colleges.  One of the main beneficiaries was Brazil s largest for-profit college operator Kroton Educacional.  While the recent recession in Latin America s biggest economy led to a fall in student loans, the biggest companies are already well-established, fund managers said.  Results published last month showed revenue growing near double-digits on the quarter, with gross margins well above 70 percent. Kroton s stock has risen more than 50 percent since the start of the year. The Gulf region also offers opportunities. Kuwait-based HumanSoft, which establishes and manages private universities and colleges listed in 2005.   United Arab Emirates-based GEMS Education, which operates more than 250 schools across 14 countries and counts Blackstone among its stakeholders, has indicated plans to list. In Africa, many governments want more private investors in education but they are approaching it cautiously. They want regulations in place to ensure the quality is high. Pelonomi Venson-Moitoi, Minister of International Affairs and Cooperation in Botswana said some young people had left private universities with certificates that  opened no doors . She said it was difficult to make sure  the people who are investing in education are not fraudsters, what we are finding is that some people are not there to deliver quality education.    We learned this very badly ourselves... but now people come in and invest, and this is taking a huge load off the government,  she said.  ",1
19205,First refugees taken from offshore detention under U.S. refugee swap deal,"Sydney (Reuters) - Refugees have left one of Australia s offshore detention centers on Sunday for the United States, an asylum seeker and a refugee advocate said, as part of a swap brokered by former U.S. president Barack Obama last year. Refugee Action Coalition s Ian Rintoul told Reuters he had spoken with some of the group by phone and that 22 men were in Port Moresby on Sunday night. Rintoul said the group had been told they would be flown to the United States via the Philippines on Wednesday.  They re happy they re going, and they never want to hear about Australia again,  he said, speaking from Sydney. Kurdish-Iranian journalist Behrouz Boochani, who has been held at the Manus Island detention center in Papua New Guinea, said in a Facebook post that  about 25 men   had left the center around 8am local time. Australia s Department of Immigration and Border Control did not respond to requests for comment on the move on Sunday.  The move comes days after Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull gave the first official timetable for when the 1,250 people in the centers on Manus Island and Nauru would be resettled in the US. Turnbull said Australia would begin resettling several dozen Central American refugees within weeks under the deal that U.S. President Donald Trump described as  dumb  but has nevertheless said Washington will honor.  There will be about 25 from both Manus and Nauru (that) will be going to the United States and I just want to thank again President Trump for continuing with that arrangement,  Turnbull said in a video statement. While Trump has said he would honor the swap agreement, concerns remain about how many asylum-seekers will be resettled from the Australian-run centers. ",1
19206,Bodybuilder dies after celebrity Muay Thai match with ex-Singapore Idol contestant,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A Singaporean bodybuilder has died after a celebrity Muay Thai fight against former Singapore Idol contestant Steven Lim in the city-state, the event organiser and local media said. The match on Saturday was the 32-year-old Pradip Subramanian s first Muay Thai fight, the Straits Times newspaper reported on Sunday. Subramanian was a late replacement for Lim s original opponent, Sylvester Sim, who pulled out because of insurance issues. Both Sim and Lim, a YouTube personality, were contestants in the first Singapore Idol series in 2004. After the match, which was won by 41-year-old Lim, Subramanian was rushed to the hospital where he died, media reported. The match was part of the inaugural Asia Fighting Championship, which was organized by Axseed Events, an event management firm, and Muse Fitness Club, a Muay Thai training facility. Subramanian died at the Singapore General Hospital at about 1300 GMT on Saturday, Asia Fighting Championship said in an emailed statement.  According to the preliminary medical report released by Singapore General Hospital, Mr. Pradip Subramanian suffered a cardiac arrest respiratory failure episode which led to his passing,  the statement said, adding the final medical report would be released in 30 to 60 days. Lim said in a Facebook post:  Rest in peace, my really truly respected fearless warrior and fighter and awesome boxing instructor, Pradip Subramanian!!!  ",1
19207,Britain will diverge from EU regulations post-Brexit: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday Britain s rules and regulations will diverge from those set by the European Union after Brexit because the government  will do things our own way . As a member of the EU, Britain must meet the rules and regulations of the bloc to have full access to the single market and frictionless trade.  We start at the same position, but we will manage the divergence,  Davis told the BBC s Andrew Marr television show.  Of course we will diverge, we will do things our own way.    ",1
19208,North Korea says rockets to U.S. 'inevitable' as U.S. bombers fly off North Korean coast,"UNITED NATIONS/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea said on Saturday targeting the U.S. mainland with its rockets was inevitable after  Mr. Evil President  Donald Trump called Pyongyang s leader  rocket man , further escalating rhetoric over the North s nuclear weapons and missile programs. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho s remarks to the United Nations General Assembly came hours after U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers escorted by fighters flew in international airspace over waters east of North Korea in a show of force the Pentagon said showed the range of military options available to Trump. Ri s speech capped a week of rising tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, with Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un trading insults. Trump called Kim a  madman  on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard.  On Saturday, the mudslinging continued with Ri calling Trump  a mentally deranged person full of megalomania and complacency  who is trying to turn the United Nations into a  gangsters  nest . Ri said Trump himself was on a  suicide mission  after the U.S. president had said Kim was on such a mission.  President Evil  is holding the seat of the U.S. President,  Ri said, warning that Pyongyang was ready to defend itself if the United States showed any sign of conducting a  decapitating operation on our headquarters or military attack against our country .  Now we are finally only a few steps away from the final gate of completion of the state nuclear force,  Ri told the annual gathering of world leaders. He said sanctions would have no effect on Pyongyang s resolve to develop its nuclear weapons, with the ultimate goal being  balance of power with the U.S.  Trump announced new U.S. sanctions on Thursday that he said allow targeting of companies and institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea.  Earlier this month the U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted its ninth round of sanctions on Pyongyang to counter its nuclear and ballistic missiles programs. The U.S. bombers  flight was the farthest north of the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea that any U.S. fighter jet or bomber has flown in the 21st century, the Pentagon said.  This mission is a demonstration of U.S. resolve and a clear message that the President has many military options to defeat any threat,  said Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White.  We are prepared to use the full range of military capabilities to defend the U.S. homeland and our allies.  North Korea has launched dozens of missiles this year, several flying over Japan, as it accelerates its program aimed at enabling it to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. Ri met with U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres after delivering his speech. Guterres expressed concern to Ri over the escalating tensions and appealed for de-escalation, the United Nations said in a statement. The Pentagon said the B-1B bombers came from Guam and their U.S. Air Force F-15C Eagle fighter escorts came from Okinawa, Japan. Previous shows of force with bombers have stayed south of the demilitarized zone. The patrols came after officials and experts said a small earthquake near North Korea s nuclear test site on Saturday was probably not man-made, easing fears Pyongyang had exploded another nuclear bomb just weeks after its last one. China s Earthquake Administration said the quake was not a nuclear explosion and had the characteristics of a natural tremor. The CTBTO, or Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty Organization, which monitors nuclear tests, and officials of the South Korean meteorological agency also said they believed it was a natural quake. The earthquake, which South Korea s Meteorological Agency  put at magnitude 3.0, was detected 49 km from Kilju in North Hamgyong Province, where North Korea s known Punggye-ri nuclear site is located, the official said. All North Korea s nuclear tests registered as earthquakes of magnitude 4.3 or above. The last registered as a magnitude 6.3. Tensions have continued to rise around the Korean Peninsula since Pyongyang carried out its sixth test, prompting a new round of U.N. sanctions. Trump told the United Nations on Tuesday the United States would  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies. North Korea s nuclear tests to date have all been underground, and experts say an atmospheric test, which would be the first since one by China in 1980, would be proof of the success of its weapons program. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, of planning to invade and regularly threatens to destroy it and its Asian allies. (For graphic on Nuclear North Korea, click tmsnrt.rs/2lE5yjF)  (For graphic on a tally of nuclear tests, click tmsnrt.rs/2xWf6jA) ",1
19209,Australian Hindus protest meat advertisement featuring Lord Ganesha,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Hundreds of people attended rallies in Australia s major cities on Sunday to protest an advertisement the Indian community described as  highly insulting  in its depiction of the Hindu deity Lord Ganesha. The India Forum Australia (IFA) arranged the protests in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth in response to a Meat and Livestock Australia (MLA) advertisement, aired earlier this month. The ad featured various religious figures including the Hindu god, considered vegetarian by followers, sitting down to a meal of lamb. IFA president Nihal Agar said on Sunday the MLA had not listened to the Indian community s earlier concerns when the ad initially screened.  To say something is legal is one thing, but it s something else to touch the heart and that is how MLA has failed our community,  he said.  This is not the multicultural Australia that we truly love.  Earlier this month, India s High Commission in Canberra lodged a complaint with the Australian government asking for the ad s removal. The Advertising Standards Bureau dismissed complaints, saying Lord Ganesha was depicted positively and that the advertisement s intent was to be inclusive. Assistant Minister for Social Services and Multicultural Affairs, Zed Seselja, told Reuters on Sunday that he had met Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and leaders of Australia s Hindu community because of the  genuine hurt  that had been caused. Seselja said organizations needed to consider the impact on people of faith when they exercised their freedom of speech but cautioned against censorship. An MLA spokesman said in a statement after the ad first aired that the organization had undertaken  extensive research and consultation  while making the advertisement. The industry association has a history of controversial campaigns, geared at generating discussion and promoting meat consumption. Another advertisement this year featuring indigenous Australians welcoming boat arrivals to a barbecue on a beach was described as insensitive while a previous campaign was criticized for promoting violence against vegans. ",1
19210,New Zealand's ruling party ahead after poll but kingmaker in no rush to decide,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leaders of New Zealand s main parties prepared on Sunday to start talks with Winston Peters, the leader of a nationalist party who emerged as kingmaker after an inconclusive general election, but Peters indicated he was in no rush to pick a side. Prime Minister Bill English s National Party won the largest number of votes in Saturday s general election, securing a comfortable margin over the Labour opposition after what had shaped as one of the closest votes in recent history. But it was Peters and his often controversial New Zealand First Party who emerged in a position of power, with both National and Labour needing his support to form a government under New Zealand s proportional representation system. The National Party, which has been in power for a decade, secured 46 percent of the vote, while Labour had 35.8 percent and New Zealand First 7.5 percent. A final tally, including overseas votes, will be released on Oct. 7. The results so far secured 58 seats for National in the 120-seat parliament and 45 for Labour. New Zealand First has nine seats and the Green Party has seven. Labour and the Greens already have a working agreement, with Labour leader Jacinda Ardern potentially in a position to form a coalition government with 61 seats if she wins Peters  support - the bare minimum needed. Peters, who has served in previous Labour and National governments, appeared to be in no hurry. He told reporters on Sunday he had not yet received any calls from National or Labour, and had not contacted them. The colourful populist, a rugby-loving former foreign minister, has in the past backed the party that won the most votes but said he was discussing options with members of his own party first.  I m doing it one-by-one by phone,  said Peters, a lawyer of indigenous Maori and Scottish descent. Asked how long it might be before he made a decision, Peters said:  How long before I pick you up and throw you into the water over there?  Ardern, a charismatic 37-year-old, revived her party s flagging fortunes after only taking over as leader in August but fell far short of what early opinion polls suggested could have been a stunning turnaround. She said it would be hard to complete coalition talks until all votes were tallied. Speaking outside her home in Auckland on Sunday, she said her centre-left party would not concede until  we are sure that a stable government has been formed . English said he would proceed with negotiations with New Zealand First.  The shortest path to stable government is a two-party coalition between National and New Zealand First,  English told a news conference. Analysts saw English and his National Party as the clear favorites.  I think it s fairly obvious that it will be a National-New Zealand First government,  said Grant Duncan, associate professor at Massey University. National and Labour were both expected to maintain a policy of fiscal prudence if they form the next government, although they differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration.  That would likely have implications for the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most-traded currency. The currency had tended to rise when National rose in the pre-election polls.  Clearly when we open on Monday morning we re at the moment no better off   it s either going to be Labour or National leading the country,  Stuart Ive, a Wellington-based dealer at OM Financial, said on Sunday. Peters has been in parliament since 1978 and was a member of the National Party until he formed New Zealand First in 1993. He was first cast as kingmaker in 1996, when he famously put off coalition talks the day after the election to go fishing. He has often expressed views, such as opposing Chinese migration, that have been criticized as xenophobic. His policies consistently center around tight immigration controls and reduced taxation. (Click tmsnrt.rs/2joJZGV for a graphic on 'New Zealand parliamentary elections') (Click tmsnrt.rs/2faMawe for a graphic on 'New Zealand markets react to opinion polls') ",1
19211,"Taliban shut down clinics in southern Afghan province, official says","KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The Taliban has shut down dozens of clinics in the southern Afghan province of Uruzgan in the past few days, officials said, amid demands for special treatment for its fighters who control most of the embattled region. Dost Mohammad Nayab, a spokesman for the provincial governor, said authorities were talking to elders, asking them to intercede with the Taliban to allow the clinics to reopen.  Hospitals are not places for politics and we are asking the Taliban to let our doctors and healthcare workers return,  Nayab said. Only three clinics, including the provincial hospital, were operating after the Taliban shut down 46 of the 49 treatment centers in Uruzgan since Friday, Nayab said. The Taliban were asking for special treatment for their fighters, he said.  We have asked elders in the areas to talk to the Taliban to fix this problem,  he said. Uruzgan, which abuts the Taliban heartlands of Kandahar and Helmand, has been under intense pressure from the insurgents for years and the defences of the provincial capital Tarin Kot were briefly overrun last year. A Taliban spokesman confirmed that its fighters had closed down dozens of treatment centers but said it was done because of poor services, underlining its push to replace basic government services in many areas under its control.  In most of these centers there was no proper medication. There were no doctors or healthcare personnel,  the spokesman said.  We asked repeatedly for better services but no one cared. Now if the local administration do not provide basics, we will.  The incident underlines the difficulty the Western-backed government in Kabul has in exerting control in provincial regions where the insurgency is strongest. U.S. officials estimate that the Taliban, fighting to drive out foreign forces and impose strict Islamic law on Afghanistan, control or contest around 40 percent of the country, although they have not taken any major provincial city.  Uruzgan province was identified by U.S. commanders as a major priority for 2017 and there has been a big focus on bolstering Afghan forces with on-the-ground U.S. training teams. ",1
19212,Fears of dam collapse add to Puerto Rico's misery after hurricane,"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Puerto Rico s governor met mayors from around the ravaged island on Saturday after surveying damage to an earthen dam in the northwestern part of the U.S. territory that was threatening to collapse from flooding in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. Some 70,000 people who live downstream from the compromised dam, which has formed a lake on the rain-swollen Guajataca River, were under orders to evacuate, with the structure in danger of bursting at any time.  We saw directly the damage to the Guajataca dam,  Governor Ricardo Rossello said in a Spanish-language Twitter message on Saturday while reinforcing his request that people leave the area as soon as possible.  The fissure has become a significant rupture,  Rossello said separately at a news conference on Saturday. The U.S. National Weather Service said on its website the dam was still in danger of failing and triggering life-threatening flash floods.   Stay away or be swept away,  it warned.  Meanwhile, people across the island were struggling to dig out from the devastation left by the storm, which killed at least 25 people, including at least 10 in Puerto Rico, as it churned across the Caribbean, according to officials and media reports.  To all Puerto Ricans, please know we will get back up,  the governor tweeted as he met mayors in the territory to identify their most urgent needs.  Together with the mayors, as one government.4Puerto Rico   In a development that could help the recovery effort, the Port of San Juan reopened, according to a Twitter message from the agency that operates it, allowing ships to unload supplies. Severe flooding, structural damage to homes and virtually no electric power were three of the most pressing problems facing Puerto Ricans, said New York Governor Andrew Cuomo during a tour of the island.  It s a terrible immediate situation that requires assistance from the federal government - not just financial assistance,  said Cuomo, whose state is home to millions of people of Puerto Rican descent.   It is a dangerous situation today and it s going to be a long-term reconstruction issue for months,  Cuomo, a Democrat and potential 2020 presidential candidate, told CNN. Maria, the second major hurricane to savage the Caribbean this month and the most powerful storm to strike Puerto Rico in nearly a century, carved a path of destruction on Wednesday. It knocked out electricity, apart from emergency generators, on the island of 3.4 million inhabitants. Near the rain-swollen Guajataca River, in the northwest part of the island, floodwater littered with branches and debris engulfed the first floor of a number of homes and swamped vehicles that were left behind.  We lost our house, it was completely flooded,  said  resident Carmen Gloria Lamb.  We lost everything, cars, clothes, everything.  The storm has resulted in 10 confirmed fatalities on the island so far, Rossello s office told CNN on Saturday. The governor s office could not be reached for comment by Reuters. Signs of the strain on Puerto Ricans were evident throughout San Juan, the capital. Drivers had to wait up to seven hours at the few filling stations open on Saturday, according to news reports, and lines of cars snaked for blocks. Hotels warned that guests might have to leave soon without fresh supplies of diesel to keep generators operating. Water rationing also began on Saturday. Signs posted throughout San Juan s Old Town informed residents that service would return for two hours each day, between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m., until further notice.  Telephone service was also unreliable, with many of the island s cell towers damaged or destroyed.  People swarmed under some of the towers, holding up their devices in the hopes of getting a signal. The governor also extended a nightly curfew on Saturday, the Caribbean Business newspaper reported. At San Juan s Luis Munoz Marin International Airport, Mary Ann Arciola, her 32-year-old daughter and two young grandchildren slept in a rented van hoping to get a flight home to the United States.  There s nobody at the desks. There s nothing on the screens,  said Arciola, 62.  There s a ton of people. They are starting to fight. It s not good.  Maria struck Puerto Rico as a Category 4 storm on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale as the island was already facing the largest municipal debt crisis in U.S. history. The storm may have caused an estimated $45 billion in damage and lost economic activity across the Caribbean, with at least $30 billion of that in Puerto Rico, said Chuck Watson, a disaster modeler at Enki Research in Savannah, Georgia.  Elsewhere in the Caribbean, 14 deaths were reported on Dominica, an island nation of 71,000 inhabitants.  Two people were killed in the French territory of Guadeloupe and one in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Two people died in the Dominican Republic on Thursday, according to media outlet El Jaya. Maria still had sustained winds of up to 115 miles per hour (185 km per hour) on Saturday, making it a Category 3 hurricane, but was expected to weaken gradually over the next two days as it turned more sharply to the north. Dangerous surf and rip currents driven by the storm were expected along the southeastern coast of the U.S. mainland for several days, the National Hurricane Center said. Maria hit about two weeks after Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record, killed more than 80 people in the Caribbean and the United States. It followed Hurricane Harvey, which also killed more than 80 people when it struck Texas in late August and caused flooding in Houston. ",1
19213,U.S.-backed forces capture big gas field in Syria's Deir al-Zor: senior commander,"AMMAN (Reuters) - U.S.-backed forces said on Saturday they had seized a major natural gas field in Syria s Deir al-Zor province from Islamic State militants in rapid advances since the start of an operation earlier this month to capture areas east of the Euphrates river. Commander Ahmed Abu Khawla told Reuters that the Conoco gas field was the first of its kind taken by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, since it began an offensive earlier this month to capture the eastern province.  This is the first gas or oil field in the campaign which we have liberated,  said the commander of the group whose campaign is in parallel with an ongoing battle for the nearby Raqqa city. The Conoco field is named for the American company which discovered the gas reserves and built a processing plant there. It has been the target of U.S. strikes and was used to supply cooking gas canisters for household use. Before the conflict it supplied gas to power stations. In Deir al-Zor, Islamic State is battling two separate offensives, one launched by the SDF and the other by the Syrian army and its allies. Syrian troops supported by Iranian-backed militias have also crossed to the eastern side of the river, increasing their presence in an area where U.S.-backed militias have also advanced. The assaults by the Russian-backed Syrian army and the U.S.-backed SDF have at times raised fears of clashes that could stoke tensions between the competing world powers. Islamic State s last major stronghold, the cities, towns and farms in the fertile strip along the Euphrates are fast becoming the focus of Syria s war. Abu Khawla said the Syrian army and their allies were within four km (2.5 miles) of the SDF positions.  Russia said on Thursday it had warned the United States it would target areas in Syria where U.S. special forces and U.S.-backed militia were operating if its own forces came under fire from them, something it said had already happened twice.[L5N1M235E] The Russian warning underscored growing tensions over Syria between Moscow and Washington. While both oppose Islamic State, they are engaged, via proxies, in a race for strategic influence and potential resources in the form of oilfields in Deir al-Zor province. The Syrian army s command said in a statement its forces captured at least 44 villages and towns since launching two weeks ago an assault into Deir al-Zor city that ended a militant siege which had lasted three years. On Saturday the army also announced it took Maadan town, in southern Raqqa along the provincial boundary with Deir al Zor province.   Army commanders however say militants in Hweija Sakr, southeast of the river are slowing their advance, hiding amid thick vegetation and waging hit and run ambushes and suicide bombings. Islamic State s  Amaq newsagency said they had killed and injured at least seventy army fighters in a suicide bombing attack on an army convoy in the area. Colonel Ryan Dillon, spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, denied that Washington was in a race with Moscow over the oil-rich province, saying contacts with the Russian military were intensifying to avoid confrontation.  From the coalition s perspective it has not been a race, we are not in the land-grabbing business,  Dillon told Reuters. U.S.-backed forces were avoiding the eastern bank of Deir al-Zor city right now where the Syrian army was fighting the jihadists and seeking to expand control in the area northeast of the river still held by the militants, Dillon said.  The eventual goal was to move toward the Iraqi border near the main militant strongholds of al-Mayadeen, about 80 km (50 miles) west of the Iraqi border and al-Bukamal, both large urban centres where the Euphrates flows through.  The SDF are not moving toward the banks of the Euphrates river right now (near the city of Deir al-Zor). They are moving east toward the Iraqi border ... and continuing to push and expand into ISIS-held territory,  he added.  Our goal as I have said a dozen times is fighting ISIS. We don t have a fight with the (Syrian) regime. We are not in a fight with the Russians. We are there to fight ISIS and that s what we are going to do,  the U.S. army spokesman said.  ",1
19214,"Deadly aftershock, volcanic ash spread alarm in Mexico","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A magnitude 6.2 aftershock that shook Mexico on Saturday was blamed for five deaths, spreading fear among anxious residents reeling from a string of natural disasters and interrupting the search for survivors from a bigger tremor earlier this week. The Popocatepetl volcano south of Mexico City sent a column of ash into the sky, capping an intense period of seismic activity including two powerful tremors this month that have killed more than 400 people and caused damage of up to $8 billion. Mexico s capital was shattered by Tuesday s magnitude 7.1 quake that flattened dozens of buildings and killed at least 307 people. The government s response to the disaster is under close scrutiny ahead of a presidential election next year. Although the latest quake was not as destructive, fear is  running high among the population. Terrified residents ran into the streets, where they crouched and prayed as earthquake sirens went off. Two women died of heart attacks as the ground shook, the city government said. Tents were set up in different parts of the city where psychologists offered mental health support to survivors and rescuers traumatized by the natural disasters. Acts of solidarity came from all corners of Mexican society. Tuesday s quake hit on the anniversary of a 1985 tremor that, by some estimates, killed 10,000 people. Roxana Trani, a 30-year-old banker, was one of the thousands of young Mexicans who turned to social media to find out how to help. She joined one of the aid collection centers that popped up in Mexico City and traveled to Puebla state in one of many convoys flooding from the city to more isolated communities.  I never understood why the people who suffered the  85 quake were so afraid of the slightest tremors. Now I get it,  Trani said.   Being at a funeral and seeing all the pain that one minute caused has changed me,  she said. Concern that the aftershock could cause further collapses paralyzed rescue efforts at a housing complex in the Tlalpan neighborhood of Mexico City, frustrating first responders who  believed people were alive under the rubble. By the evening, hard-hatted first responders were again digging for bodies or survivors in a dwindling number of rubble heaps. Their work barely skipped a beat elsewhere when earthquake alarms twice rang out across the city. The United States Geological Survey said the latest quake was relatively shallow with an epicenter near Juchitan, a tropical region of Oaxaca state hard hit by a massive 8.1 magnitude tremor that struck on Sept. 7. Three people died in Oaxaca during Saturday s tremor, including a man who was attacked by a swarm of wild bees, authorities said.  Mexico s seismological authorities said it was an aftershock of the Sept. 7 tremor, which was the strongest to hit the country in 85 years and killed at least 98 people. The Popocatepetl volcano, which is visible on a clear day to the approximately 20 million people who live in the Mexico City metropolitan region, spewed vapor and ash-filled gas after two small eruptions on Saturday. Dozens of buildings were brought to the ground by Tuesday s earthquake, while an army of trained rescuers helped by droves of volunteers frantically removed rubble in a day-and-night search for survivors. Apartment buildings, offices, a school and a textile factory were among the structures flattened, leaving thousands homeless. The search had wound up at many sites by Saturday. Officials said there could be some 30,000 badly damaged homes in the adjacent states of Morelos and Puebla. RMS, a risk modeling company, estimated economic losses of $4 billion to $8 billion. Mexican volunteers, professionals and soldiers backed by teams from the United States and countries as far away as Japan and Chile have saved 69 people from the rubble after several days of searching. But in the past 48 hours rescuers have found more corpses than survivors, and frustration was mounting. A government response seen as lacking in the disastrous 1985 temblor severely damaged the credibility of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party. Mexico is now better prepared to deal with the aftermath of earthquakes, thanks to disaster planning, civic groups, a stringent building code and communication technology. The government has run a massive search-and-rescue operation involving thousands of soldiers and police, but victims in outlying areas of the city and surrounding villages complained that aid has been slow to arrive.   Here we have no help, everything is in the center (of the city),  said Justina Gonzalez, 55, a shopkeeper in the Xochimilco district in the far south of the city whose two-bedroom house fell down on Tuesday. She now lives in a tent and said neighbors were bringing her family food.   We lost everything, we don t even have a way to cook,  Gonzalez said. ",1
19215,Auditor says he was forced to quit Vatican after finding irregularities,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican s first auditor-general, who resigned without explanation in June, has broken his silence, saying he was forced to step down with trumped-up accusations after discovering evidence of possible illegal activity. Speaking to reporters from four media organizations including Reuters in the office of his lawyers in Rome, Libero Milone also said he believed that some in the Vatican wanted to slow down Pope Francis s efforts at financial reform. He said he could not give details of the irregularities he had found because of non-disclosure agreements. Reuters was unable to independently verify his assertions, which the Vatican strongly contested. The Holy See s deputy secretary of state, Archbishop Giovanni Angelo Becciu, told Reuters in an interview that Milone s claims were  false and unjustified .  He went against all the rules and was spying on the private lives of his superiors and staff, including me,  Becciu said.    If he had not agreed to resign, we would have prosecuted him.  Domenico Giani, the Vatican s police chief, told Reuters there had been  overwhelming evidence  against Milone. Neither Becciu nor Giani provided details to support their assertions. The 69-year-old left the Vatican two years after being hired with great fanfare to introduce more transparency into the sometimes murky finances at the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his resignation, with three years left on his contract, neither the Vatican nor Milone, formerly chairman and CEO of the global accounting firm Deloitte in Italy, gave any explanation for his departure. A Vatican statement at the time said only that it was  by mutual agreement . Milone, who had also worked for the United Nations and the car giant Fiat, said Becciu had ordered him to resign on the morning of June 19. Milone was told that he was being dismissed on the basis of a seven-month investigation by Vatican police.  The facts presented to me on the morning of the 19th were fake, fabricated,  he said.  I was in shock. All the reasons had no credible foundation.  Both Becciu and Giani, the police chief, said Milone had been given a choice: resign or face public prosecution by the Vatican s courts.  In a certain sense, we were protecting his reputation,  Becciu said. Milone said he had been accused of misuse of funds for hiring an outside firm to check the security of computers in the Vatican offices where he worked with a staff of 14, including two deputy auditors-general.  A document from the Vatican prosecutor authorizing the search of his offices on the day of his resignation, which Milone s lawyers showed to reporters, said he had carried out investigations  in clear violation  of the statutes of his department. It was not clear which statutes were said to have been violated. Article two of the statutes says the auditor-general has  full autonomy and independence , including to  receive and investigate any reports on anomalous activities  of Vatican entities.  My work has to be independent. It is very difficult to act with independence when departments blocked our activity or tried to control it,  he said. The search warrant also said he had looked into the affairs of high-ranking Church members without authorization. Milone said this referred to him looking into suspicions about the possible conflict of interest of an Italian cardinal, whom he declined to name. His investigation found nothing, but Milone said he believed he was being punished for starting it in the first place. He said his troubles had begun on the morning of Sept. 27, 2015, when he suspected that his office computer had been tampered with. He contacted an external company that had done work for him before to check for surveillance devices  because there are no such specialized people  in the Vatican. The company discovered that his computer had been the target of an unauthorized access, and that his secretary s computer had been infected with spyware that copied files. Reuters was not able to independently determine which company had been hired or its findings. Becciu said there was proof that the outside contractor had been helping Milone to spy on others. Milone said that, after about 12 hours of questioning by Vatican police, he had decided to sign a resignation letter in order to  protect my family and my reputation . Asked why he had waited three months before telling his side of the story, Milone said he had wanted to think  and let things settle .  I wrote to the pope in mid-July and gave him my point of view, explaining that the whole thing was a set-up,  he said, adding that the pope had not replied. Becciu said the pope had been told of the investigation and the evidence before Milone was asked to resign. ",1
19216,Macron's popularity improving: poll,"PARIS (Reuters) - Fewer French voters are dissatisfied with Emmanuel Macron s performance, a poll showed on Sunday, halting a recent slide in the popularity ratings of the French president in recent months. The poll, conducted by Ifop for newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche (JDD), showed Macron s  dissatisfaction rating  declining to 53 percent in September, from 57 percent in August. Some 45 percent expressed satisfaction with the centrist leader - up from 40 percent in August. The poll of 1,989 people was carried out on Sept. 15-23. Macron s approval ratings have dropped sharply in opinion polls since his election in May, dragged down by labor reforms and planned budget cuts, including a decrease in housing aid for students. The new poll comes as French far-left opposition party leader Jean-Luc Melenchon drew tens of thousands to a rally on Saturday against Macron s labor reforms, aiming to reinforce his credentials as Macron s strongest political opponent.  ",1
19217,"China to push for greater cooperation on graft, terrorism at Interpol meeting","BEIJING (Reuters) - China will push for greater international cooperation in the fight against corruption and terrorism when it hosts Interpol s general assembly next week, according to diplomatic sources familiar with the matter, against a backdrop of concerns China is using the body for its own goals. Last year, the global police cooperation agency elected a senior Chinese public security official, Vice Public Security Minister Meng Hongwei, as its president, prompting rights groups to ask whether Beijing could try and use the position to go after dissidents abroad. Beijing has tried for many years to enlist the help of foreign countries to arrest and deport back to China citizens it accuses of crimes including corruption and terrorism. The three Beijing-based sources, who are familiar with the planning for the Interpol meeting, said China is likely to make these two areas its focus for the general assembly. Beijing has faced reluctance, in Western countries in particular, when it asks for the repatriation of those wanted for alleged crimes in China. Governments and judiciary in these countries have been concerned that the Chinese don t produce evidence acceptable for Western courts, and that defendants might be mistreated and won t get a fair trial in China amid concerns that allegations can be politically motivated. Western diplomats familiar with Chinese requests say China sometimes misunderstands that in Western countries it needs to process its demands through the courts.  They re often quite surprised to hear that we can t simply hand them over,  said one diplomat, declining to be named given the sensitivity of the matter.     But China s security officials have been working to understand the legal requirements of developed countries and international bodies so their requests for expedition become more palatable. Beijing has also been attempting to build intelligence sharing relationships with Western countries in the fight against Islamist militants, diplomats say. China is itself battling what it says are Uighur extremists operating in its far Western region of Xinjiang. Speaking last week, Li Shulei, who leads China s efforts to find and return those suspected of corruption who live abroad, called for a strengthened international anti-graft cooperation framework.  We must build a new order to fight international corruption... cut off escape routes for corrupt elements,  he told a meeting in Beijing. China has given few details about Interpol s general assembly, which opens in Beijing on Tuesday with a speech by Chinese President Xi Jinping. On the question of Meng s influence in Interpol, the diplomats say that the position is largely ceremonial. The Lyon, France-based Interpol says its Secretary General  J rgen Stock, a German national, is the organization s full-time chief official overseeing the day-to-day work of international police cooperation. In 2014, China issued Interpol  red notices  for its 100 most-wanted corruption suspects who have fled overseas as part of XI s sweeping campaign against corruption. Almost half have come back to China to date, some voluntarily, according to the government. Interpol says  red notices  are requests to provisionally arrest suspects pending extradition, and are not international arrest warrants.  It is up to a member state to act upon an Interpol red notice. They can be ignored if a government decides there is insufficient evidence to act upon them, diplomats say.  There are no figures for how many red notices are ignored. Red notices themselves are often not made publicly available and it is up to the country issuing them to decide if they are publicized or not.  Requests are carefully examined to ensure they comply with Interpol s constitution, which bans  any intervention or activities of a political, military, religious or racial character , Interpol said in a statement to Reuters.   Interpol cannot insist or compel any member country to arrest an individual who is the subject of a Red Notice. Nor can Interpol require any member country to take any action in response to another member country s request,  it said. China has attracted criticism from rights groups for targeting in particular exiled Uighurs from Xinjiang, and accusing them of terrorism, including Dolkun Isa, the general secretary of the Munich-based World Uyghur Congress. China s Ministry of Public Security, which is helping to organise the Beijing meeting, did not respond to requests for comment on concerns about China s role in Interpol.  Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Interpol operated under the principles of professionalism and neutrality to jointly fight and prevent crime and China respected that. In April, Interpol issued a global  red notice  at Beijing s request for Guo Wengui, a billionaire currently exiled in Manhattan, who has made claims of high-level corruption within the Communist Party. Guo has said the red notice showed China was exerting its influence, given it had the head of Interpol,  to prevent ordinary Chinese people from blowing the whistle on official corruption while overseas . Maya Wang, Hong Kong-based China researcher for Human Rights Watch, said that China s vice police chief heading Interpol can be seen as part of an overall push by Beijing to flex its international muscle.   We have reason to worry that the internal information being shared by Interpol with the police chief may impact on particularly vulnerable minorities like the Uighurs, who have sometimes been involved in terrorism but often are targeted for political disloyalty,  said Wang, who acknowledged that so far there is little concrete evidence that this has happened. ",1
19218,"Thai junta leader, backers fuel suspicions of plans to stay in power","BANGKOK (Reuters) - In his dark suit, Thai junta leader Prayuth Chan-ocha cut an incongruous figure guiding a rice tractor across a muddy paddy field in front of cameras and watching villagers. The prime minister s latest photo opportunity won applause from farmers watching in straw hats and his visit to Suphan Buri on Monday brought a call from a local political bigwig for him to stay in power for another decade. Political activities in Thailand have been suspended since Prayuth s 2014 coup, but Thai politicians are asking whether what looks like campaigning is exactly what it seems. The trips to the countryside, a new Facebook account and a chorus of political groups offering support are raising suspicions of a plan to keep Prayuth in power even if long-promised elections happen next year.  It s not beyond expectations that he is out campaigning in the provinces to prepare to become prime minister again,  said Chaturon Chaisang, a leader of the Pheu Thai party, which under various names has won every election for a generation. Since August, Prayuth has visited six provinces, including places traditionally considered important battlegrounds for elections. Such trips with his cabinet will now be monthly. In the previous three years, he had only taken two such trips outside Bangkok.  I am not here to make people love me, but I want everyone to love the country,  Prayuth, 63, told farmers in Suphan Buri, 100 km (60 miles) north of Bangkok.  Said 60-year-old farmer Samruay Tongpratet:  If the prime minister can truly help the poor then he can stay as long as he wants.   Prayuth s office declined to comment on any plan to keep him in power.  Politics will not resume until well after the cremation next month of the revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died last October, and the subsequent coronation of his son, King Maha Vajiralongkorn.  In the meantime, Prayuth has the field to himself.   That s why he needed to hold these mobile cabinet meetings in the provinces, act more like a politician, hold rallies, and meet the people,  said Thitinan Pongsudhirak, director of the Institute of Security and International Studies at Chulalongkorn University, noting the signs that Prayuth wants to stay longer.  Last month, Prayuth set up a Facebook page with pictures of him walking with his arm around a farmer s shoulder and giving alms to monks. It now has nearly 11,000 likes. A poll in June showed that 53 percent of Thais would like Prayuth to serve another term. Although Thailand s economic growth lags other countries in Southeast Asia and dissent is strongly repressed, surveys show that Prayuth s backers welcome the stability since the coup. Whether that calm survives electioneering is another question after over a decade of turmoil between colour-coded factions that Prayuth said he sought to end with his coup. On one side is the  yellow  Democrat Party, which is popular with middle-class voters and has strong support in Bangkok and parts of the south. On the other side is the  red  movement of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, whose parties appeal to poorer voters, particularly in the populous northeast. Thaksin s sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, was overthrown by Prayuth in the 2014 coup and last month fled Thailand ahead of a verdict in a corruption trial - eliminating a charismatic party figurehead who might also have rallied opposition to Prayuth. Although he cannot technically stand for election because he would have needed to resign by July, a new constitution drawn up at the junta s behest does offer him a route.  He could be chosen as an  outside prime minister  - foreseen under the constitution if the winning party fails to get enough votes for its candidate in the 500-member lower house of parliament. In such a case, the upper house would also have a say - its 250 members will be picked by the military. Prayuth would still need support from at least half the lower house, however. Although neither of Thailand s two main political parties has said it would endorse him, smaller players are mobilizing. Paiboon Nititawan, a former member of a now-defunct reform council, has set up an office for a new People s Reform Party to back Prayuth.  Suchart Chantharachotikul, a classmate of Prayuth from military school, told Reuters he is coordinating smaller parties to form a grouping to back the junta leader.   Prayuth s military government isn t perfect, but they took care of problems like unrest. It wouldn t be so strange if he stays on for another four years,  Suchart said. A composer of sentimental ballads, Prayuth has dropped hints in his music of a longer term political future. His latest song,  Bridge , repeats a message that he will stay as long as it takes to steer Thailand through troubled waters.  My two hands won t let you go,  says one refrain. ",1
19219,New Zealand Labour leader says will not yet concede election,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said on Sunday it would be difficult to complete coalition talks before all votes were tallied in an election that left both major parties needing the nationalist New Zealand First party to form a government   Speaking outside her home in Auckland, Ardern told media that her centre-left party would not concede, despite lagging almost 10 points behind the incumbent National Party, which received 46 percent of the vote in Saturday s election. A final tally of all votes, which will include overseas ballots, will not be released until Oct. 7.  New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has declined to say which party he will favor to form a coalition government and reiterated that he will not rush into a decision. ",1
19220,"Syria's Moualem says victory within reach, de-escalation zones temporary","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Syria s foreign minister said on Saturday that victory was within reach in the country and that Damascus hoped de-escalation zones will help reach a cessation of hostilities.  The liberation of Aleppo and Palmyra, the lifting of the siege of Deir Ezzor and the eradication of terrorism from many parts of Syria prove that victory is now within reach,  Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem said in his speech to the United Nations General Assembly. Russia, Turkey and Iran have been negotiating separately for months in the Kazakh capital Astana to try to reduce violence on the ground by creating de-escalation zones across the country, although those talks do not cover a long-term political solution to the six-year civil war. Moualem, who praised as constructive the role of Russia and Iran, which back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, said Syria was encouraged by the de-escalation zones and hoped they would lead to  an actual cessation of hostilities. Nevertheless, he said:  Syria reserves the right to respond to any violation by the other party. Syria also stresses that these zones are a temporary arrangement that must not violate the territorial unity of Syria.   Earlier this month Russia, Iran and Turkey agreed to deploy observers on the edge of a  de-escalation  zone in Syria s Idlib province, which is largely under the control of Islamist insurgents. The move falls under a broader deal in which they would set up four such zones across Syria.  The de-escalation plan has eased fighting in parts of western Syria between rebel factions and government forces loyal to Assad. Assad has gained the military upper hand against an array of rebel groups, including some that have received backing from the United States, Turkey and Gulf monarchies. Critics have described the de-escalation plan as de facto partitioning of Syria after years of multi-sided conflict. Moscow, Tehran and Ankara deny this and say the zones will be temporary, although they could extend beyond the initial six-month term. ",1
19221,Problems pile up for unlucky village near epicenter of Mexican quake,"HUAUTLA, Mexico (Reuters) - Yesenia Vergara grabbed her two daughters and abandoned her home in the isolated Mexican hamlet of Huautla late last month when rain-swollen river waters burst through her window, flooding her house with branches, boulders and mud. Just two weeks later, Mexico s deadliest earthquake in a generation delivered a second blow to her simple riverside home, financed with money sent back by her husband from the United States.  This is the end of the world, I thought. Now is the time that God has called us to be judged,  Vergara said, recalling the moment when the quake struck in the early afternoon last Tuesday.  The village was just getting back on its feet and now another tragedy has come,  she said. The epicenter of the 7.1 magnitude tremor, which has claimed nearly 300 lives so far, leveled dozens of buildings in Mexico City, sparking a desperate search for survivors. The quake struck 70 km (45 miles) from Huautla, a charming settlement nestled amid the lime-green mountains of Morelos state.     While the Mexican capital has been over-run with eager volunteers amid an outpouring of support, the villages of Morelos and Puebla states that lie near the epicenter have received much less attention.     A growing cadre of well-wishers sought to rectify that on Friday, fanning out across the states  backroads, trudging through knee-high streams to deliver food, water and medicine to remote populations high up in the mountains.     Far outpacing the government response, the volunteers  patriotic reaction has cheered a traumatized country. It has also provided a sharp contrast to the increasingly politicized reaction to the tremor, which sparked a virtual arms race between political parties seeking to outdo each other with donations to relief efforts.      We feel very grateful,  Vergara said of the volunteers.  But also very disappointed with the government.  Although the quake didn t destroy any buildings in Huautla, Mayor Miguel Medina said 10 families out of roughly 1,000 people were evacuated because some 100 structures were damaged.     By Friday afternoon, Vergara said nobody had yet come to inspect the thick cracks menacing her home, exiling her and her young family to her mother s house.     Fortino Garcia, a 48-year-old taxi driver from the city of Cuernavaca, was among eight people who had driven from Mexico City to deliver aid to villages in the area.     Although he approved of the government s reaction to the quake, he criticized politicians who he said were trying to capitalize on the tragedy by placing stickers with their name or party on supplies collected by volunteers.      Lots of politicians are sadly jumping on this to campaign,  he said in Huautla s main square, after delivering diapers, sanitary towels and water.     A growing resentment over how the aid was being distributed by village officials was on display as residents accused officials of cherry-picking better quality donations of clothes and food and leaving less desirable ones for the villagers.     In a warehouse in the center of the village where hundreds of women were lining up for food and water, Medina denied he or any of his employees had been profiting from the aid, which he said came from all over the world.      People from other countries have come to give us their little grain of sand,  he said.  We re very surprised and thankful.      Still, rumors of official malfeasance could be found on every corner.     Like much of Mexico, crime and violence in Huautla had risen dramatically over the last few years, according to a shopkeeper who declined to give her name out of fear. She said some villagers took up arms last month and installed themselves at the entrance to the town to ward off outsiders.     In July, she said, an elderly woman was killed when she interrupted a burglary in her home, something previously unheard of in this quiet farming settlement.      Given the impact of the flood, the quake and rising violence, she said she was less optimistic for the future of her teenage daughter, who was listening by her side.      We re scared,  the shopkeeper said.  Things aren t like they used to be.  ",1
19222,Mexico school collapse spurs doubts over building code for quakes,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The school collapse this week that killed at least 19 children during an earthquake has prompted many Mexicans to question whether building codes developed after a devastating 1985 temblor are too easily flouted. Stringent codes enacted after a massive temblor killed thousands three decades ago minimized damage this week across the metropolis of 20 million people, even if experts say it is nearly impossible to design structures to withstand any quake.  At least 293 people died in Tuesday s quake, measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale, but the toll could have been far worse. Still, the collapse of some structures built under the new codes, including the Enrique Rebsamen school that became a symbol of this week s tragedy, has sparked concerns over implementation of the rules.  There are still gaps that mean new buildings don t always fully comply,  said Roberto Meli Piralla, a structural engineer and expert on seismic preparedness at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. It is too early to know if code violations, neglect or corruption were factors in the collapse of the school or about 50 other buildings in Mexico City. Yet engineers said that challenges remain in enforcing the codes uniformly and ensuring that builders, inspectors and property owners follow approved plans. Inspectors can be criminally liable if a building they OK proves structurally unsound. The mayor of the district where the school is located said her office has been unable to find documentation to assess its construction and structural history. She blamed problems, including corruption, on a predecessor administration.  When we came into office, there were many files missing,  said Claudia Sheinbaum, the mayor of the Tlalpan district. She said she had no proof that corruption had anything to do with the collapse.  Before the quake, municipal officials were already  discussing revisions to strengthen code oversight, said Piralla, who is part of an engineering group that made recommendations to the city in recent weeks.  One suggestion, according to another engineer involved in the discussions, was to have an independent, third-party review of designs before inspectors sign off on them.         The Secretariat for Housing and Urban Development, the municipal office that oversees the code, could not be reached for comment. Even if compliance were universal, engineers said, there is no way to fully prepare because earthquakes vary widely. Tuesday s temblor generated a different frequency of  shockwave from the 1985 quake and toppled mid-sized buildings of roughly six to eight stories, compared with towers of about 12 to 15 floors in 1985.  It s not possible to say what problems could have been foreseen,  said Antonio Gallardo, a member of the board of architects in Mexico City, a council that upholds professional standards across the capital. Most of the damage on Tuesday happened in central and southern districts where soils are less solid than in northern neighborhoods, and urban development, even after improvements in recent decades, is still patchwork. Although the toppled buildings are still being investigated, some were built after the 1987 code, which has periodically been revised since. At the school, which is in southern Mexico City, the older of two structures remained standing while a newer building collapsed. It was built early last decade and opened in 2004, according to several people familiar with its history. The school is a private facility founded in the 1980s by the family that runs it, according to two adult former students. The principal, a daughter of the founders, lived in an apartment that was part of the collapsed structure. She survived the quake, current and former students said. Neither the principal nor other family members could be reached for comment. But local authorities, neighbors and  parents are demanding answers.  Who could have approved this school?  asked Raul D az, a doctor whose 7-year-old son, Eduardo, died at the school.  The building was poorly built.  If prior quakes are any guide, investigations and a full accounting will take years. But experts said it would be impossible to build structures that could withstand all quakes.  There is always going to be a degree of uncertainty,  said Mary Comerio, a professor of architecture and researcher on disaster recovery at the University of California at Berkeley. She cited the 2011 earthquake that leveled even costly, modern structures in Christchurch, New Zealand. The extent of a phenomenon known as liquefaction, in which solid soil behaves like a liquid, surprised scientists. Notwithstanding architectural advances, many other variables come into play including human error, ground conditions, the location, depth and force of an earthquake.  In 2006, Comerio authored a paper in the journal Science called  Can Buildings Be Made Earthquake-Safe?   The answer is largely no,  she said. ",1
19223,"Despite undiplomatic discourse, Trump's dance card is full","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A subtle diplomat like Talleyrand, Donald Trump is not. The U.S. president, in his first foray at the U.N. General Assembly, derided North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man ... on a suicide mission  and delivered an unabashed defense of sovereignty at the seat of global multilateralism. But if his speech drew barbs from allies and authoritarian adversaries, it did nothing to deter his dance partners at the premier diplomatic waltz of the year, the 193-member United Nations  annual gathering of world leaders known by the acronym UNGA. Trump held bilateral meetings with 13 leaders this week,   more than his predecessor Barack Obama had at his first UNGA(five), his last (six) or his busiest (10), according to data compiled by CBS News White House correspondent Mark Knoller. Trump s less than diplomatic speech on Tuesday recalled the fiery nationalist language of his Jan. 20 inaugural address and raised eyebrows across the political spectrum by its bald assertion of the primacy of U.S. interests.  Our government s first duty is to its people, to our citizens - to serve their needs, to ensure their safety, to preserve their rights, and to defend their values,  he said, evoking his campaign s nationalist themes despite the departure of advocates such as Steve Bannon from the White House.  Germany s foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, delivered a riposte in a scathing and barely veiled critique on Thursday.  National egoism, I believe, is worthless as a regulatory principle for our world,  Gabriel said.  The motto  our country first  not only leads to more national confrontations and less prosperity, in the end there can only be losers.  Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe s authoritarian 93-year-old leader who has ruled the former British colony since independence in 1980, also sought to nudge Trump in a more peaceable direction.  Mr. Trump, please blow your trumpet, blow your trumpet in a musical way towards the values of unity, peace, cooperation, togetherness, dialogue,  he said. In his speech, Trump said if the United States were forced to defend itself or its allies, it would have  no choice but to totally destroy North Korea  and he called Iran s government a  murderous regime  that exports  violence, bloodshed and chaos.  His directness contrasts with the subtlety of 18th- and 19th-century French diplomat Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand, who is reputed to have said:  A diplomat who says  yes  means  maybe,  a diplomat who says  maybe  means  no,  and a diplomat who says  no  is no diplomat.  Still, Trump s language has seeped into the discourse of other leaders, perhaps seeking to curry his favor. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas spoke of  draining the swamp  of Israeli occupation while South Korean President Moon Jae-in called North Korean behavior  extremely deplorable.  Trump, possibly recalling the criticism that his Democratic U.S. presidential opponent Hillary Clinton earned for calling some of his supporters a  basket of deplorables,  was pleased.  I m very happy that you used the word  deplorable ,  Trump told Moon.  That s been a very lucky word for me and many millions of people.  Both Moon and Abbas had sitdowns with Trump, and there was no shortage of others who wanted to meet him. A U.S. official said the White House accommodated as many requests for meetings as they could schedule, noting some leaders who wanted to meet Trump did not make the cut. The U.S. president has also wanted to see the leaders of China, India and Germany, but they did not come this year. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani met Trump on Thursday, and officials in Kabul said all the impetus had come from the Afghan side, with no burning interest from the White House. French President Emmanuel Macron made clear he would work with any U.S. president, whoever he was, and said he and Trump had clear disagreements on climate change and Iran policy.  I want a deep, cordial dialogue to bring him back into the international and multilateral fold on these two subjects,  Macron told reporters.  As I m a pragmatist, I put myself in a position to work the best way possible with him.   Asked if dealing with Trump was like managing a difficult child, the French president replied:  Not at all. I m managing a partner of the world s biggest power and a historical partner for our country.  ",1
19224,Iran tests new missile after U.S. criticizes arms program,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran said on Saturday it had successfully tested a new ballistic missile with a range of 2,000 km (1,200 miles) and would keep developing its arsenal despite U.S. pressure to stop. The United States has imposed unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate a U.N. resolution, which calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons. Iran says it has no such plans. U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter the missile test illustrates the weakness of the Iran nuclear deal reached by his predecessor Barack Obama. He also linked the action to recent aggressive moves by North Korea.   Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel. They are also working with North Korea,  Trump said on Twitter.  Not much of an agreement we have!    Iran said in its announcement on Saturday that the Khorramshahr missile could carry several warheads. State broadcaster IRIB carried footage of the missile test without giving its time or location. It included video from an on-board camera which it said showed the detachment of the cone that carries multiple warheads.  You are seeing images of the successful test of the Khorramshahr ballistic missile with a range of 2,000 km, the latest missile of our country,  state television said, adding this was Iran s third missile with such a range. The Khorramshahr was first displayed at a military parade on Friday, where President Hassan Rouhani said Iran would strengthen its missile capabilities. Britain voiced concerns about the latest test.  Extremely concerned by reports of Iran missile test, which is inconsistent with UN resolution 2231. Call on Iran to halt provocative acts,  British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson wrote on Twitter. France also said it was extremely concerned and called on U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to carry out a full report on the launch.  France asks that Iran cease all destabilizing activity in the region,  Foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said in a statement.  (France) will consider with its partners, notably European, the means to obtain from Iran the cessation of its destabilizing ballistic activities.  Trump told the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that Iran was building its missile capability and accused it of exporting violence to Yemen, Syria and other parts of the Middle East. He also criticized a 2015 pact that the United States and other world powers struck with Iran under which Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. Iran s defense minister said on Saturday foreign pressures would not affect Iran s missile program.  On the path to improve our country s defensive capacity we will certainly not be the least affected by any threats and we won t ask anyone s permission,  Brigadier General Amir Hatami said in remarks carried by state television. Iran denies its missile development breaches the U.N. resolution and says its missiles are not designed to carry nuclear weapons.  The weight of the Khorramshahr missile s warhead has been announced to be 1,800 kg (4,000 lbs), ... making it Iran s most powerful missile for defense and retaliation against any aggressive enemy,  state television said. ",1
19225,One French soldier killed in Iraq-Syria area: French Presidency,"PARIS (Reuters) - One French soldier from the 13th regiment of para-troopers was killed on Saturday morning while fighting in the Iraq-Syria region, the French Presidency said on Saturday.  The President has learned with great sadness of the death in the Levant this morning of a (soldier) ... killed in fighting,  Macron s office said in a statement. ",1
19226,Italy's 5-Star names youthful new leader as election nears,"RIMINI, Italy (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, riding high in opinion polls, has named 31-year-old Luigi Di Maio to lead it into parliamentary elections next year that could see it win national power. Di Maio, deputy speaker of the lower house, is the party s most prominent and popular politician and had been groomed for the leadership in recent years by 5-Star s founder, the 69-year-old comedian Beppe Grillo. Boyish-looking and usually immaculately turned out in suit and tie, Di Maio presents a moderate image in striking contrast to Grillo, who is famous for his raucous tirades against Italy s ruling elite.  You have given me an enormous responsibility ... I assure you I ll carry it out with discipline and honor,  Di Maio told supporters on Saturday at the party s annual gathering in the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini.  I promise I will form a government team to be proud of for the first time in our history.     Grillo, who has so far acted as 5-Star s de facto chief, is now expected to gradually withdraw from the limelight.  I will always be like a dad for all of you, but I am old,  he told the gathering on Friday.     Di Maio, who has taken tough stances on law-and-order and immigration and is widely seen as on the right of the party which says traditional left-right labels have no meaning. He won by a huge margin over seven rivals in an online member ballot, held on Thursday and Friday, that reflected the movement s credo of internet-based direct democracy. His election was considered a formality because the other candidates were all little-known figures, mostly local councillors.  However, participation was much lower than the party had hoped, with just over 37,400 people casting a ballot, compared with more than 140,000 eligible.  Di Maio won 83 percent of the vote. The only people seen as having any chance against him decided not to run, opening the party up to accusations of failing to run a proper contest. Di Maio will now try to put that criticism behind him in the run-up to elections due by May next year. Most opinion polls, give 5-Star around 28 percent of the vote, just ahead of the ruling Democratic Party. However, that would not be enough to give it a majority in parliament unless it allies itself with another party, something it has so far always refused to do. The right-wing Northern League and Silvio Berlusconi s conservative Forza Italia (Go Italy) each have around 14 to 15 percent. 5-Star, founded by Grillo nine years ago as a protest movement, bases its appeal mainly on a campaign against corruption and vested interests. Its policies include the introduction of universal income support for the poor, boosting green energy and increasing the budget deficit to fund investments in infrastructure. Di Maio will need to broaden the movement s appeal and soothe barely disguised resentment among some 5-Star lawmakers over his dominant role in the party. His first challenge will be a vote in Sicily in November, which offers 5-Star the chance to win control of its first ever region. Victory could be a springboard to national success while defeat would be a major setback after the party spent months campaigning intensely on the island. (This version of the story has been refiled to add dropped words in paragraph 8) ",1
19227,"Three Kurdish fighters killed, five wounded in blast south of oil city Kirkuk","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Three Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were killed and five wounded on Saturday when an explosive device blew up near their vehicle south of the Iraqi oil city of Kirkuk, security sources said. The explosion happened in Daquq, a region bordering Islamic State-held areas, the sources said. It took place as the Kurdistan Regional Government prepares for a referendum on Monday on independence for the region under its control in northern Iraq, including Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic region also claimed by the central government in Baghdad. ",1
19228,France 'extremely concerned' by Iran ballistic missile test,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - France said on Saturday it was extremely concerned by Iran s ballistic missile test and called on U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to carry out a full report on the launch.    France asks that Iran cease all destabilizing activity in the region,  Foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said in a statement.  (France) will consider with its partners, notably European, the means to obtain from Iran the cessation of its destabilizing ballistic activities.  Most U.N. sanctions were lifted 18 months ago under a deal Iran made with key world powers to curb its nuclear program. But Iran is still subject to an arms embargo and other restrictions, which are not technically part of the nuclear agreement. Guterres reports every six months to the U.N. Security Council on the implementation of the remaining sanctions and restrictions. Iran said on Saturday it had successfully tested a new ballistic missile with a range of 2,000 km (1,200 miles) and would keep developing its arsenal, despite U.S. pressure to stop. ",1
19229,Court ruling favors Ghana in ocean border dispute with Ivory Coast,"DAKAR/ACCRA (Reuters) - The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea on Saturday drew an ocean boundary favoring Ghana in a dispute with its neighbor Ivory Coast, opening the way for development drilling to resume on Ghana s multi-billion dollar TEN deepwater oil and gas project. The decade-old row between the two West African neighbors has slowed the development of oil fields and at times soured relations between the two oil producers, who also together grow 60 percent of the world s cocoa.  The Special Chamber unanimously finds that Ghana did not violate the sovereign rights of C te d Ivoire,  said Judge Boualem Bouguetaia, President of the Special Chamber. An official at the court said that the boundary delineated by the tribunal did not correspond with the claim of either party. However, the angle appeared to be very close to the line claimed by Ghana and politicians welcomed the news.  The judgment is very consistent with Ghana s position all along and so we are thankful to God,  Vice President Mahamudu Bawumia said on local television on Saturday, describing the dispute as  friendly and brotherly . Ivorian officials were not immediately available to comment.  ...We can now restart work on the additional drilling planned as part of the TEN fields  plan of development and take the fields toward their full potential,  said Paul McDade, chief executive of London-listed oil company Tullow Oil, the lead operator of the project. Tullow said in a statement it now expected to resume drilling around the end of the year, which would allow production to start to increase toward the full capacity of the floating production, storage and offloading vessel of 80,000 barrels per day (bpd) from around 50,000 bpd currently. Kosmos Energy, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, Ghana National Petroleum Corporation and PetroSA also have stakes in the TEN project. The ruling, while expected since Ghana s claim was based on the customary equidistant line, comes as a huge relief for Ghana which is counting on oil revenues to boost its economic growth back to the levels hit before a 2014 fiscal crisis. Ivory Coast had been seeking compensation for oil field developments in the area but the tribunal rejected this claim. Analysts had predicted that a loss for Ghana would have resulted in complicated contract renegotiations and loss of significant revenue that could worsen the economy, dogged by high public debt. Tullow has said it has already invested around $4 billion in the TEN project. Ghana, also Africa s second largest gold producer, discovered oil in 2007, prompting its western neighbor which had been pumping oil for decades to revive a claim to some of its territorial waters. Several rounds of talks failed to result in a deal on the border which, like many other African sea borders, had until now never officially been set. ",1
19230,Russian suspect detained after arson attacks against last tsar film,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian court ordered the detention of a man on Saturday on suspicion of trying to intimidate cinemas into not showing a new film about the country s last tsar, Russia s news agencies said. Police said earlier they had opened a criminal case following a series of arson attacks in protest over the film  Matilda  by award-winning director Alexei Uchitel. The film tells the story of a love affair between the tsar, Nicholas II, and half-Polish ballerina Matilda Kshesinskaya, who described the relationship in her memoirs. Interfax cited the court s spokeswoman as saying the man detained was Alexander Kalinin, leader of a radical religious group called  Christian State - Holy Rus , on suspicion of pressuring the cinemas not to screen the movie. The court ordered that he be held in custody until Nov. 22, without charge. Christian State vowed to set cinemas on fire if they screened  Matilda  and a series of arson attacks connected with the film have been reported across the country.   Matilda  is to be released internationally in late October despite protests from religious conservatives who are offended by what they regard as a disrespectful depiction of a man the Russian Orthodox Church regards as a martyr. Some cinemas have said they will not be showing the film because of threats that they had received.  A criminal case has been opened in connection with the fact (the cinemas) were forced not to show the film under the threat of violence against the spectators and causing harm and damage to the cinemas  owners , the police said in statement, not naming the film or those detained or charged. The police opened the case in connection with the arson attacks related to  Matilda , TASS news agency reported, citing a police source. On Thursday police said they had detained four men, including Kalinin, in connection with an arson attack related to the film. Three of the men had been charged with arson, including their alleged role in setting fire to two cars parked outside the office of Uchitel s lawyer. Other violent acts of protest against the film have included an arson attack on Uchitel s studio and a man driving a car into the facade of a cinema. ",1
19231,Iraq asks U.N. for help to build new nuclear power reactor,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Iraq asked on Saturday for assistance in building a nuclear power reactor for peaceful purposes, more than 25 years after the destruction of the reactors it had under Saddam Hussein.  Iraq calls for assistance from our kindred nuclear countries to build a nuclear reactor for peaceful purposes ... in accordance with the non-proliferation treaty,  Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafar told the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Iraq had three nuclear reactors in Tuwaitha, its main nuclear research site, south of Baghdad. One was destroyed by an Israeli air raid, in 1981, and the two others by U.S. airplanes in the 1991 Gulf war which followed Iraq s 1990 invasion of Kuwait. ",1
19232,UNHCR chief meets with Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh camp,"KUTAPALONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. refugee agency said on Saturday he was shocked by the  terrible violence  inflicted on Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar, and said their suffering would last far longer than the time it took to satisfy their basic needs.   More than 420,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants in Rakhine state triggered a Myanmar crackdown that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. During a visit to the sprawling Kutapalong refugee camp in southeastern Bangladesh, close to the Myanmar border, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Filippo Grandi, said Rohingyas had told him their stories.  I was really struck by the fear that these people carry with themselves, what they have gone through and seen back in Myanmar,  he told Reuters in the camp, where refugees live under thousands of tarpaulins covering the hills and rice paddies.   Parents killed, families divided, wounds inflicted, rapes perpetrated on women. There s a lot of terrible violence that has occurred and it will take a long time for people to heal their wounds, longer than satisfying their basic needs,  Grandi said. The speed and scale of the exodus from Myanmar has left hundreds of thousands living in dire conditions in a poor part of a poor country, and U.N and aid agencies are scrambling to give people shelter, get them fed and prevent an outbreak of disease.   A senior U.N. official said on Friday that an estimated $200 million would be needed to help the refugees in Bangladesh for six months. Aid workers fear a humanitarian crisis is also unfolding in Rakhine state, though Myanmar has restricted access. Rohingyas, who trace their roots back generations in Myanmar, are a stateless minority who have mostly been stripped of their citizenship in the predominantly Buddhist country. Tensions between the communities have simmered for decades and exploded into violence several times in recent years. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of international criticism over their plight, for not speaking out more forcefully against the violence or doing more to rein in security forces over which she has little power. Myanmar dismisses accusations of ethnic cleansing, saying it has to tackle the insurgents, whom it accuses of starting fires and attacking civilians as well as the security forces.   Grandi, who in July called for Myanmar to grant Rohingyas citizenship, also asked a Rohingya refugee in Bangladesh what it would take for him to return.  The refugee said Myanmar needed to restore citizenship and fundamental rights, and that violence was  continuing . Rights group Amnesty International said on Friday new satellite images and videos showed plumes of smoke were still rising from villages in Rakhine state. ",1
19233,"Echoing France, Germany says May offered 'nothing concrete' on Brexit","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s foreign minister said on Saturday that he had been disappointed by British Prime Minister Theresa May s Brexit speech, adding to a downbeat reception from France ahead of the resumption of Brexit negotiations next week.  We heard nothing concrete. It is time for the government of Great Britain to clearly state under what conditions it wants to leave the European Union,  Sigmar Gabriel told reporters in the northern German city of Wolfenbuettel.  In a speech in the Italian city of Florence on Friday, May set out a plan to retain full access to the EU s single market for two years after Brexit, to try to reassure business and reset the tone of stalled negotiations with Brussels. Shortly afterwards, French President Emmanuel Macron said there was still not enough clarity on rules for European Union citizens living in Britain, the divorce bill it would pay, and how the land border with Ireland will work.  If these three points are not clarified, we will not be able to advance on the rest,  Macron said. France, Germany and other EU countries are insisting that Britain reach a deal with the bloc on the terms of its divorce before moving on to negotiate its future trading relationship. On Saturday, Gabriel said the EU would not back away from its demand for Britain to pay some 60-100 billion euros ($72-120 billion) for the divorce, adding that he continued to view Britons  decision to leave the EU as a huge mistake.  The Conservatives in Britain didn t tell their citizens the truth about the consequences, and that is why they seem to be unable to present a clear strategy,  he said.  We need clarity from the British government, and no conflict within the British government between the foreign minister and the prime minister. We re running out of time.  Britain is due to formally leave the bloc in March 2019. Gabriel, a Social Democrat, said Britain had refused to answer the EU s key questions on issues such as its financial obligations under the EU budget, adding:  Thank God, the EU is more unified than ever before.  A leading member of Merkel s conservatives also criticized May s address.  Theresa May s speech underscores the will of London to move ahead with Brexit negotiations, but unfortunately it will not provide a new dynamism in the talks that is so urgently needed,  Michael Stuebgen, European spokesman for the conservatives in the German parliament, said in a statement. He also said May had failed to address the issue of future borders, especially in Ireland.  On this basis, we can hardly expect the needed progress in the Brexit negotiations before the European Council meeting in October,  he said. The EU s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, said on Friday that May s speech showed  a willingness to move forward , but that he wanted to hear a  precise negotiating position  when he meets his British counterpart on Monday.  The head of the German Association of Small and Medium-sized Businesses (BVMW), Mario Ohoven, said May had wasted an opportunity for a new beginning in the Brexit negotiations.  What German industry needs above all is planning and investment certainty,  he said in a statement.  Looming customs duties and bureaucratic trade obstacles are exactly the opposite of that, and are already resulting in significant damage to the investment climate.   ($1 = 0.8367 euros) ",1
19234,UK's May sets out transition plan in bid to unlock Brexit talks,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May set out a plan on Friday to retain full access to the EU s single market for two years after Brexit to try to reassure business and reset the tone of stalled negotiations with Brussels. But her proposals for such a transition, for meeting Britain s financial obligations and for protecting EU citizens  rights fell short of what the EU wanted.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier praised the speech for its  constructive spirit  but asked for more detail. Another official said it had left him  even more concerned . In a speech at a 14th-century church in Florence, Italy, May appealed directly to EU leaders to unlock the talks, which have stalled over a series of issues, including the size of the bill Britain should pay as part of its divorce settlement. She spent much of her 30-minute speech describing the similarities between Britain and the EU, saying that if the complicated talks to unravel more than 40 years of union should fail, the only beneficiaries would be those who oppose democracy, liberalism and free trade. Sterling fell against both the dollar GBP= and the euro EURGBP= during May's speech, weakening by more than half a cent against the U.S. currency. Late on Friday ratings agency Moody s downgraded its assessment of Britain s creditworthiness, saying Brexit was damaging the country s medium-term growth prospects. The government said Moody s view was  outdated  and did not consider May s most recent comments.  Clearly people, businesses and public services should only have to plan for one set of changes in the relationship between the UK and the EU,  May told an audience of Italian business leaders and diplomats.  So during the implementation period, access to one another s markets should continue on current terms, and Britain also should continue to take part in existing security measures.  Britain wants to move the talks forward and start addressing how a future relationship with the EU would work, a move May s government says is vital if they want to find agreement on the divorce bill. But the EU has stood firm, refusing to discuss trading arrangements until  sufficient progress  is made on the first three issues - the financial settlement, the land border with EU member Ireland and the protection of expatriates  rights. Beyond her vision for a transition, involving around two years of trading on the same terms, but no payments for access to the EU single market, May pledged to protect EU citizens  rights in Britain after Brexit, saying that decisions by the European Court of Justice would be taken into account by British courts. On the financial settlement, she also said Britain would  honor commitments we have made during the period of our membership .   I do not want our partners to fear that they will need to pay more or receive less over the remainder of the current budget plan as a result of our decision to leave,  she said. May has long said Britain will honor its financial obligations, but she did not mention the 20 billion euro figure reported in local media in the days running up to the speech.  She said little on Ireland, beyond noting that no one wanted a return to a  hard border  with British-ruled Northern Ireland that could reignite tensions on the island. Barnier said her words showed  a willingness to move forward, as time is of the essence , but that they needed to be  translated into a precise negotiating position of the UK government . But the head of the European Parliament s biggest group, the center-right European People s Party, Manfred Weber, said May s speech had brought no more clarity.  I am even more concerned now,  he added. British opposition lawmakers were not impressed, with the Labour Party saying the government was  no clearer about what our long-term relationship with the EU will look like.   Trade union leader Frances O Grady said the prime minister was pretending that  we can have our cake and eat it,  while a business lobby, the British Chambers of Commerce, underlined its desire to  get trade talks moving . It was never going to be an easy speech, with May struggling to appeal simultaneously to the EU, to business and to the supporters of Brexit in her own party who want to hold her to her pledge of a clean break with the bloc.  It s clear that we re out,  one senior Conservative source said, adding that he was pleased to hear May agree that no deal was better than a bad deal. The speech comes at the start of a crucial week for Europe.  On Sunday, German voters are expected to return conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel to power but also vault euroskeptic parties into parliament, including the Alternative for Germany (AfD), whose nationalist, anti-immigrant ideas echo those of Britain s UKIP party, a driving force behind Brexit.  Two days later, French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to flesh out his ideas for a  relaunch  of the EU and euro zone, underscoring the bloc s determination to press ahead with a closer union that excludes the UK. Britain and the EU do agree on one thing: The clock is ticking, with Barnier saying there is only a year left to find an agreement to give Britain a controlled exit. May s ill-fated decision to have an election in June not only used up time but also sapped her authority and gave a stronger hand to pro-Brexit lawmakers who want a total break with the bloc and to reduce any divorce bill to zero. May s top team of ministers put on a show of unity in Florence - with foreign minister Boris Johnson, one of Britain s most prominent hardline Brexit politicians and a one-time leadership contender, sitting in the front row.  I think what was so uplifting about this speech was it was positive; it was confident about what Britain can do but also about our relations with the rest of the EU,  Johnson said. ",1
19235,Kurdish government holds meetings in Baghdad on eve of independence vote,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - A delegation from the Kurdistan Regional Government held talks with the Iraqi ruling Shi ite coalition in Baghdad on Saturday, two days before a planned referendum on secession from Iraq.  The delegation will discuss the referendum but the referendum is still happening,  Hoshiyar Zebari, a top adviser to Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani, told Reuters.  We said we would talk to Baghdad before, during and after the referendum.  The KRG has said the vote is intended to give its autonomous territory a legitimate mandate to achieve independence from Iraq through dialogue with Baghdad and neighboring powers Turkey and Iran. Ankara and Tehran are worried that the vote could revive the separatist aspirations of their own Kurdish populations.  The Kurdish delegation met with representatives of the Shi ite ruling coalition in Baghdad, and with the Iraqi president, Fuad Masum, himself a Kurd, whose role is largely ceremonial. Executive powers are concentrated in the hands of the prime minister, Haider al-Abadi, a Shi ite. Abadi s office said he didn t meet the delegation. Hemin Hawrami, an assistant to Barzani, tweeted:  Our delegation in Baghdad to deliver a message: We re ready for talks after 25/9.   Turkey said on Saturday it would take security and other steps in response to the planned referendum, which it called a  terrible mistake . The Turkish parliament convened for a debate and vote on extending a mandate that authorizes Turkish troop deployments to Iraq and Syria, and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim alluded to possible military moves. The United States has urged the KRG to cancel the vote, while the U.N. Security Council warned in a statement of its  potentially destabilizing  impact on Iraq. Washington and other Western powers say the vote distracts from the fight against the Islamic State militant group. The KRG counters that its Peshmerga fighters have made a crucial contribution to that fight. (This version of the story corrects to say meeting was with the Iraqi ruling Shi te coalition in Baghdad, not with the government in Baghdad) ",1
19236,North Korea says rockets to U.S. 'inevitable' after Trump dubs Kim 'rocket man',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told the United Nations on Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump had made  our rockets  visit to the entire U.S. mainland inevitable  by calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  rocket man .   Through such a prolonged and arduous struggle, now we are finally only a few steps away from the final gate of completion of the state nuclear force,  Ri told the annual gathering of world leaders for the United Nations General Assembly.  It is only a forlorn hope to consider any chance that the DPRK (North Korea) would be shaken an inch or change its stance due to the harsher sanctions by the hostile forces,  he said. ",1
19237,"Facing far-right gains, Merkel, Schulz urge undecided Germans to vote","BERLIN/GREIFSWALD, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel, poised to win a fourth term in Sunday s election, and her center-left challenger Martin Schulz urged supporters on Saturday to keep fighting for votes with a third of the electorate still undecided. Merkel is widely expected to cruise to re-election with the Schulz s Social Democrats trailing by double digits but the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) could emerge as the third largest party, complicating the outlook for her next coalition. A new INSA poll published by Bild newspaper showed sliding support for Merkel s conservatives, who dropped two percentage points to 34 percent, and the SPD, down one point to 21 percent - both now joined in an unwieldy  grand coalition .  The anti-immigrant AfD, meanwhile, rose two percentage points to 13 percent, cementing its bid to be the first far-right party to enter parliament since the end of World War Two. Merkel urged supporters to drum up votes by focusing on conservatives  efforts on behalf of families, a pledge to avoid tax increases and emphasis on increasing security in Germany. The Christian Democratic leader also lauded the role of the European Union in providing stability in  a troubled world .  We want to boost your motivation so that we can still reach many, many people today. Many are still undecided,  Merkel said before heading north to her home constituency.  In Greifswald, she led a crowd in practicing CPR as loudspeakers blared the Bee Gees song  Stayin  Alive .  I should be in better shape, with the international media here, but I ll give it a try,  a smiling Merkel told the crowd. First elected in 2005, Merkel remains popular in Germany but has regularly faced jeers and whistles from left- and right-wing demonstrators during rallies during this campaign. In Munich on Friday, Merkel defended her 2015 decision to admit about one million asylum seekers on humanitarian grounds, but pledged to prevent a repeat of that crisis. In the western city of Aachen, Schulz pledged to fight for every vote until polls close at 6 p.m. on Sunday. He said high voter turnout was vital to offset growing support for the AfD, whom he described as  a party of haters.   Young people, think about Brexit. Think about Trump,  he said.  Go vote. Take this right to vote seriously, and use it.  Schulz said the SPD overcame resistance from conservatives in their coalition to push through a minimum wage, same-sex marriage and other social priorities. Schulz asserted that Merkel was  a world champion in not deciding,  someone who simply parroted others  ideas. He vowed to push for further reforms, including better elderly care facilities, affordable housing, an end to discriminatory practices that harm children of migrants, and free child care. MOUNTING CONCERN ABOUT AfD Merkel s interior minister, Thomas de Maiziere, told Internet provider t-online.de the government would combat  Islamist terrorism  by strengthening European borders and bolstering security at home.  He criticized the AfD as  a wolf in sheep s clothing  and said Germany s BfV domestic intelligence agency was studying  whether right-wing extremists are seizing power and exerting influence on the party . The AfD was founded in 2013 with the original goal of opposing large bailouts of financially strapped euro zone countries but from 2015 shifted its focus to immigration. Mainstream parties have ruled out governing with the AfD. It has come under increased scrutiny in recent weeks after its top candidate Alexander Gauland said the German integration minister should be dumped in her parents  homeland of Turkey, and that Germans should be proud of what their military did in World War One and Two. Jewish and Muslim groups say the AfD s rhetoric has opened the door to more hate speech and anti-Semitism. Josef Schuster, president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, told Reuters he feared the AfD s entry into parliament would change the public tone in Germany.  I worry that the AfD will aggressively deepen divisions in our country,  he said. The AfD, which has already won seats in 13 of 16 state legislatures in Germany, has promised to reenergize debate in the federal parliament after four years of what it calls  boring  rule by Merkel s grand coalition. AfD executive board member Georg Pazderski told Reuters the party was seeing a huge increase in support.  People are no longer ashamed to come to the AfD and to identify with the AfD.   Electoral arithmetic might yet nudge Merkel to renew her coalition with the SPD, or she might opt for a three-way alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens. FDP Chief Christian Lindner told a rally in Duesseldorf his party hoped to be the third biggest force in parliament, but would only govern if its demands and conditions were met.  We won t govern at any price,  he said, suggesting the FDP could potentially have more impact as an opposition force.     ",1
19238,"Turkey extends troop deployment mandate, pressures Iraqi Kurds on vote","ISTANBUL/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Turkey s parliament voted on Saturday to extend by a year a mandate authorizing the deployment of Turkish troops in Iraq and Syria, stepping up pressure against an independence referendum in northern Iraq s Kurdish region in two days  time. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey would take security, economic and political steps in response to the referendum, which President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman described as a  terrible mistake  that would trigger new regional crises. The United States and other Western powers have, like Turkey, urged authorities in the semi-autonomous Iraqi region to cancel Monday s vote. They say the move by the oil-producing area distracts from the fight against Islamic State. In Iraq, a Kurdistan regional government delegation arrived in Baghdad for talks with the Iraqi government in an effort to defuse tensions, but a senior Kurdish official said the vote was going ahead.  The delegation will discuss the referendum but the referendum is still happening,  Hoshiyar Zebari, a top adviser to Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani, told Reuters. Turkey, which has NATO s second-largest army, said on Friday that the Iraqi vote would threaten its security and force it to slap sanctions on a neighbor and trading partner, although it did not specify what measures it might take. Asked on Saturday if a cross-border operation was among the options, Yildirim told reporters:  Naturally, it is a question of timing as to when security, economic and security options are implemented. Developing conditions will determine that.  The mandate approved by Turkey s parliament on Saturday was first passed in 2014 with the aim of tackling threats from within its southern neighbors Iraq and Syria. It had been due to expire in October.  Turkey is home to the largest Kurdish population in the region and is itself fighting a Kurdish insurgency on its soil. But it is also the main conduit for oil exports from Iraq s Kurdish region and it has said that any break-up of neighboring Iraq or Syria could lead to a global conflict. In a speech to parliament, Turkish Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli voiced concern about the referendum s impact on the region s ethnic and sectarian relationships, saying it could trigger an  uncontrollable fire .  Pulling out just a brick from a structure based on very sensitive and fragile balances will sow the seeds for new hatred, enmity and clashes,  he said. A particular area of concern is the multi-ethnic oil city of Kirkuk, which lies outside the recognized boundaries of the autonomous Kurdish region and is claimed by Baghdad. It is dominated by Kurds but is also home to Arabs, Assyrian Christians and Turkmen   of whom Turkey has long seen itself as the protector.  If the referendum is not canceled, there will be serious consequences. Erbil must immediately refrain from this terrible mistake, which will trigger new crises in the region,  Erdogan s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin tweeted on Saturday. Militants from the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) launched a rocket and mortar attack from the Iraqi side of the border on Turkey s Semdinli district on Saturday, killing one Turkish soldier and a worker in the area of a military base, the Hakkari governor s office said in a statement. The PKK launched its separatist insurgency in 1984. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. It is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. The Iraqi army s chief of staff, Lieutenant General Othman al-Ghanmi, met his Turkish counterpart, General Hulusi Akar, in Turkey and they discussed the  illegitimate  referendum, Turkey s military said.  The importance of maintaining Iraq s territorial integrity and political unity was stressed once again,  it said. The Turkish army launched military exercises on Monday near the Habur border crossing to Iraq. Military sources said they were due to last until Sept. 26, the day after the planned vote.  On Saturday the military said additional units had joined the exercises as they entered their second stage. Turkey has for years been northern Iraq s main link to the outside world. It has built strong trade ties with the semi-autonomous region, which exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day through Turkey to international markets.  ",1
19239,U.S. bombers fly off North Korea's coast in show of force,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers escorted by fighter jets flew in international airspace over waters east of North Korea on Saturday, in a show of force the Pentagon said demonstrated the range of military options available to President Donald Trump. The flight, which was disclosed shortly before North Korea s foreign minister was due to address the United Nations, was the farthest north of the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea that any U.S. fighter jet or bomber has flown in the 21st century, the Pentagon said.  This mission is a demonstration of U.S. resolve and a clear message that the President has many military options to defeat any threat,  said Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White, calling   North Korea s weapons program  a grave threat.   We are prepared to use the full range of military capabilities to defend the U.S. homeland and our allies.  The flight follows a week of heightened rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang, with Trump and Kim Jong Un trading  insults. Trump called the North Korean leader a  madman  on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard.  Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched dozens of missiles this year as it accelerates a program aimed at enabling it to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. The North has threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. The Pentagon said the B-1B Lancer bombers came from Guam and the U.S. Air Force F-15C Eagle fighter escorts came from Okinawa, Japan. It said the operation showed the seriousness with which it took North Korea s  reckless behavior.  ",1
19240,China says North Korea quake not nuclear explosion,BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Earthquake Administration said on Saturday that a small earthquake recorded earlier in the day in North Korea was not a nuclear explosion and had the characteristics of a natural tremor. The administration had said earlier the magnitude 3.4 quake detected at 0829 GMT was a  suspected explosion .  ,1
19241,France's far-left leader urges French 'resistance' against Macron,"PARIS (Reuters) - French far-left opposition party leader Jean-Luc Melenchon drew tens of thousands to a rally on Saturday against President Emmanuel Macron s labor reforms, aiming to reinforce his credentials as Macron s strongest political opponent. Trade union protests against Macron s plan to make hiring and firing easier and give companies more power over working conditions seem to be losing steam, but Melenchon said his  France Unbowed  party was calling on unions to join them and together  keep up the fight .  The battle is not over, it is only starting,  Melenchon told the crowd gathered on the Place de la Republique where the rally against what Melenchon has called  a social coup d etat  ended. In a warning to Macron, who has said he will not bow to street pressure, Melenchon said:  It is the street that defeated the kings, it is the street that defeated the Nazis,  while the crowd chanted  Resistance! Resistance!  It remains to be seen whether Melenchon and his party have the capacity to mobilize the kind of street resistance which forced the last two presidents to dilute their own attempts to loosen the labor code.  Melenchon tweeted that over 150,000 demonstrators had turned up while police put the number at 30,000. A campaign rally in March, weeks before the presidential election, drew some 130,000 people, party officials had said.  Today we are sending an extraordinary strong message to the workers that they are not alone,  Melenchon added.  Macron campaigned for the presidency as someone who could bridge the divide between left and right. But since his election, he has already alienated many, especially on the left, by saying he would be a  Jupiter-like  president, above the fray, and with his avowed determination not to tolerate  slackers . Some of Saturday s protesters carried banners reading  The slackers are in the streets  or  Macron president of the wealthy . Party officials said about 150 buses had brought protesters from all over France. Brigitte Gerard, a 59-year-old school teacher from Rennes, in western France, carried a banner reading:  Watch out Jupiter, the people are rumbling .  There is a lot of anger,  she said as the march set off for the Place de la Republique.  I don t think they re aware of it. They re cut off from reality.   ARM-WRESTLING CONTEST  The new labor rules, discussed at length in advance with unions, will among other measures cap payouts on dismissals that are judged unfair.  Emmanuel Macron has started an arm-wrestling contest with the French people ... but I think we can stop these decrees,  France Unbowed lawmaker Adrien Quatennens told Reuters. A string of opinion polls showing the far-left maverick Melenchon as the strongest opponent to Macron s upstart En Marche (On The Move) party, highlight the weakness of the traditional mainstream parties. The Socialists, who ruled from 2012 to 2017, are in tatters, the conservative Republicans are divided over whether to back Macron, and the far-right National Front, whose leader Marine Le Pen reached the second round run-off against Macron, is weakened by internal fighting. Ironically, Melenchon s strength could be a good thing for Macron, because polls also indicate that he is not seen as a credible alternative but rather as a conduit for protest. In an Odoxa survey carried out this week, 66 percent of respondents said Melenchon would be a bad president. The centrist president formally signed the labor decrees on Friday, and they are due to enter into force by the start of next year.  The measures are only the first step of a series of reforms that will also amend the unemployment benefit and pension systems, changes that could well provoke more protests than changes to the labor code. ",1
19242,"Few ideas, less hope leave Syria crisis on back burner at U.N.","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - At the entrance to the United Nations building in New York a sign advertises an upcoming party to celebrate the end of the annual gathering of world leaders. Next to it a weathered box with crumpled papers urges people to donate for Syrian refugees. The contrast is striking a year after nations jousted verbally for a week in the same halls attempting to strike a ceasefire deal as Russia and Iran backed Syrian government troops in a brutal advance on the then rebel bastion of Aleppo. But tensions in the Korean Peninsula and a growing crisis over the fate of a nuclear agreement between Iran and world powers has relegated talk of resolving the six-year-old Syrian civil war to back rooms and bilateral chitchat as international diplomacy struggles to find a strategy to end the crisis. On the ground, violence between government forces and rebels has been drastically reduced after the creation of  de-escalation zones  in the west of the country negotiated between Russia, Turkey and Iran in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan. A separate effort between Russia, Jordan and the United States has also helped in the south. Its backers say the zones have restored some security to Syrians and open the way for local reconciliation. Its detractors warn that they will fragment the country and lead to a more radicalised opposition.  You don t have the U.S. and the Europeans around the table and that is a huge defeat for all of us. This Astana process is just a military de-escalation process and it must be supplemented with a political process,  French President Emmanuel Macron, whose country supports rebels and urges the departure of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, told reporters this week. But there appears little momentum for that. While all actors in the conflict agree on the common goal of defeating Islamic State and al-Qaeda-backed militants, an objective that is well on course, there is no consensus on how to breathe fresh life into the political process. That has been compounded by the arrival of the Trump administration whose priority in Syria is focused on destroying Islamist groups and curbing Iran s influence. Meanwhile, they have reduced support for some opposition groups.  The American withdrawal has left Russia dominating the entire process,  Riad Hijab, the head of the opposition High Negotiations Committee (HNC), told Reuters in New York.  The last major international attempt to resolve the crisis ended in failure when the International Syria Support Group (ISSG) was cast aside after Syrian government forces retook Aleppo in 2016. U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva that have pitted a government delegation against a divided opposition for several years with the ultimate aim of implementing an existing U.N. roadmap have been kept on life-support as sponsors of the warring parties fail to pressure them to engage in dialogue.  The question is, are these de-escalation areas going to be limited for six months or do they risk becoming a de facto partition of Syria?  U.N. special envoy Staffan de Mistura told a sparsely attended meeting on the crisis.  It s time for Geneva to ensure sustainability of de-escalation,  he said.  If we miss this we will be regretting it once again.  Those talks are tentatively scheduled to resume at the end October. There is growing pressure on the Riyadh-based opposition, which has suffered repeated reversals since the start of the year, to restructure by including groups that have closer ties to Russia, but also shaking up its top leadership. Western and Arab diplomats argue that it aims to merely strengthen Moscow s hand in any future negotiating process.  Now that the opposition no longer has the hope to win the war, things can be different, but if we put up a fragmented, demoralized and radicalised opposition in Geneva versus a regime that, while weak, believes it can win, then nothing will happen in Geneva,  a senior European diplomat said.    It s time for the sponsors to blow the final whistle.  But after a week at the United Nations, there was little sign of progress. A French effort to get the five permanent members of the Security Council - Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States - to talk to each other yielded no concrete results.  There s a lot of wariness and mistrust from Russia who think we have a hidden agenda and the United States ... who are obsessed with Iran,  said a senior French diplomat.  At no point have the powers ever been clear on what they want so we want to now have that conversation.  How Russia and Iran see the political evolution remains unclear given their interests and influence in Syria have never been greater. Iran s foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, whose country may be feeling under pressure after this week s barrage of threats from U.S. President Donald Trump, on Thursday urged all the sponsors  to commit to ourselves that there will be no solution without a political solution.  Speaking at the high-level Syria meeting, Russia s Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov pushed for a new round of Geneva talks. However, he condemned as  unacceptable  the West s attitude in refusing to help fund reconstruction of areas taken back by Syrian government-backed forces, a sign perhaps that Moscow is concerned about its long-term role in the country. The United States, Britain and France have all dismissed that idea, believing they can use the promise of reconstruction to push Assad and his allies to the negotiating table.  Absent a credible political horizon that can lead to a transition that s supported by a majority of the Syrian people, the reality is the international community will not be coming in with significant reconstruction assistance,  said Brett McGurk, U.S. special envoy for the coalition against Islamic State. ",1
19243,"Turkish parliament extends mandate on troop deployment in Iraq, Syria","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s parliament voted on Saturday to extend by a year a mandate authorizing the deployment of Turkish troops in Iraq and Syria, two days before a planned independence referendum in northern Iraq s Kurdish region. Turkey said earlier it would take security, political and economic steps in response to the referendum, which President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said was a  terrible mistake that will trigger new crises in the region .  ",1
19244,"Union leader shot dead near South African Lonmin mine, second death in two weeks","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU) said on Saturday another member of its leadership had been shot dead, execution-style, this time at a Lonmin owned-mine on the platinum belt in the west of the country. A senior official of the union was shot and killed outside an Impala Platinum (Implats) mine two weeks ago, and the union said five of its members had been killed since July. AMCU president Joseph Mathunjwa said Mvelesi Biyela, a health and safety officer at Lonmin s Wonderkop mine near Marikana in Rustenburg, was shot on Friday evening in front of his wife and six-year-old daughter while they were on their way home.  This is the fifth killing of one of our members since about the end of July,  Mathunjwa said.   We will not fight back with bullets, guns and anonymous hit men but with mass action,  AMCU said in a press statement. Lonmin confirmed that Biyela was employed at its Rowland Shaft, and that it was informed by police late on Friday that unknown assailants had shot and killed him.    We have no idea at all what is behind these killings but it is very concerning, especially when it happens in such a brutal manner. For now we are leaving it to the police to find out the causes,  said Lonmin spokeswoman Wendy Tlou. A resurgence of violence in the same area that saw South Africa s longest strike in 2012 and 34 AMCU members gunned down by police has unnerved investors in the ailing sector. Labour and social strife in South Africa s platinum belt, the source of more than 70 percent of known reserves of the precious metal, has piled pressure onto an industry already hit by depressed prices. ",1
19245,"Venezuela slams Canada sanctions, says Ottawa submitting to Trump","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s government criticized Canada s Friday announcement of targeted sanctions against 40 of its senior officials, accusing Ottawa of  submission  to U.S. President Donald Trump in a bid to overthrow the South American country s leftist administration. Canada s move, which followed a similar decision by the United States, came after months of protests against President Nicolas Maduro s government. At least 125 people were killed in the demonstrations.  Critics say Maduro has plunged the nation into its worst economic crisis ever and brought it to the brink of dictatorship. Maduro says he was facing a U.S.-backed  armed insurrection  seeking to foment a coup. Canada s measures include freezing the assets of the officials and banning Canadians from having any dealings with them. Caracas late on Friday night decried the sanctions as a sign of external meddling and an attempt to churn up turmoil in Venezuela.  Canada s government established ... an immoral association of subordination with the government of President Donald Trump with the clear aim of overthrowing Venezuela s constitutional government using economic sanctions as political weapons,  the government said in a statement. Last month, Trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company in an effort to halt financing that the White House said fuels Maduro s  dictatorship.  The Trump administration also sanctioned Maduro in July. ",1
19246,Greek court's rejection of asylum appeals sets bad precedent: Amnesty,"ATHENS (Reuters) - A ruling by Greece s top administrative court that two Syrian asylum seekers can be safely returned to Turkey sets a dangerous precedent for thousands of refugees, according to Amnesty International. About 62,000 refugees and migrants, mainly Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis aiming for northern Europe, have been stranded in Greece since European countries closed their borders in March last year. Most live in overcrowded camps.   The ruling sets an ominous precedent for many other asylum-seekers who have fled conflict and persecution and are currently stranded on Greek islands,  said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International s Europe Director.  These decisions breach a very clear principle - Greece and the EU should not be sending asylum seekers and refugees back to a country in which they cannot get effective protection,  Dalhuisen said. Greece s Council of State on Friday rejected the appeals of the two Syrians against earlier rulings, declaring their asylum claims inadmissible.  The court rejected the Syrians  claims that their life and freedom would be in danger if they were returned to Turkey, as the judges opined this did not emerge from any evidence,  a court official said, declining to be named. The court s ruling also took into consideration that the two Syrians had links to Turkey, because their families and relatives are there, the court official said. If the two Syrians are deported, it will mark the first formal return of asylum seekers from Greece to Turkey on the basis that Turkey is a safe country since an EU-Turkey deal came into force. The EU-Turkey deal, signed in March 2016, aims to return  asylum seekers from Greek islands to Turkey, which receives billions of euros in aid. So far under the EU-Turkey deal, only migrants who do not qualify for international protection have been forced to return. Some Syrians have returned voluntarily, authorities say. ",1
19247,"India, at U.N., calls Pakistan 'pre-eminent export factory for terror'","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - India responded with irritation on Saturday to Pakistani allegations of brutality in Kashmir, saying that while India had made substantial progress since independence, all Pakistan had achieved was a reputation as the  pre-eminent export factory for terror.  Addressing the annual United Nations General Assembly, Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj rejected allegations by Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi at the world body earlier in the week in which he accused India of state-sponsored terrorism, and violating human rights.  Those listening had only one observation:  Look who s talking! ,  Swaraj said.  A country that has been the world s greatest exporter of havoc, death and inhumanity became a champion of hypocrisy by preaching about humanity from this podium.  Swaraj said Pakistanis should look at the progress India had made since the two countries emerged on independence from Britain in 1947.  Why is it that today India is a recognized IT superpower in the world, and Pakistan is recognized only as the pre-eminent export factory for terror?  she said. On Friday officials from both sides said shelling along the disputed border between Pakistan and India killed six civilians and wounded 30 more people in the latest confrontation between the two nuclear-armed countries. The firing took place across the frontier separating Pakistan s Punjab province from Indian-administered Kashmir s Jammu region, and most of the casualties were reported on the Pakistani side. On Thursday in New York, Abbasi urged the U.N. secretary general to appoint a special envoy for Kashmir and accused India s military of brutality in a crackdown against anti-India activists. He said hundreds of Kashmiris had been killed or injured and shotgun pellets have blinded and maimed others. India rejected the allegation. It accuses Pakistan of backing several anti-India militant groups and helping them infiltrate Kashmir to stoke violence and carry out terrorist acts. Pakistan denies this charge. Both countries claim Kashmir, and have fought two of their three wars over the Himalayan region, which they have disputed since partition and independence in 1947. ",1
19248,"Syrian migrant tells Germans: Cherish your democracy, go vote!","AACHEN, Germany (Reuters) - Social Democrat Martin Schulz on Saturday read out a message he received via Facebook from a young Syrian migrant who called on Germans to exercise their right to vote in Sunday s national election. In an open letter to the German people, Abdul Abbasi, a translator at a migrant legal clinic in Goettingen, talked of watching friends killed before his eyes while participating in pro-democracy demonstrations in Syria in 2012, Schulz said.  Their goals and desires were things that are considered normal in Germany in 2017. They died because they wanted to live as free people ... they wanted the right to participate in the politics of their country,  Abbasi wrote.  The ability to vote and live in a democratic country is a dream of many in this world,  he said.  Go vote and protect your democracy, protect us from people who divide us into categories, fight against our ability to live together and want to divide the society.  Abbasi was not immediately available to comment. His Facebook profile said he was from Aleppo, Syria, and was studying dentistry at the University of Goettingen. Schulz said the letter underscored the importance of voting at a time when the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party is poised to become the first far-right party in the Bundestag since the end of World War Two. Abbasi posted the open letter in response to a Facebook posting in which Schulz called the AfD  a danger to our democracy  and said it  has no business being in parliament . Founded in 2013 to oppose large bailouts of financially strapped euro zone countries, the AfD has gained popular support after Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2015 opened the doors to about a million migrants. It is now polling around 13 percent.  What a wonderful letter, and what a challenge for us,  Schulz told thousands of supporters gathered for his final campaign appearance. With support of around 21 percent, the SPD is running far behind Merkel s conservatives in the polls, which are at 34 percent. Electoral arithmetic might yet force Merkel to renew her coalition with the SPD, or she might opt for a three-way alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens. ",1
19249,Saudi Arabia condemns Myanmar government 'policy of repression',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam, on Saturday condemned the government of Myanmar s  policy of repression  against minority Rohingya Muslims.  My country is gravely concerned and condemns the policy of repression and forced displacement carried out by the government of Myanmar against the Rohingya minority,  Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said in a speech at the United Nations General Assembly. Bangladesh and aid organizations are struggling to help 422,000 Rohingya Muslims who have arrived since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants triggered a Myanmar crackdown that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. ",1
19250,Congo president says whoever killed U.N. experts will be punished,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Congolese President Joseph Kabila told the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations on Saturday that he would ensure those responsible for killing two U.N. investigators earlier this year would be punished. Michael Sharp, an American who was coordinator of an independent sanctions monitoring group, and Zaida Catalan, a Swede, were killed in central Congo on March 12 while carrying out investigations for a report to the U.N. Security Council. The bodies of Sharp and Catalan were found in a shallow grave two weeks later.  We are determined to ensure that light is shed on the exact circumstances of this crime and to ensure that this horrendous act ... will not remain unpunished,  Kabila said.   This is exactly what open public court processes have been working toward for several weeks now following the arrest of the majority of the suspects of these crimes,  he told the 193-member General Assembly. Congolese authorities have arrested nine suspects in the killings but some Western governments and rights groups are skeptical that the real masterminds have been identified. An internal U.N. inquiry found that Sharp and Catalan were murdered by a group of Congolese, likely militia members from central Democratic Republic of Congo, but an absence of evidence  does not preclude the possibility that others are involved.   At a U.N. Security Council meeting last month, the United States, Britain, France, Sweden and Japan urged U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to establish a follow-up investigation to determine responsibility. Guterres has said he planned to discuss the establishment of a  follow-on mechanism  to the board of inquiry with Congo officials and council members.  The most effective would be the integration of independent experts into the Congolese system. I do not know whether it will be possible or not,  Guterres told reporters last week.  Otherwise, we will take our own initiative: our colleagues in the Department of Political Affairs are making all the necessary consultations to put in place the system that can be as effective as possible for the truth to be known,  he said. In the central Congo Kasai provinces, where Sharp and Catalan were killed, an insurrection by the Kamuina Nsapu militia, which demands the withdrawal of Congolese forces from the area, has driven 1.4 million people from their homes and killed more than 3,000 since August last year. Kabila said the country had  fallen victim to terrorist attacks  and that a  mystical religious tribal militia is using the civilian population, including children as a human shield.  Kasai poses Congo s biggest security challenge and is the scene of a growing humanitarian disaster in a country where militia violence since Kabila refused to step down in December has raised fears of a slip back into civil war. Kabila also told the U.N. General Assembly that Congo had so far registered 42 million of 45 million voters and that the National Election Commision would  soon publish the electoral calendar and timelines.   Despite this progress, challenges in organizing elections in my country remain great, both on the logistical level, as well as on the financial, security and legislative one,  he said.  I can affirm that we are most certainly moving towards credible, transparent and peaceful elections.  He did not say if the vote would take place this year, as required by a deal with Congo s opposition that allowed him to stay in power beyond the expiry of his mandate last December. ",1
19251,Germany calls May's Brexit speech 'disappointing',"WOLFENBUETTEL, Germany (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Saturday described British Prime Minister Theresa May s Brexit speech as  disappointing , saying it offered no concrete details on how Britain wants to structure its exit from the European Union.  I found the speech disappointing,  Gabriel told reporters in the northern German city of Woelfenbuettel.   We heard nothing concrete. It is time for the government of Great Britain to clearly state under what conditions it wants to leave the European Union.  May set out a plan on Friday to retain full access to the EU s single market for two years after Brexit to try to reassure business and reset the tone of stalled negotiations with Brussels. ",1
19252,Somalia's Puntland region captures weapons-laden boat from Yemen,"BOSASO, Somalia (Reuters) - Somalia s semi-autonomous region of Puntland seized a boat loaded with weapons from Yemen in Saturday s early hours, the regional maritime police chief said. Puntland authorities displayed dozens of anti-aircraft guns, machine guns, AK-47 rifles and dozens of boxes of ammunition seized from the boat after it was stopped in coastal waters off the Horn of Africa region. The journey of the small vessel, known as Al Faruq, was tracked from Yemen by European maritime forces patrolling sea lanes off Somalia, Abdirahman Mohamud Hassan, the director general of Puntland maritime police force, told Reuters. He said they had seized other boatloads of arms destined for Islamic State and al Shabaab militants active in Somalia though on this occasion the cargo was believed to be owned by arms smugglers who would have sold them at local retail outlets.   Today, we suspect traders own these weapons, but we shall investigate further,  he said. Puntland has been hit by heavy fighting in recent months as al Shabaab and a splinter group linked to Islamic State attacked government troops around the Galagala hills, 30 km southeast of the regional capital Bosaso. In June al Shabaab overran a military base in the town of Af Urur in the hills area, killing 38 people, mainly soldiers. Unlike the rest of Somalia, Puntland rarely suffered from militant attacks before the recent surge in violence, mainly because its security forces are relatively regularly paid and receive substantial U.S. assistance. ",1
19253,Turkish and Iraqi militaries discuss Kurdish independence vote,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The heads of the Turkish and Iraqi armed forces discussed the  illegitimate  Iraqi Kurdish referendum on Saturday and stressed the importance of maintaining Iraq s territorial integrity, the Turkish military said. It issued a written statement after the Iraqi army s chief of staff, Lieutenant General Othman al-Ghanmi, met his Turkish counterpart, General Hulusi Akar, in Turkey on Saturday, two days ahead of the planned referendum. ",1
19254,"New Zealand's ruling Nationals win most votes, New Zealand First Party kingmaker","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s ruling National Party won the largest number of votes in the country s general election on Saturday, securing a comfortable margin over the Labour Party after what had promised to be the most hotly contested race in recent history. National and Labour had been almost neck and neck in opinion polls, with charismatic 37-year old Jacinda Ardern almost single-handedly dragging Labour back into the race after taking over the party s leadership in August. National took 46 percent of the vote, the Electoral Commission said, while support for Labour was 35.8 percent. A final tally including overseas votes will be released on Oct. 7. The results set up the nationalist New Zealand First Party to hold the balance of power and form the next government with 7.5 percent of the ballot. Veteran New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has been minister under both major parties and has not said which party he would favor as a coalition partner. Previously he has backed the party with the largest number of votes. All party leaders said they would have conversations over the next few days, with some of them already trying to woo Peters on election night.  I want to acknowledge the strong performance of Winston Peters and New Zealand First,  Bill English said in a speech to his supporters.   The voters of New Zealand have given New Zealand First a role in forming the next government,  he said. For English, who campaigned heavily on National s economic credentials after taking the party leadership last year, the strong showing was a vindication after National crashed to its worst ever election result in 2002 under his first stint as leader.  Opinion polls leading up to the vote had been volatile with two recent ones giving National a near 10 point lead over Labour. National has been in power for nearly a decade.  Bill English and National have taken the largest number of votes. I ve called Bill and acknowledged that,  Ardern told her supporters, adding she was planning conversations with both the Green and New Zealand First parties.  It s not over yet.   Peters sounded buoyant but kept his cards close to his chest.  We have been strong enough and honest enough with our supporters to make it home,  he said. New Zealand First had  not all the cards but we do have the main cards,  he added, saying he would not be rushed into giving any answers immediately. Ardern and English were expected to maintain fiscal prudence, but to differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration. That would likely have implications for the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most-traded currency in 2016. The New Zealand dollar has tended to rise when National rose in the polls.  The thin trading conditions typical of early morning in Asia mean a sharp but short-lived move on the NZD is possible on Monday,  said Joseph Carpuso, senior currency strategist at CBA.  New Zealand uses a German-style proportional representation system in which a party, or combination of parties, needs 61 of Parliament s 120 members - usually about 48 percent of the vote - to form a government. The results secured 58 seats for National in parliament, and 45 for Labour. New Zealand First has nine seats and Greens, which won 5.8 percent of the votes, have seven. National s 58 seats were higher than Labour and Greens put together at 52, but neither combination had enough to govern on their own.  It s all over, bar the special votes - but even they won t change the basic maths. They won t change any crucial seats and National is extremely unlikely to go up. So Winston Peters rules,  said Bryce Edwards, analyst at Wellington-based Critical Politics. A record 1.2 million ballots were cast before the day of the election, accounting for about a third of the 3.3 million New Zealanders enrolled to vote.   Special votes , which include ballots from New Zealanders overseas and those who vote outside their home constituencies, will be released on Oct. 7. These are estimated to represent 15 percent of total votes and could have a considerable impact.  I would expect us to get a bit of a lift out of those special votes,  said Ardern. ",1
19255,"Spain, Catalonia clash over policing as illegal independence vote nears","MADRID (Reuters) - The mounting political crisis in Spain over Catalonia s campaign for independence intensified on Saturday with a new row over the control of the local police force as the regional government pressed ahead with plans to hold an illegal vote next weekend. The State prosecutor in Catalonia told all local and national police forces on Saturday that they had been temporarily placed under a single chain of command reporting directly to the interior ministry in Madrid. But Catalonia s interior chief, Joaquim Forn, said his department and the local police, or Mossos d Esquadra, did not accept this decision.  We denounce the intervention of the state to control the police forces of Catalonia ... We will not accept this control,  Forn said in a televised speech. It was not immediately clear whether the regional administration and the Mossos could actually oppose the decision, as Spanish laws allow for the possibility of state police taking the lead over the police of an autonomous community during a joint operation. The central government representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo, had earlier said the Mossos remained in charge of security in Catalonia though they would be  coordinated  directly by the interior ministry and not by the local authorities, together with two national police forces also on the ground in Catalonia.  We are not taking over the police competencies of the regional government,  Millo told reporters after an event held by his People s Party (PP) in Palma de Mallorca, in Eastern Spain. Millo also called on Catalan leaders, including Forn, to stop encouraging street protests and demonstrations. Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia said the prosecutor s order would remain in place until at least Oct. 1, when the vote is due to take place. The Mossos are one of the symbols of Catalonia s autonomy and for many Catalans the prosecutor s decision may be reminiscent of the 1936-39 Spanish Civil War and subsequent dictatorship of Francisco Franco, when the Mossos were abolished. Several pro-independence groups have called for widespread protests on Sunday in central Barcelona.  Let s respond to the state with an unstoppable wave of democracy,  a Whatsapp message which was used to organize the demonstration read. The Catalonian government opened a new website on Saturday with details of how and where to vote on Oct. 1, challenging several court rulings that had blocked previous sites and declared the referendum unconstitutional.  You can t stem the tide,  Catalonia s president Carles Puigdemont said on Twitter in giving the link to the new website. But Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy insisted again that the vote should not go ahead.  It will not happen because this would mean liquidating the law,  he said at the PP event in Palma de Mallorca. Acting on court orders, the Spanish state police has already raided the regional government offices, arrested temporarily several senior Catalan officials accused of organizing the referendum and seized ballot papers, ballot boxes, voting lists and electoral material and literature. The finance ministry in Madrid has also taken control of regional finances to make sure public money is not being spent to pay for the logistics the vote or to campaign. Between 3,000 and 4,000 police officers coming from other Spanish regions have already arrived in Catalonia or are on their way. They will join 5,000 state police already based in the region and 17,000 local Mossos. ",1
19256,"Magnitude 6.2 quake hits southeast of Oaxaca, Mexico: USGS","(Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.2 struck southeast of the town of Mat as Romero in Oaxaca, Mexico, on Saturday, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said. Slight quake tremors were felt, and seismic alarms sounded on Saturday in Mexico City, which earlier this week was hit by the country s most deadly earthquake in decades. That 7.1 magnitude earthquake destroyed more than 50 buildings in the sprawling Mexican capital on Tuesday, leaving thousands homeless and close to 300 people dead nationwide. ",1
19257,Lithuania gets minority government as junior partner leaves,"VILNIUS (Reuters) - Lithuania s government lost its majority in parliament on Saturday after its junior coalition partner quit, saying they has been sidelined over policies ranging from alcohol age limits to subsidies on central heating. A parliament vote on next year s budget, expected by early December, will be the first test for the minority government following the departure of the Social Democrats after less than a year in power. The government will need to convince opposition parties to support it on a case-by-case basis. The Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Union, the sole party remaining in power, have a block of 57 members in Lithuania s 141-seat parliament. The country, once ruled from Moscow but now a member of both the European Union and NATO, is rebuilding its military in the face of an assertive Russia but has found development hampered by emigration and raising wages, eating away at competitiveness.  All preconditions are in place for our government to continue until the next general election in 2020,  Saulius Skvernelis, prime minister since November 2016, told Reuters.  The Social Democrats took a short-sighted and suicidal decision,  he added. Lithuania s Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius, a Social Democrat, told Reuters he will leave his party to continue in the government. At least one of the two other Social Democrat appointees will leave the 15-member government, said Social Democrat chairman Gintautas Paluckas, elected in April this year on a reform mandate.  Relationships within the coalition were bad, our opinions differed on almost all major issues and, since Farmers and Greens looked for votes elsewhere, we had scant possibilities to shape its politics,  he told Reuters.  This will cost us influence in the short term, but we ll be in a position to better represent our supporters in the long term,  he said. The Social Democrats, which have held power for long stretches since Lithuanian independence, have been looking for a way to reconnect with the voters after finishing a distant third in the 2016 general election. Social Democrat rank-and-file overwhelmingly supported leaving the government in a recent poll, in contrast to the party s members of parliament who preferred staying in power. ",1
19258,USGS says cannot confirm if North Korea quake natural or manmade,"(Reuters) - The U.S. Geological Survey said on Saturday it could not conclusively confirm whether a magnitude 3.5 earthquake detected in North Korea was manmade or natural. USGS put the epicenter of the quake 22 km (14 miles) east-northeast of Sungjibaegam, North Korea, near the country s main nuclear test site. Chinese earthquake officials earlier said the tremor was a  suspected explosion , while South Korean officials and CTBTO, the nuclear proliferation watchdog, both said they believed it was a natural quake.  The depth is poorly constrained and has been held to 5 km by the seismologist,  USGS said.  The Air Force Technical Applications Center (AFTAC) is the sole organization in the U.S. federal government whose mission is to detect and report technical data from foreign nuclear explosions.  ",1
19259,New Zealand National leader says will speak with kingmaker Peters in the next few days,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand National Party leader Bill English said on Saturday the nationalist New Zealand First Party would play a role in determining the next government after a hotly contested parliamentary election.  National, which was set to win the largest share of the vote, would start speaking with New Zealand First  in the next few days , English said from his party s campaign function in Auckland. Votes cast for the National Party reached 46.1 percent with 98.6 percent of results counted by the Electoral Commission, while the opposition Labour Party won 35.8 percent support.  Each Party would likely need New Zealand First s support to form a government, based on those results. The final result that includes overseas votes will not be released until Oct. 7. ",1
19260,"U.S. army probes fake evacuation orders sent to U.S. military, families in South Korea","SEOUL (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Saturday it has opened an investigation into fake mobile phone alerts and social media messages advising U.S. military personnel and their families to evacuate the Korean Peninsula.   The phony messages, which were spread on Thursday, came at a sensitive time, with tensions high after North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3.  The test and a series of missile launches have triggered a war of words between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un.  U.S. Forces Korea (USFK) was not yet aware of how many people received the hoax messages or who was behind them, a spokesman for the USFK told Reuters.  The USFK posted a statement on its official Facebook page on Thursday making clear that the U.S. military did not issue any evacuation-related alerts.  It has also instructed all U.S. Department of Defense personnel and their family to confirm any evacuation-related communications before acting.   The USFK conducts regular biannual noncombatant evacuation operation (NEO) exercises in the spring and fall to rehearse for possible evacuation. The second NEO exercise of the year is scheduled to take place in October.  ",1
19261,"Uzbekistan drops use of students, teachers, nurses as cotton-pickers: PM","JARKUDUK, Uzbekistan (Reuters) - Uzbekistan will no longer have thousands of students, teachers and healthcare workers pick the cotton harvest, Prime Minister Abdulla Aripov said on Saturday, confirming a halt to a practice condemned abroad as forced labor. Government officials and other sources told Reuters earlier this week the Central Asian nation, one of the world s leading cotton exporters, had abruptly withdrawn students, teachers and medical workers from the autumn harvest.  It s forever,  Aripov said when asked by reporters whether the government had pulled students and state employees from the fields only for the current harvest rather than for good.  Students should study, state employees should work,  he said. Officially, the harvest work has been voluntary and paid at about $0.005 per kilogram. In reality those who refuse risk expulsion or dismissal from their jobs unless they bribe an official or hire someone to work in their place, according to sources familiar with the matter. The move dovetailed with reforms undertaken by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev in the tightly ruled, former Soviet republic since veteran strongman leader Islam Karimov s death a year ago. Mirziyoyev has moved to liberalize foreign exchange and travel regulations and had about 16,000 people struck off a blacklist of potential extremists, reforms that may help him rebuild ties with the West and attract foreign investment. Despite ending the use of child labor in 2015 under international pressure including boycott campaigns, Uzbekistan ranked among the top five worst offenders in the Global Slavery Index compiled last year by activist group Walk Free Foundation. The foundation estimated that almost 4 percent of the Uzbek population - 31 million - lived in  modern slavery,  placing he country second only to North Korea in that category. ",1
19262,"CTBTO looking at ""unusual seismic activity"" in North Korea","ZURICH (Reuters) - Nuclear proliferation watchdog CTBTO is examining unusual seismic activity in North Korea that took place around 50 km (31 miles) from previous nuclear testing in the isolated country, it said on Saturday.  Analysts looking at unusual #seismic activity of a much smaller magnitude in the #DPRK,  CTBTO Executive Secretary Lassina Zerbo said in a Twitter post.  Korean Peninsula unusual #seismic activity: LAT=41.36 LON=129.76 mb=3.5 About 50km from prior tests. #CTBT Analysts investigating,  he said in a subsequent post. China s earthquake administration said it had detected a magnitude 3.4 quake in North Korea that was a  suspected explosion , raising fears that Pyongyang might have conducted another nuclear bomb test. A CTBTO spokeswoman said Zerbo s remark about a  smaller magnitude  referred to its monitoring of an event in North Korea on Sept. 3 which the agency described as consistent with a man-made explosion but stopped short of calling a nuclear blast, pending testing for airborne radioactivity. North Korea has described the Sept. 3 incident as a test of an advanced hydrogen bomb for a long-range missile, marking a dramatic escalation of the regime s stand-off with the United States and its allies. The CTBTO (Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization) was founded in 1996 to monitor compliance with an accord negotiated in the 1990s that bans nuclear explosions. The treaty has not come into effect because eight countries with nuclear technology have yet to sign it.  ",1
19263,Two seismic events in North Korea unlikely man-made: CTBTO,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Nuclear proliferation watchdog CTBTO said on Saturday it had detected two seismic events in North Korea on Saturday but they were probably not deliberate explosions in the isolated country.  Two #Seismic Events! 0829UTC & much smaller @ 0443UTC unlikely Man-made! Similar to  collapse  event 8.5 mins after DPRK6! Analysis ongoing,  CTBTO Executive Secretary Lassina Zerbo said in a Twitter post. China s earthquake administration said it had detected a magnitude 3.4 earthquake in North Korea that was a  suspected explosion , while an official at South Korea s meteorological agency said the initial view was that it was a natural quake. ",1
19264,New Zealand's Ardern says National has more votes but race isn't over,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern said the ruling National Party had taken the largest number of votes in Saturday s general election, but the race was not over yet. The National Party had 46.1 percent of the votes with over 97 percent of results counted, while Labour had 35.7 percent of the votes, according to the Electoral Commission.  New Zealand First had 7.5 percent of the votes, putting it position to hold the balance of power in the German-style proportional representation system. Ardern said the expectation was to speak to New Zealand First as quickly as they could. ",1
19265,New Zealand Green Party leader says wants to form coalition with Labour and New Zealand First,WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Green Party leader James Shaw said on Saturday he would be willing to work with Labour Party to form a government with the populist New Zealand First Party as counting showed the ruling National Party on track to secure the most votes but fall short of an outright majority.   Shaw said his message for New Zealand First Party leader Winston Peters was that now was the time to put differences aside and work with Labour to overthrow the incumbent Nationals.     His comments came after 93.7 percent of the results counted showed Labour on 35.7 percent of the vote and center-right National on 46.2 percent. Those results suggested either major party would need New Zealand First to form the next government. The Greens have a working agreement with Labour. The final tally of all votes would not be released until Oct. 7. ,1
19266,Korean seismic activity took place 50 km from prior tests: CTBTO,"ZURICH (Reuters) - The nuclear proliferation watchdog CTBTO said unusual seismic activity detected in North Korea on Saturday took place around 50 km (31 miles) from previous tests.  Korean Peninsula unusual #seismic activity: LAT=41.36 LON=129.76 mb=3.5 About 50 km from prior tests. #CTBT Analysts investigating,  CTBTO Executive Secretary Lassina Zerbo said in a Twitter post. ",1
19267,New Zealand First leader says his party holds balance of power in New Zealand elections,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Populist New Zealand First Party leader Winston Peters said on Saturday evening that he believed his party would decide the next government after the hotly contested national elections.  Peters reiterated that he would not rush into a decision on whether to support the incumbent National Party, which has ruled for nine years, or the center-left opposition Labour Party.  Peters said he would not say this evening or tomorrow who he would support and that his party would not rush into a decision. Votes cast for the ruling National Party reached 46.4 percent with 80 percent of results counted by the Electoral Commission. National would likely need New Zealand First s support to form a government, based on those results. The final result that includes all votes will not be released until Oct. 7.  ",1
19268,New Zealand Labour leader says no immediate talks with likely election kingmaker,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern said on Saturday evening she did not expect any immediate talks with populist politician Winston Peters, whose party was poised to play kingmaker after the hotly contested national elections.  I don t expect there ll be any conversations for a little while yet,  Ardern told local media as she left her home to drive to the opposition party s function in downtown Auckland. The comments came after 86 percent of the results counted showed Labour on 35.7 percent of the vote and the incumbent center-right National Party on 46.3 percent.  Those results suggested each major party would need nationalist New Zealand First to form the next government. The final tally of all votes would not be released until Oct. 7. ",1
19269,"Iraqi Kurdish referendum to trigger new crises, says Turkish official","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The  planned independence referendum in northern Iraq s Kurdish region is a  terrible mistake  that will trigger new crises in the region if it is not canceled, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Saturday.  If the referendum is not canceled there will be serious consequences. Erbil must immediately refrain from this terrible mistake which will trigger new crises in the region,  spokesman Ibrahim Kalin wrote on Twitter. ",1
19270,National Party leads in New Zealand polls; New Zealand First still likely kingmaker,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Votes cast for New Zealand s ruling National Party hit 46.5 percent on Saturday evening with 70 percent of results counted, putting the center-right party in the lead as it vies for a fourth term in government, according to the Electoral Commission.  Center-left Labour accounted for 35.5 percent and its possible coalition partner, the Green Party had 5.9 percent of the vote.  Still, the National Party would likely need the populist New Zealand First Party, which had 7.4 percent of the vote, to form a government. A complete preliminary count was expected by around 2330 local time, but the final result, which would also include ballots cast by New Zealanders overseas, would not be released until Oct. 7. ",1
19271,Buddhist mistrust of foreign aid workers hampers relief for Myanmar's Rohingya,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Relief agencies struggling to reach hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims displaced by strife in northwestern Myanmar are facing rising hostility from ethnic Rakhine Buddhists who accuse the United Nations and foreign aid groups of only helping Muslims. So far, the Myanmar government has only granted Red Cross organizations access to the area. The United Nations suspended its activities and evacuated non-critical staff after the government suggested it had supported Rohingya insurgents. Already battling against bad weather, tough terrain and obstructive bureaucracy, the Red Cross also ran into an angry mob, who believe the foreign aid agencies have ignored the suffering of Rakhine Buddhists in Myanmar s poorest state. On Wednesday a mob in Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine State, tried to block a boat carrying International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) aid to the north, where attacks by Rohingya militants on Aug. 25 prompted Myanmar s generals to order a sweeping counter-insurgency offensive. The mob was armed with sticks, knives and petrol bombs, and only dispersed after police fired rubber bullets. Four days earlier a Myanmar Red Cross truck was stopped and searched by Rakhine residents in Sittwe.  With heightened tensions in Rakhine State, humanitarian staff and private contractors are facing serious challenges in implementing life-saving activities,  said Pierre Peron, spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Myanmar. In the past month, 420,000 Rohingya have fled into neighboring Bangladesh to avoid what the U.N. human rights chief has called ethnic cleansing.  Foreign aid groups are now scaling up to help Bangladesh cope with a humanitarian disaster of biblical proportions.  Back in Myanmar, a separate crisis is unfolding on multiple fronts, many of them much harder to reach.  Many ongoing humanitarian activities that existed before August 25th have still not resumed,  said Peron.  For the sake of vulnerable people in all communities in Rakhine State, urgent measures must be taken to allow vital humanitarian activities to resume.  In northern Rakhine, tens of thousands of people, most of them Rohingya, are displaced but haven t crossed into Bangladesh. Closer to Sittwe, 140,000 Rohingya displaced by previous religious unrest are confined to squalid camps. They depend on foreign aid that has been severely restricted since Aug. 25. About 6,000 Buddhists have also fled to Sittwe, where they are cared for at monasteries by the government and Rakhine volunteers. Ethnic Rakhine have long complained that foreign aid agencies have given generously to Muslims while ignoring other equally needy people.  All people in Rakhine are suffering, but only Muslims get help,  said Htun Aung Kyaw, chief of the Arakan National Party (ANP). Rakhine residents of Sittwe interviewed by Reuters said they believed that U.N. estimates of refugee numbers were exaggerated, and that Rohingya camps near the city faced no shortages.   They have more than enough,  said Kyaw Sein of Rakhine Alin Dagar, a Rakhine advocacy group in Sittwe.  Kyaw Sein said she hadn t visited the camps, but said in the past she had seen Muslims selling oil, rice and other aid in local markets.  She said relations between the foreign aid groups and the Rakhine people had been poisoned by years of neglect and favoritism.  It s difficult to say what they can do to win back our trust,  she said. Further eroding that trust are rumors that aid deliveries could be used to smuggle weapons to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), the militant group behind the attacks on security forces last month and in October 2016.  The Rakhine have no weapons to protect themselves with,  said the ANP s Htun Aung Kyaw.  That s why they re so terrified.  Such fears have been stoked by social media and by the discovery of World Food Program-branded biscuits at a suspected militant camp on July 30.  They have also prompted the authorities to restrict humanitarian access to some Rohingya villages on security grounds, say aid workers.  Htun Aung Kyaw predicted  bigger and bigger attacks , especially if ARSA drew support from groups such as Islamic State. Those concerns were echoed on Thursday by U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy, who warned of  a more significant terrorism problem  if the Rakhine crisis was not properly addressed. Murphy also criticized the Myanmar security forces for  a response that is disproportionate and failed to protect all local populations.  The United Nations rights body has called it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing , with reports of hundreds of Muslim villages razed and abuses by soldiers, police and Rakhine vigilantes. Even so, many people in Myanmar - not just Rakhine - appear to believe the military s explanation: the Rohingya set their own houses alight before fleeing.  Rakhine interviewed by Reuters said the Rohingya did this to win sympathy from aid groups, galvanize opposition in the Muslim world and ensure that nearby Rakhine houses burned down too. Some aid workers privately scoffed at such views, but they also admitted that their early failure to engage and understand the Rakhine has made their current work more difficult. Graziella Leite Piccoli, the ICRC s regional spokesperson, said aid workers  should never be targeted , and her colleagues were working to convince local communities that they are there to help everyone. ",1
19272,Bangladesh grants bail to two detained Myanmar journalists,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Two journalists from Myanmar, who had been detained in Bangladesh while reporting on the influx of thousands of Rohingya Muslims, have been released on bail, a police official said on Saturday. The journalists, Minzayar Oo and Hkun Lat, were detained in early September in the Cox s Bazar border region of Bangladesh, where refugees are arriving from Myanmar to escape a military offensive against insurgents.   A court granted them bail, but they can t go back to their country now,  police official Ranajit Kumar Barua, told Reuters by telephone, adding that the court would decide whether the two could leave the country at a separate hearing which may take place sometime in the next week. The two were arrested for violating immigration laws, but no charge sheet against the two has been filed yet, said Barua, denying reports that the two had been charged with espionage activities.  A lawyer for the two journalists also confirmed their release, but did not provide any further detail.   Bangladesh police had said that the pair were detained for engaging in journalistic work for a German magazine, while on tourist visas. Some 429,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered a Myanmar army crackdown in response. Germany s GEO magazine, which had assigned Minzayar Oo to cover the Rohingya crisis, said he had traveled to Bangladesh on Sept. 6, and was detained the next day. Minzayar Oo is one of Myanmar s most prominent photographers and has worked for various media outlets, covering the country s emergence from military rule. He has previously worked as a contractor with Reuters.  Hkun Lat is also a well-known photographer in Myanmar and has won prizes for his coverage of conflict in frontier regions. ",1
19273,New Zealand's ruling National ahead in early counting- electoral commission,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Votes cast for New Zealand s ruling National Party reached 46.3 percent with 31.4 percent of results counted in the country s general election on Saturday, while support for the opposition Labour Party was 36 percent, according to the Electoral Commission. The nationalist New Zealand First Party had 7.1 percent of the vote so far, tipping it as a likely kingmaker in the German-style proportional representation system. Votes for the Green Party reached 6.2 percent. A record 1.2 million ballots were cast before the day of the election, accounting for about a third of the 3.3 million New Zealanders enrolled to vote. In past elections, advanced votes were indicative of final results. ",1
19274,Refugees reaching Zambia accuse DRC troops of killing civilians: U.N.,"LUSAKA (Reuters) - Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) government forces have been killing civilians in an insurgency-hit region, prompting the latest influx of refugees into northern Zambia, a senior U.N. official said, citing accounts of asylum seekers. Zambia fears a looming humanitarian crisis after more than 6,000 refugees fleeing turmoil in the DRC entered its territory in one month. [L5N1M32S5] Pierrine Aylara, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) chief representative in Zambia, told Reuters that the latest asylum seekers had said they were fleeing Congolese government forces.  It is the government of the DRC that is said to be persecuting its own people by killing, maiming and torching houses, as well as committing rape and looting food stored in granaries,  Aylara said. Thousands of people have been killed and more than one million forced to flee their homes in the DRC s eastern Kasai region since the start of an insurrection nearly a year ago by the Kamuina Nsapu militia. Kamuina Nsapu is demanding the withdrawal of military forces from Kasai. But U.N. monitors noted in a report that the conflict has shifted away from an insurrection of a specific community towards a wider upheaval far beyond its initial confines. A rebel group known as Elema was fighting the government mainly with machetes, bows and arrows in Congo s Haut Katanga and Tanganyika provinces, Aylara said.  The group is not targeting civilians and aims to protect them, but is rather targeting government soldiers, the police as well as government establishments,  she said. The insurgency poses the worst threat yet to the rule of DRC President Joseph Kabila. His refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December prompted a wave of killings and lawlessness across the vast central African nation.  In turn, government soldiers have become increasingly brutal to the civilian population as they are unable to tell who does and does not belong to this (rebel) group,  Aylara said. DRC government forces were fighting alongside a tribe known as the Abatembo and targeting the Luba and Tabwa tribes who were believed to be sympathetic to the Elema rebels, she said. Southern African leaders plan to appoint a retired African president to oversee a process aimed at bringing about free and all-inclusive elections in the DRC to help heal the tensions that have caused internal strife and the refugee crisis.     ",1
19275,Moody's downgrades UK's rating on Brexit and growth fears,"LONDON (Reuters) - Ratings agency Moody s downgraded Britain s credit rating on Friday, saying the government s plans to bring down its heavy debt load had been knocked off course and Brexit would weigh on the economy. A few hours after Prime Minister Theresa May set out plans for new ties with the European Union, Moody s cut the rating by a further notch to Aa2, underscoring the economic risks that leaving the bloc poses for the world s fifth-biggest economy. Britain has worked down its budget deficit from about 10 percent of economic output in 2010, shortly after the global financial crisis hammered the country, to 2.3 percent. But Moody s - which stripped Britain of its top-notch AAA rating in 2013 - said the outlook for public finances had weakened significantly as May s government softened the austerity drive of former prime minister David Cameron and his finance minister George Osborne. The government hit back, saying Moody s assessment of the Brexit hit to the economy was  outdated  and that May had set out an  ambitious vision for the UK s future relationship with the EU  in her speech on Friday. But a Moody s official said the speech made no difference to the agency s gloomy long-term view for Britain s economy.  Having looked at Theresa May s speech, I don t think there is anything in there which would in any way make us change our assessment,  Alastair Wilson, managing director of global sovereign risk at Moody s, told BBC radio on Saturday.  Over the next few years, we have a lot less confidence that the UK s government is going to be able to fulfil its plans to bring the debt load back down, and this is an extremely high debt load that the UK has, or to be able to achieve some form of agreement with the EU which retains a substantial share of the rights that membership of the EU grants,  he said. Moody s verdict will be grim reading for May and her finance minister Philip Hammond, who is under pressure to spend more in his budget plan, due in November.     After seven years of austerity, a recent relaxation of a tight public sector pay cap for police and prison workers was likely to be broadened, Moody s said. Furthermore, a deal struck by May with a small political party in Northern Ireland after she lost her parliamentary majority in June s election and the dropping of plans to review costly pension increases would also weigh on the public purse.   Overall, Moody s expects spending to be significantly higher than under the government s current budgetary plans,  Moody s said. On the tax side, it noted how the government abandoned a controversial plan to raise national insurance contributions for self-employed workers and was reliant on  highly uncertain revenue gains from tackling tax avoidance to fund tax cuts . As a result, the budget deficit was likely to remain at around 3-3.5 percent of GDP in the coming years, higher than the government s plans to cut it below 1 percent of GDP by 2021/22. That meant Britain was one of the few big European economies where the public debt ratio was likely to rise, probably peaking at about 93 percent of GDP in 2019, two years later than under the latest government plans. At the same time, budget pressures would rise as Britain s economy slowed due to Brexit, with growth of just 1 percent likely next year, down from 1.8 percent in 2017 and not recovering to its historic trend rate over the coming years. Moody s said it was no longer confident that Britain would secure a replacement free trade agreement with the EU which substantially mitigated the Brexit hit. The sheer workload of Brexit in the coming years meant the government would struggle to fix Britain s weak productivity growth, the Achilles heel of the economy, it said. Britain s government said Moody s move brought it into line with the other major credit ratings agencies, Fitch and Standard & Poor s.  Moody s revised up its outlook on the country to stable from negative, meaning a further downgrade is not imminent. ",1
19276,Damaged New Zealand fuel pipeline to be restarted Sunday: New Zealand Refining,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A damaged pipeline that resulted in a fuel shortage across New Zealand and grounded hundreds of flights will be restarted on Sunday after repairs were completed, officials said.   This is a significant milestone,  New Zealand Refining Co Ltd  said in a statement on its website on Saturday. It said it expected to be delivering jet fuel to Auckland Airport between Monday and Wednesday. Repairs were completed late on Friday.  More than 100 flights were canceled over the past three days and many more delayed, disrupting the plans of thousands of travelers. The government called in the military to help truck in supplies of fuel just days before a general election.  Damage to the 170 km (105 miles) fuel line, which supplies almost all of the fuel for New Zealand s largest city, was believed to have been caused by a digger. Refining NZ Chief Executive Sjoerd Post later told New Zealand media that full capacity would probably not return until early next year.   We are in a start-up process ... so we re going carefully,  Post told Fairfax Media. He said the pipeline would operate at 80 per cent capacity until further tests were carried out over the next few months. The New Zealand government set up a commission to oversee the response to the crisis amid concerns raised by tourism industry officials about the impact on the international reputation of the South Pacific island nation. Tourism has soared to record levels of more than 3.4 million visitors a year to New Zealand. ",1
19277,China says to ban some petroleum exports to North Korea,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China said on Saturday it will ban exports of some petroleum products to North Korea, as well as imports of textiles from the isolated North, to comply with a United Nations Security Council resolution. The Ministry of Commerce said in a statement on its website that China would limit exports of refined petroleum products from Oct. 1, and ban exports of condensates and liquefied natural gas immediately. Imports of textiles from North Korea would also be banned immediately, the statement said. (Corrects headline to make clear some petroleum exports banned) ",1
19278,"U.S. challenged by rising North Korea tensions, Russia urges calm","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia urged  hot heads  to calm down on Friday as the United States admitted it felt  challenged  by North Korea s warning that it could test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific and President Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un traded more insults.  Trump called the North Korean leader a  madman  on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard  who would face the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  in retaliation for Trump saying the U.S. would   totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the U.S. or its allies.     We have to calm down the hot heads,  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters at the United Nations, where world leaders gathered this week for the annual U.N. General Assembly.  We continue to strive for the reasonable and not the emotional approach...of the kindergarten fight between children.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson expressed hope in an interview with ABC that sanctions and  voices from every corner of the world  could lead North Korea back to talks, but admitted intensifying rhetoric had left Washington  quite challenged.   North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, warned on Thursday that Kim  could consider a hydrogen bomb test of an unprecedented scale over the Pacific. Ri, who is due to speak to the United Nations on Saturday, added that he did not know Kim s exact thoughts. In response, Tillerson said U.S. diplomatic efforts would continue but all military options were still on the table. North Korea s six nuclear tests to date have all been underground, and experts say an atmospheric test, which would be the first since one by China in 1980, would be proof of the  success of its weapons program. A senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Washington was taking Kim s threat seriously and added that any atmospheric test would be a  game-changer.  But he said there were questions about North Korea s technical capabilities and Washington did not give  too much credence  to Pyongyang taking such action.  There s a certain amount of bluster that s taken for granted when you re dealing with North Korea,  the official told Reuters. Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched dozens of missiles this year as it accelerates a program aimed at enabling it to target the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. Lavrov on Friday again pushed a proposal by Moscow and Beijing for a dual suspension of North Korean weapons tests and the U.S.-South Korean military drills to kick-start talks. Lavrov suggested that a neutral European country could mediate.  He described the exchange of insults between the U.S. and North Korean leaders was  quite bad, unacceptable.  U.S. Treasury and gold prices rose while the Japanese yen strengthened on Friday as the exchange of barbs fueled geopolitical jitters and drove investors into assets considered safer during times of turmoil. The latest round of rhetoric began on Tuesday when Trump, in his first address to the United Nations, made the threat to destroy North Korea, a country of 26 million people. He also called Kim a  rocket man  on a suicide mission.  His remarks ... have convinced me, rather than frightening or stopping me, that the path I chose is correct and that it is the one I have to follow to the last,  Kim said in the statement carried by the North s official KCNA news agency on Friday, promising to make Trump  pay dearly for his speech.  South Korea said it was the first direct statement of its kind by a North Korean leader. Japan, the only country to suffer an atomic attack, called the North Korean threat to conduct an atmospheric test  totally unacceptable . Trump on Friday tweeted:  Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn t mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before.  The White House said on Friday that Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in had agreed to Seoul s  acquisition and development of highly advanced military assets  and to increased deployment of U.S. strategic assets in and around South Korea on a rotational basis.  It did not name specific weapons systems. On Thursday Trump announced new U.S. sanctions that he said allows the targeting of companies and institutions that finance and facilitate trade with North Korea. Then when asked if diplomacy was still a possible, he said:  Why not?  The additional sanctions on Pyongyang, including on its shipping and trade networks, showed Trump was giving more time for economic pressure to weigh on North Korea. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said banks doing business in North Korea would not be allowed to operate in the United States. KCNA also published rare criticism of official Chinese media, saying comments on North Korea s nuclear program had damaged ties and suggested Beijing, its neighbor and only major ally, had sided with Washington. KCNA said Chinese media was  openly resorting to interference in the internal affairs of another country  and driving a wedge between the two countries. China s Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said:  All relevant sides should exercise restraint and dedicate themselves to easing the situation rather than irritating each other.  The rhetoric has started to rattle some in other countries. French Sports Minister Laura Flessel said France s team would not travel to the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in South Korea if its security could not be guaranteed. The 2018 Games are to be staged in Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, the world s most heavily armed border. (Corrects typographical error to  dual  in paragraph 12.) ",1
19279,Tempers fray as search for survivors winds down after Mexico quake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Tempers frayed in Mexico City on Friday as the search for survivors amidst twisted rubble of collapsed buildings began to wind down three days after the country s most deadly earthquake in a generation.  The 7.1 magnitude quake leveled 52 buildings in the sprawling Mexican capital at lunchtime on Tuesday, leaving thousands homeless and close to 300 people dead. Apartment blocks, offices, a school and a textile factory were among the structures that were destroyed. Across the city, thousands of rescue workers and special teams using sniffer dogs and heat sensors combed wreckage, while the massive outpouring of support from volunteers sparked global praise for Mexico s spirit.  Efforts were not fast enough, though, for some family members waiting outside an office building that collapsed in the fashionable Roma neighborhood. As storm clouds gathered over the city, families worried that rain could slow the pace of rescue efforts.  Protesters held signs addressed to President Enrique Pena Nieto and Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera.   Mancera and EPN: We demand results  read one sign.  They are still alive. Don t kill them  and  We don t want machines  read others, referring to rumors that the military would use bulldozers to hasten removal of rubble deemed unlikely to harbor survivors. Many sites had already been cleared of rubble by Friday afternoon and chances were dimming of finding anyone else alive. U.S. rescue workers went to work Friday in the collapsed office building, looking for six people who were still missing. Mexican soldiers and volunteers, supported by teams from as far afield as Israel and Japan, have so far rescued at least 60 people from the ruins in Mexico City and surrounding towns. For many the search was highly personal.  Firefighter Teresa Ramirez Flores, 40, was helping search an office building in Mexico City s Roma neighborhood where her cousin Carolina Muniz, a 43-year-old accountant, was on the second floor when the building collapsed.   We want to be superheroes so that our country doesn t suffer,  she said at a site where volunteers brought a wheelbarrow filled with candy for the rescue teams. After three days though, rescuers were finding more dead bodies than survivors and frustration was increasingly evident.  Luis Ruiz, a 39-year old carpenter, complained that the police would not let him enter the ruins where his sister and two of her children were buried in the rubble.  I felt powerless to be unable to get my family, unable to do anything,  he said. Across the city of 20 million people, many whose dwellings had become uninhabitable sought a place to call home, raising the specter of a housing shortage. Senior officials said there could be 20,000 badly damaged homes in the states of Morelos and Puebla. Julia Juarez, 56, sat in a park where the homeless set up tents.  All the help we have received is from the civilian population. The government has not sent anything at all,  she said.  No food, no clothes, no water, not even an Alka-Seltzer.   Other Mexican volunteers complained of being displaced by foreign rescue workers who flew in to help. Oscar Ruiz, a firefighter from the state of Guanajuato who had raced to the capital after the quake, said he was close to a survivor under the rubble and could hear a heartbeat with a listening device when his team was pulled to make way for Israeli and Japanese teams.  Do you think I wanted that?  Ruiz said. It was not clear what happened after he left the site. In the hard-hit Roma neighborhood, Jorge Hernandez and a team of volunteers from Mexico City packed up to move on to isolated villages in Morelos. He said they were doing so after military commands declined their assistance. Mexico City  is over saturated with support and there are very remote communities in Morelos that have not received help. That s why we are going there. There, they need so much help,  Hernandez said. Tuesday s massive quake struck on the anniversary of the deadly 1985 tremor that killed some 5,000 people in Mexico City.  As the shock of this week began to subside, exhaustion crept in, along with growing discontent. On Thursday, Mexico s Navy apologized for communicating incorrect information in a story about a girl supposedly trapped under a collapsed school in Mexico City. A frantic effort had been made to reach the child, dubbed Frida Sofia by local media, but it turned out that the widely-publicized story had been false, leading to anger. Francisco Ortiz questioned whether attention directed at trying to rescue the phantom girl had diverted resources from other places where they were desperately needed, like the apartment building where his sister, Maria, was trapped beneath debris.  Authorities had waited until Thursday to begin searching the building. The owner, Juan Salazar, said all the renters had been accounted for before realizing that Ortiz s sister Maria, a maid, had been washing clothes on the roof when the quake struck. Salazar said he called civil protection and also implored  passing brigades of rescue workers to help, but it was two days before rescue efforts began.   It was negligence. Nobody wanted to take responsibility, neither the army nor Civil Protection,  said Ortiz.  On Friday afternoon, after a full day s search, rescuers pulled Maria s body from the rubble. (For a graphic on 'Earthquake strikes Mexico' click here) ",1
19280,Frida the rescue dog emerges as hero of Mexican earthquake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - For a country still in mourning and counting its dead from Tuesday s devastating earthquake, Frida the Navy rescue dog has emerged as a source of inspiration and pride in the search for survivors. Known for her custom-made doggy goggles and boots, the 7-year-old yellow Labrador has become a social media star, appearing on one man s tattoo and the unofficial image of a 500-peso note. Some posts have wildly exaggerated her feats. In her career, Frida has located 12 people alive beneath the rubble plus more than 40 others dead, more than any other Mexican rescue dog, the Navy said. She has put her nose to work in disasters such as an earthquake in Ecuador last year, another one in southern Mexico two weeks ago, a landslide in Guatemala in 2015 and a Mexico City gas explosion in 2013. Her credits for the most recent disaster has not been tallied yet, said Navy Captain Armando Segura, because she is still busy trying to save lives. The 7.1-magnitude quake has killed nearly 300 people, and rescuers were still digging through some of the 52 buildings that collapsed in Mexico City alone. Frida has spent most of her efforts at a school in southern Mexico City where 19 school children and six adults died, but 11 more children were rescued. As one of the of the country s most trusted institutions, the Mexican Navy has a wider role than most armadas, including a canine unit that has two other dogs, a pair of 18-month-old Belgian shepherds, Echo and Evil. Mexico s army also has rescue dogs digging through the debris of damaged buildings, and a dog named Maya from the Jalisco state government was credited with finding two dead bodies on Thursday. The United States and Chile have also brought rescue dogs for the Mexican quake. None can match the fame of Frida.  It s a source of pride to work with Frida. She s a very, very special dog,  said Israel Arauz, her handler for the past two years. Frida only has about a year left as a life-scent dog before her olfactory senses are expected to decline, after which she will retire to live with Arauz. ",1
19281,"China's ruling party expels anti-graft, ex-insurance officials citing graft","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party has expelled the nation s former top insurance regulator and the head of the finance ministry s anti-graft committee after an anti-corruption watchdog said investigations found serious violations of party discipline. In a statement on its website on Saturday, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said an investigation had determined that Xiang Junbo, former chairman of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC), had  committed serious violations of political discipline and rules  in order to serve personal political interests. The statement also said Xiang was suspected of bribery and accused him of  engaging in superstitious activities , an allegation often levelled at discredited officials to further  tarnish their names. President Xi Jinping has presided over a far-reaching anti-corruption drive since coming to power in late 2012, punishing more than a million party members, jailing top military figures and retired security tsar Zhou Yongkang, the most senior official toppled for corruption since 1949. China s top leaders have also pledged this year to address financial risks and asset bubbles, ahead of a once-every-five-years congress of the Communist Party which will start on Oct. 18.  Xiang will be handed over to legal authorities, the statement added, meaning he will be prosecuted. Xiang, who also served as a member of the central bank s monetary policy committee, was removed from his position in April for suspected  serious disciplinary violations , a phrase that usually refers to graft. He is the most senior financial regulator to be targeted by the Chinese government s ongoing fight against graft. As head of the insurance regulator, Xiang oversaw rapid growth of the insurance industry, along with liberalisation of investment rules that provided insurers greater latitude to invest more of their assets at home and overseas. Xiang was previously a deputy central bank governor and vice chief at the National Audit Office. Reuters was not able to reach Xiang or a family or legal representative for comment and it was unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer. Mo Jiancheng, appointed the top graft buster at China s Ministry of Finance in December 2015, was also expelled from the party after an investigation found he had  seriously violated the spirit of political discipline , was suspected of bribery and had accepted numerous invitations to banquets, the CCDI statement said.  Mo was also a member of the ministry s Party committee and previously served as deputy party secretary and vice governor of Jiangxi province. Reuters was unable to reach Mo or a family or legal representative for comment and it was unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer. ",1
19282,Hurricane Maria skirts Turks and Caicos as Puerto Rico endures fresh flooding,"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hurricane Maria, the second major storm to ravage the Caribbean in a month, skirted past the Turks and Caicos Islands on Friday, leaving devastation in its wake that included fresh flooding on Puerto Rico two days after pummeling the U.S. island territory.   Maria, which ranked as the most powerful hurricane to strike Puerto Rico in nearly a century, has killed at least six people there and claimed 19 lives on several other Caribbean islands, according to government officials and local news media accounts. But even as Puerto Ricans struggled without electricity to clean up and dig out from tangles of rubble, uprooted trees and fallen power lines, another potential disaster was unfolding in northwestern corner of the island, where a dam was on the verge of collapse. The U.S. National Weather Service warned in a series of bulletins that the dam on the rain-engorged Guajataca River, was failing, causing flash flooding in the area and prompting an evacuation of communities below the reservoir by way of buses. Roughly 70,000 people live in the area downstream from the earthen dam that was under evacuation, the island s governor, Ricardo Rossello, said in a late-afternoon news conference. Christina Villalba, an official for the island s emergency management agency, said there was little doubt the dam would give way.  It could be tonight, it could be tomorrow, it could be in the next few days, but it s very likely it will be soon,  she said, adding that authorities were aiming to complete  evacuations Friday night. Maria struck Puerto Rico as a Category 4 storm on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale and cut a path of destruction through the center of the island on Wednesday, ripping roofs from buildings and triggering widespread flooding. Torrential downpours from the storm sent several rivers to record levels. Officials in Puerto Rico, an island of 3.4 million inhabitants, confirmed six storm-related fatalities: three from landslides in Utuado, in the island s mountainous center; two from drowning in Toa Baja, west of San Juan, and a person near San Juan who was struck by a piece of wind-blown lumber. Earlier news media reports had put the island s death toll as high as 15.  We know of other potential fatalities through unofficial channels that we haven t been able to confirm,  said Hector Pesquera, the government s secretary of public safety. In and around San Juan, the capital, people worked to clear debris from the streets on Friday, some working with machetes, while others began to reopen businesses, though they wondered how long they could operate without power and limited inventory.  There s no water, no power, nothing,  said Rogelio Jimenez, a 34-year-old pizzeria worker. Motorists lined up for hours outside the few gasoline stations that were open.  I ve been here for three and a bit hours,  said Angel Serra, sitting in a blocks-long line hoping to fill up his tank. Long lines also formed at the handful of automated teller machines that appeared to be working in the region. Puerto Rico was already facing the largest municipal debt crisis in U.S. history. A team of judges overseeing its bankruptcy has advised involved parties to put legal proceedings on hold indefinitely as the island recovers, said a source familiar with the proceedings. The storm was expected to tally $45 billion in damage and lost economic activity across the Caribbean, with at least $30 billion of that in Puerto Rico, said Chuck Watson, a disaster modeler at Enki Research in Savannah, Georgia.  Elsewhere in the Caribbean, 14 deaths were reported on Dominica, an island nation of 71,000 inhabitants. Two people were killed in the French territory of Guadeloupe and one in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Two people died when the storm roared past the Dominican Republic on Thursday, according to local media outlet El Jaya. Maria churned past Turks and Caicos and was 295 miles (480 km) east of the Bahamas by 8 p.m. EDT (midnight GMT) on Friday, the NHC said. It was packing sustained winds of up to 125 miles per hour (205 km per hour), making it a Category 3 hurricane, but was expected to gradually weaken over the next two days as it turned more sharply to the north. Officials on Turks and Caicos, a British overseas territory, had ordered residents to remain indoors and businesses to close on Friday as the hurricane neared, bringing a storm surge of as much as 12 feet (3.7 meters) above normal tide levels. But hurricane warnings were later canceled as Maria passed. Storm swells driven by Maria were expected to reach the southeastern coast of the U.S mainland on Friday, the NHC said, adding that it was too soon to determine what, if any, other direct effects it would have.     In the Dominican Republic, Maria damaged nearly 3,000 homes and sent more than 9,300 to shelters, local emergency response agencies reported.  Maria passed close by the U.S. Virgin Island of St. Croix, home to about 55,000 people, early Wednesday, knocking out electricity and most mobile phone service. Maria hit about two weeks after Hurricane Irma pounded two other U.S. Virgin Islands: St. Thomas and St. John. The islands  governor, Kenneth Mapp, said it was possible that St. Thomas and St. Croix might reopen to some cruise liner traffic in a month.     Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record, killed more than 80 people in the Caribbean and the United States. It followed Harvey, which also killed more than 80 people when it struck Texas in late August and caused flooding in Houston. More than two months remain in the Atlantic hurricane season, which runs from June 1 to Nov. 30, although the busiest period is generally from mid-August to mid-October. ",1
19283,China tells Japan not to abandon dialogue over North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Japan talking only about sanctions on North Korea rather than dialogue will be seen as going against United Nations resolutions, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Japanese counterpart. Tensions have continued to rise since North Korea carried out its sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, prompting a new round of U.N. sanctions. Wang told Japan Foreign Minister Taro Kono on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting in New York that the situation on the Korean peninsula was getting increasingly serious and all sides needed to remain calm. Resuming peace talks was just as much a part of the U.N. resolutions as enforcing sanctions, Wang said, according to a statement issued by China s Foreign Ministry late on Friday.  If the Japanese side only talks about sanctions and does not bring up talks, or even goes against talks, it will be seen as contravening Security Council resolutions,  the ministry cited Wang as saying. China hoped that Japan talked and acted cautiously and played a constructive role on the nuclear issue, he said. Beijing has repeatedly expressed concern about the rise of tensions over North Korea and, while it too has signed up for the increasingly tough U.N. sanctions, it has also urged a return to talks and for all parties to exercise restraint. On Friday, Russia urged  hot heads  to calm down as the United States admitted it felt  challenged  by North Korea s warning that it could test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. Trump called North Korean leader Kim Jong Un a  madman  on Friday, a day after Kim dubbed him a  mentally deranged U.S. dotard  who would face the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  in retaliation for Trump saying the U.S. would  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatened the United States or its allies. ",1
19284,"Defying Trump, Iran says will boost missile capabilities","LONDON (Reuters) - Iran will strengthen its missile capabilities and not seek any country s permission, President Hassan Rouhani said on Friday rejecting demands from U.S. President Donald Trump.  Rouhani spoke at a military parade where an Iranian news agency said one of the weapons on display was a new ballistic missile with range of 2,000 km (1,200 miles), capable of carrying several warheads. The Tasnim news agency, which quoted the head of the Revolutionary Guards  aerospace division, Amirali Hajizadeh, gave few other details of the missile. Iranian state television showed footage of the firing of  Khoramshahr missile  but did not specify if the test-fire happened on Friday or in the past. At the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday, Trump said Iran was building its missile capability and accused it exporting violence to Yemen, Syria and other parts of the Middle East. He also criticized the 2015 pact that the United States and six other powers struck with Iran under which Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. In a speech broadcast on state television, Rouhani said:  We will increase our military power as a deterrent. We will strengthen our missile capabilities ... We will not seek permission from anyone to defend our country.  All countries in the world supported the nuclear deal in the United Nations General Assembly this year ... except the United States and the Zionist regime (Israel),  Rouhani said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said that the agreement must be changed or the United States could not stick with it. Iran has said its nuclear accord cannot be renegotiated. The prospect of Washington reneging on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said tensions on the Korean peninsula underlined the importance of the Iranian deal, and that China would continue to support it. Trump put Iran  on notice  in February for test-firing a ballistic missile and imposed new economic sanctions in July over its missile program and  malign activities  in the Middle East. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Thursday that the U.S. imposition of unilateral sanctions on Iran was  illegitimate and undermines the collective nature of international efforts.  ",1
19285,Brazil army deploys in Rio slum as drug-related violence worsens,"RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Hundreds of Brazilian soldiers poured into Rio de Janeiro s Rocinha slum on Friday in a bid to help the cash-strapped state government quell the drug-related violence that authorities blamed for at least four deaths and several injuries there this week. The army deployed 950 troops in the sprawling favela, responding to a request from the Rio state government, Defense Minister Raul Jungmann told local television. In the past week, 60 criminals are believed to have launched an effort to dominate the drug trade in the area, not far from some of the city s most expensive real estate, and shootings were reported there on Friday morning, according to local media. The violence in Rocinha is one more sign of the backsliding since the launch of a  pacification  program in 2008 to reduce violence by pushing out drug gangs and setting up permanent outposts in the city s more than 1,000 favelas. Police struggled to maintain security gains in favelas in the run-up to the 2016 Olympics in Rio and have continued to lose ground as a fiscal crisis in the city and state lead to cutbacks in spending on police and other essential services. The military operation in Rocinha on Friday disrupted transportation and businesses in the area, with some schools closing or paring back operations.  I was going to work and suddenly the police closed off the tunnel in Rocinha and started to patrol with guns. There was a panic at the mouth of the tunnel and I saw people running and heard gunfire,  one witness told Reuters, requesting anonymity.  I m still shaking now.   The outbreak of violence is happening in the midst of the Rock in Rio music festival at the far south end of the city, which has drawn thousands of people with musical acts including Fergie and Aerosmith. Broadcaster GloboNews on Friday showed relatively calm scenes of matte green military trucks filing down roads into the favela, including soldiers riding on trucks and motorcycles holding assault rifles. There are up to 10,000 troops in Rio de Janeiro who could be mobilized if needed, the defense ministry said.   We re not going to back off in Rocinha,  the governor of Rio state Luiz Fernando Pezao told journalists. ",1
19286,"Despite tensions, U.S. sees value in New START treaty with Russia","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States sees value in the New START arms control treaty with Russia, despite Washington s concerns about Moscow s track record on arms control and other issues, senior U.S. officials said on Friday. The remarks by the Trump administration officials, speaking to reporters on condition of anonymity, suggest the treaty will remain in force and the door remains open to pursuing an extension of the accord, which is set to expire in 2021. The New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty gives both countries until February 2018 to reduce their deployed strategic nuclear warheads to no more than 1,550, the lowest level in decades. It also limits deployed land- and submarine-based missiles and nuclear-capable bombers. Reuters has reported that President Donald Trump, in his first call with Russian President Vladimir Putin, criticized the New START treaty, saying it favored Moscow. But one of the Trump administration officials said on Friday the United States was not looking to discard New START. Senior U.S. officials, including U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, have questioned Russia s reliability on arms control, citing longstanding U.S. allegations that Russia has violated the Cold War-era Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty. Russia denies treaty violations and accuses the United States of them. The accusations come amid a nosedive in U.S.-Russian relations. U.S. intelligence agencies accuse Russia of meddling in the U.S. presidential election, which Moscow denies, and recent tit-for-tat exchanges between Washington and Moscow include moves to slash each others  diplomatic presence. The tensions have reached Syria, where the United States and Russia are backing different forces that are scrambling to claim what is left of Islamic State-held territory. Russia warned the United States on Thursday it would target U.S.-backed militias in Syria if Russian troops again came under fire. Still, a second senior Trump administration official said Friday the United States was seeking ways to improve communication with Moscow and build some degree of trust, which the official described as non-existent. Trump took office saying he wanted to improve ties strained since Moscow s 2014 annexation of Crimea and the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine, which led Washington to impose sanctions on Russia. Ukraine s Petro Poroshenko met Trump on Thursday and said afterward that they had a shared vision of a  new level  of defense cooperation. But the second senior Trump administration official said there had been no decision on whether to provide defensive arms to Ukraine, something Kiev has long wanted.  ",1
19287,Germany's surging far-right promises to disrupt cozy parliament,"MUNICH/POTSDAM, Germany (Reuters) - More than 8,000 people   including hecklers blowing whistles    showed up in Munich for one of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s final speeches before Sunday s national election that is expected to sweep her into a fourth term. Merkel, whose conservatives have a solid double-digit lead over the Social Democrats, largely ignored jeers from hundreds of left- and right-wing demonstrators to deliver a stump speech focused on stability, security and a promise to avoid tax increases.  Get lost,   Merkel must go,  shouted some demonstrators as curious foreign tourists, in Munich for its famous Oktoberfest,  snapped photographs of the German leader first elected in 2005. Merkel, who has faced down similar heckling at many other  rallies, especially in the former Communist east, admonished the peaceful but boisterous crowd:  Whistling and yelling certainly won t ensure the future of our country.  Merkel defended her 2015 decision to allow in about one million migrants as a humanitarian necessity but said she would prevent a repeat of the migrant crisis by doing more to fund programs in at-risk countries to keep people from fleeing.  What happened in 2015 cannot and will not be repeated,  Merkel said, saying she would protect Europe s borders. At Berlin s Gendarmenmarkt, Merkel s main rival, SPD leader Martin Schulz urged supporters to make their voices heard, saying that high voter turnout could help offset growing support for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). Schulz, flanked by hundreds of red balloons, decried the AfD as  gravediggers of democracy,  and said his party, which also opposed the rise of Nazis in the 1930s, would do all it could to fight the anti-immigrant group.  You are our enemies and we will defend democracy in Germany,  he said.  The more people vote, the smaller will be the share of the far-right.   Schulz told Bild newspaper he had not given up hope of victory and 37 percent of voters were still undecided. Support for the AfD, which was founded in 2013 during the euro zone crisis but has won support since 2015 with its anti-immigrant rhetoric, is running around 11 percent. That means it will become the first far-right party in more than half a century to clear the 5 percent hurdle and enter parliament. The AfD, which has already won seats in 13 of 16 state legislatures, promised to reenergize debate there after four years of  grand coalition  rule by the two major parties.  It must get into the Bundestag lower house so that debates happen again,  the AfD s top candidate Alexander Gauland told Reuters in Brandenburg s regional parliament.  This parliament...has become totally boring.  Gauland said the AfD would bring in  completely different political suggestions  after four years of agreement between the parties of Merkel and Schulz on issues ranging from sanctions against Russia, the NSA spying scandal or on the refugee issue. Schulz described Gauland as  shameless . Gauland provoked outrage by saying at a recent rally that Germans should no longer be reproached with the Nazi past and should take pride in their World War Two soldiers.  The language that he speaks is the language of the Harzburger Front,  Schulz said, referring to a radical right-wing alliance in Weimar Germany.  The gravediggers of the Weimar democracy, they spoke like Mr Gauland.  The mainstream parties have ruled out working with the AfD, which may emerge as the third largest party; but Gauland said it would ultimately work toward being able to govern in the medium or long-term. Electoral arithmetic might yet push Merkel into another grand coalition with the SPD, or she may enter a three-way  alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmental Greens. The Forsa poll showed support for Merkel s conservatives holding steady on 36 percent, while the SPD ceded 1 percentage point to 22 percent.  An Emnid poll put Merkel s CDU and its Bavarian sister party at 35 percent, while the SPD was at 22 percent. ",1
19288,UAE says Iran violates 'letter and spirit' of nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Friday it considers that Iran violates both the  letter and spirit  of the 2015 nuclear deal agreed between the Islamic Republic and world powers.  Two years have passed since Iran s nuclear agreement with no sign of change in its hostile behavior; it continues to develop its nuclear program and violates the letter and spirit of that agreement,  UAE foreign minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed al-Nahayan told the U.N. General Assembly.  Therefore we support enhanced controls on Iran s nuclear program and continued assessment of the agreement and its provisions,  he said. ",1
19289,"Hopes dimming under rubble, Mexico woman's texts help save her","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Trapped under tons of rubble and in complete darkness, Diana Pacheco s hopes were fading fast for making it out alive from a collapsed office building after a huge earthquake in Mexico City, despite rescuers  frantic attempts to reach her. Then the trapped woman had a great stroke of luck: a series of short messages she had written and sent to her husband some 16 hours earlier lit up his phone screen.  My love   The ceiling fell   We re trapped   I love you   I love you a lot   We re on the fourth floor   Near the emergency stairway   There s four of us,  read the WhatsApp messages, which finally reached her husband Juan Jesus Garcia on Wednesday at 5:34 a.m.  Garcia, 33, an Uber driver, had been waiting, often in tears, beside the collapsed building all night and immediately ran over to rescue workers.  It was like a miracle because I was the only one who got the message and since I was there with the rescue workers I talked to them and they could locate her,  said Garcia. The messages on Garcia s phone, seen by Reuters shortly after they were received on Wednesday, could have been delayed due to erratic cell phone coverage in parts of Mexico City after the quake, or the fact that Pacheco s phone signal was blocked by the tons of concrete that kept her trapped in the collapsed building. When asked whether WhatsApp messages can be delivered hours after they were sent in an area without good cellphone coverage, a spokeswoman for the company confirmed it is possible.         Pacheco, a recruiter for a human resources and accounting firm, said she sent the messages shortly after the 7.1 magnitude earthquake struck at 1:14 p.m. on Tuesday.  Those messages helped them know more or less where we were located,  Pacheco said on Friday from her hospital bed, her voice weak. Using the information to pinpoint their location, rescuers freed Pacheco, 30, and the three other survivors shortly after 6 a.m. on Wednesday.  Rescue operations were still underway on Friday at the building, where Pacheco says there were some 60 people on her floor alone at the time of the quake.  I think there are people (alive) there because we had oxygen, air was coming in,  she said. Despite having bruises all over her body and wearing a neck brace, Pacheco was generally in good health. She said she tried to send WhatsApp and text messages to other people from under the building, as well as make phone calls and post on Facebook, but only the messages to her husband got through.     She said when the building fell, the force of two floors above collapsing violently knocked her down, but a wall of concrete stopped just short of crushing her and three of her coworkers. They found themselves huddled together in a cramped space. They screamed out every time they heard voices from outside the building.  We heard them (rescue workers) when they asked us to yell or make noise, but regardless of how much we yelled they couldn t hear us,  Pacheco said.     The quake, Mexico s deadliest in a generation, has already claimed close to 300 lives. [nL5N1M330H] (This version of the story has been refiled to change the date in dateline.) ",1
19290,Colombian police seize 7 tons of cocaine at banana farm,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombian police have seized seven tonnes of cocaine at a banana farm in northern Antioquia province, the defense minister and police said on Friday. The shipment, worth about $200 million, belonged to the Golfo Clan crime gang. Five people were arrested in the operation.  The shipment was being guarded for a later transport to Central America, with the United States as a final destination, camouflaged in legal shipments of banana and fruits,  the defense ministry said in a statement.  The Golfo Clan said this month it would be willing to surrender to the government. The group, also known the Usuga Clan, is accused of operating profitable drug trafficking routes in partnership with Mexican cartels and taking part in illegal gold mining. President Juan Manuel Santos has said the government is looking into the request but will not negotiate with the group. ",1
19291,"Thirty-two years after quake, angry Mexicans still wait for homes","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - When Tuesday s earthquake struck Mexico, Martha Mejia watched the tin walls of her tiny shack quiver and remembered the smell of death that hung in the air of shattered apartment blocks 32 years before.  I wanted to scream because I had lived this all before. I wanted to run out and scream,  said the 64-year-old Mejia, whose home was destroyed in a 1985 quake that devastated Mexico City.  Back then, I was strong. But this time I felt it more.  The 1985 earthquake, which killed around 5,000 people, was a defining moment for the Mexican capital.  Three decades on, hundreds of its victims are still living in hovel encampments across the sprawling city of 20 million, waiting for long-promised government-subsidized homes - and now the latest quake has made thousands more people homeless.   Mejia s apartment building in the Santa Maria la Ribera neighborhood was shaken to the ground in 1985. Today, she lives in one of the encampments with her husband, her daughter and a granddaughter. Their 10-foot by 20-foot hovel in the Lindavista district in the north of the capital has a double bed, a bunk bed and a stove.  Supposedly this place was going to be temporary, but that temporary has been my whole life,  she said.  A heavy rain pounded on the tin roof of the shack as Mejia watched TV coverage of this week s earthquake and wept.  Tuesday s tremor - which struck on the anniversary of the 1985 quake - killed close to 300 people.  The time has come for me to give up all illusions,  Mejia said.  Now with this other earthquake, how many people will be left homeless? They are going to make new shelters and we are going to stay in the same one.  According to the leaders of the Lindavista camp, its ramshackle shacks are home to around 750 people, divided into roughly 250 families. There are almost 200 children who are the grandchildren of those originally resettled here, according to local leaders. At least six such camps exist in the capital. Mexico City s housing institute said that since 2016, they have delivered 173 homes to victims of the 1985 quake and expected to hand over 120 more before the end of next year.  Data on how many homes have been delivered in total since 1985 was not immediately available.  With the race for July s presidential race heating up, President Enrique Pena Nieto, the mayor of Mexico City and governors from the affected states rushed to the scene of the recent devastation, making promises to help those affected.  Political parties have vied to outdo each other with offers to donate campaign funds to disaster victims. But there is deep skepticism among Mexicans that they will see enough aid.  Jeanete Morales, 41, cleans offices in the city and comes home every night to the Lindavista shanty town she first moved into with her mom when she was nine years old. Their three-story apartment building was severely damaged in 1985 and they were soon forced to leave and brought to the camp. They were told they would only be there for two weeks. Now married with four children, Morales still lives at the camp. Her mother died eight years ago.  She died believing she would get her house,  Morales said.  It makes you so mad. You feel so impotent.  Morales said officials at the city s housing institute said they already gave her mother an apartment.  Alfredo Villegas, one of the leaders of the camp, said Morales  mother had not been given a home despite her name appearing on what he said was a government list of those who had been given homes. The list he produced could not be immediately authenticated by Reuters.   The questions is: where are those apartments?  Villegas said. He said it seemed that city officials were fraudulently selling homes to others.   The cost of the government-subsidized homes depends on a victim s income but is often in the range of 250,000-300-000 pesos ($14,000-$17,000), Villegas said. The housing institute did not immediately respond to request for comment. Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera has said the problem lies with how the institute delivers housing to the loose organizations that represent the people with a claim to the subsidized housing.   At least 2,500 people are sleeping in the streets or in their cars in Mexico City after Tuesday s 7.1 magnitude tremor collapsed dozens of buildings and damaged hundreds more. Thousands of others have lost their homes in the states of Morelos, Puebla and the state of Mexico. Many more in Oaxaca and Chiapas lost their homes in the quake that hit southern Mexico on Sept. 7.   Hundreds of millions of dollars will be required for reconstruction in Mexico City, according to the mayor.  The home of taxi driver Emanuel Jardon, 60, was severely damaged by the collapse of a neighboring building on Tuesday. Wearing a helmet, he cursed politicians as he cleared debris from his home.   It is a vile lie. Right now as the campaigns begin...they come to see us, to supervise, but the months will pass and they will forget,  he said.  I m sorry to be rude, but they suck.  ",1
19292,Highlights: British PM May's main comments on Brexit,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is setting out her plan for future ties with the European Union in a speech which she hopes will help spur negotiations over the country s divorce from the bloc. Below are the highlights from her speech and a follow-up question-and-answer session with reporters:  During the implementation period, people will continue to be able to come and live and work in the UK but there will be a registration system, an essential preparation for the new regime. As of today, these considerations point to an implementation period of around two years.       Clearly people, businesses and public services should only have to plan for one set of changes in the relationship between the UK and the EU. So during the implementation period, access to one another s markets should continue on current terms and Britain also should continue to take part in existing security measures. And I know businesses, in particular, would welcome the certainty this would provide.  MAY, ASKED WHETHER SHE STILL THINKS NO DEAL ON BREXIT WOULD BE BETTER THAN A BAD DEAL:  We continue to think that.   Of course we will leave at the end of March 2019 and negotiations will be continuing potentially up quite close to that time.       I do not want our partners to fear that they will need to pay more or receive less over the remainder of the current budget plan as a result of our decision to leave. The UK will honour commitments we have made during the period of our membership.  And, as we move forwards, we will also want to continue working together in ways that promote the long-term economic development of our continent. This includes continuing to take part in those specific policies and programmes which are greatly to the UK and the EU s joint advantage, such as those that promote science, education and culture - and those that promote our mutual security.   Over time ... the rights of EU citizens in the UK, and UK citizens overseas will diverge. And I want to incorporate our agreement fully into UK law, and make sure the UK courts can refer directly to it. And when there is uncertainty around underlying EU law, I want the UK courts to be able to take into account the judgements of the European Court of Justice with a view to ensuring consistent interpretation. And on this basis I hope our teams can reach firm agreement quickly.   Throughout its membership, the United Kingdom has never totally felt at home being in the European Union.  The profound pooling of sovereignty that is a crucial feature of the European Union permits unprecedentedly deep cooperation which brings benefits but it also means that when countries are in the minority they must sometimes accept decisions they do not want, even affecting domestic matters with no market implications beyond their borders.   The British people have decided to leave the EU and be a global free-trading nation able to chart our own way in the world. For many, this is an exciting time full of promise. For others it is a worrying one. I look ahead with optimism.   Our commitment to the defence and indeed the advance of our shared values is undimmed. Our determination to defend the stability, security and prosperity of our European neighbours and friends remains steadfast.  ",1
19293,"Turkey urges Iraqi Kurds to drop referendum, cites sanctions","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey appealed to northern Iraq s Kurdish region on Friday to drop plans for an independence referendum, saying it would threaten security and force Ankara to slap sanctions on a neighbor and trading partner. Turkish government spokesman Bekir Bozdag told a news conference that  all options were on the table  regarding its response to the referendum, although he stopped short of giving details on what sanctions could entail.  It is not possible for us to accept the postponing of the referendum either. We demand a total cancellation, so that we won t have to impose sanctions,  Bozdag told reporters. Bozdag s comments followed back-to-back meetings of Turkey s cabinet and National Security Council, both of which were chaired by President Tayyip Erdogan. The president has also said parliament will convene on Saturday to discuss the response to the referendum. Earlier, the council called on the president of the northern Iraqi Kurdish region, Massoud Barzani, to stop the referendum. The council said Turkey retained the rights defined in bilateral and international agreements if the vote were held. It did not elaborate on the nature of those rights.  Turkey, home to the largest Kurdish population in the region and fighting a Kurdish insurgency, has warned that any breakup of neighboring Iraq or Syria could lead to a global conflict. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the referendum was a matter of national security for the country and Ankara would never accept a change of status in Iraq or Syria.  An action that will change the status in Syria and Iraq is an unacceptable result for Turkey, and we will do what is necessary,  Yildirim said. Erdogan has threatened to impose sanctions against Kurdish northern Iraq.  On Monday, the Turkish army launched a highly visible military drill near the Habur border crossing, which military sources said was due to last until Sept. 26, a day after the planned referendum. Turkey has for years been northern Iraq s main link to the outside world. It has built strong trade ties with the semi-autonomous region, which exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day through Turkey to international markets. ",1
19294,Kurds press historic independence vote despite regional fears,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurds are expected to vote for independence in a referendum on Monday that neighboring countries and Western powers fear could break up the country and stir broader regional ethnic and sectarian conflict. Kurdish flags - a red, white and green tricolor emblazoned with a golden sun - adorn cars and buildings across the semi-autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq, and billboards announce:  The time is now - say  yes  to a free Kurdistan!  Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdish region since 2005, has resisted calls by the United Nations, the United States and Britain to delay the referendum. Neighboring Turkey is holding army exercises on the Iraqi border to underline its concerns that the referendum could fuel separatism among its own Kurds. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on live television on Friday the vote posed a threat to Turkey s national security and that Ankara would  do what is necessary  to protect itself. He did not elaborate. But Hoshyar Zebari, a senior advisor to Barzani, struck a defiant tone, telling Reuters:  This is the last five meters of the final sprint and we will be standing our ground.   Many Kurds see the vote, though non-binding, as a historic opportunity to achieve self-determination a century after Britain and France divided the Middle East under the Sykes-Picot agreement. That arrangement left 30 million Kurds scattered over Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq. Zebari said delaying the vote for negotiations with Baghdad without also securing guarantees that it could then be held on a binding basis would amount to  political suicide for the Kurdish leadership and the Kurdish dream of independence. The referendum raises most risk of ethnic conflict in the oil city of Kirkuk, which lies outside the recognized boundaries of the Kurdish region and is claimed by Baghdad. Its population includes Arabs and Turkmen but it is dominated by Kurds. Turkey has long claimed a special responsibility in protecting ethnic Turkmen. Some of Iraq s Turkmen are Shi ite and affiliated to political parties close to Iran.  We expect those who are against the referendum to cause trouble but we are determined not to engage in any kind of violence, we don t want to give them any excuse to intervene or to question the validity of the vote,  Zebari said. Tensions between the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) and Baghdad hinge on oil revenue the Kurds see as the mainstay of a future Kurdish state. The Kurds have long accused Baghdad of withholding budget payments to the region, while Baghdad has opposed oil deals made by the Kurds without its consent.  A regional conflict could threaten oil supply from Kurdish and northern Iraqi fields to world markets, carried through a pipeline to Turkey. Already at least one Kurd has been killed in pre-referendum clashes in Kirkuk, and security checkpoints have been erected across the city to prevent further violence.   The Baghdad government, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers fear the vote could break up a country that has seen devastating sectarian and ethnic conflict since a 2003 U.S.-led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein.  For independence we must pay any price needed because we prefer freedom over subordination or oppression,  Barzani told a  rally on Friday in Erbil, adding that Kurdish Peshmerga fighters had earned the right to self-determination by battling Islamic State.  They praise Peshmerga sacrifices but don t let Peshmerga and our martyrs  families decide their destiny,  he said as tens of thousands cheered and waved Kurdish flags.  We reaffirm to the UN Security Council that our fight against terror will continue,  he said, dismissing concerns that  the vote would undermine the drive - which requires cooperation with Arabs - to crush Islamic State militants. The militants have now been driven from their northern Iraqi stronghold of Mosul but are still dug in near Kirkuk and are also operating across the border in Syria. Any conflict around Kurdish northern Iraq could have ramifications across the Middle East, not least in Syria, Turkey and Iran. Ankara, Baghdad and Tehran agreed on Thursday to consider counter-measures against the Kurdish plans.  Turkey, which has developed close commercial and political ties with the region, especially in the area of energy, has also threatened to impose sanctions. Condemning the vote as  provocative and destabilizing , the United States has urged renewed negotiations. This followed a week of escalating rhetoric between Kurdish leaders and Baghdad, where the parliament voted to reject the referendum. Though the general mood seems in favor of independence, many, especially non-Kurds, told Reuters they questioned the wisdom of holding a referendum now.  We have always lived peacefully and don t want problems,  said Karima Attiyah, an elderly Arab woman who has spent her whole life in Kirkuk.  I don t support the referendum.  Barzani has been a powerful force for more than two decades where the north has been spared the turmoil that has affected much of the rest of Iraq. Older generations of Iraq s Kurds suffered during Saddam Hussein s 1980s Anfal campaign, and want to see their struggle for national independence come to fruition.  (Our fathers and mothers) think it s a betrayal not to vote  yes ,  said Muhammed, a researcher from Sulaimaniyah who is in his 30s.  Their sons and relatives were killed by the Baghdad government in the past and they think the referendum is one way to [take] revenge.  More than 5.2 million people are registered to vote. The first electronic ballot for Kurds living abroad was cast overseas in China, according to the Kurdistan High Elections and Referendum Commission, which is administering the vote. ",1
19295,"U.S. seeks urgent action on Myanmar, U.N. eyes $200 million for refugees","YANGON/DHAKA (Reuters) - The United States wants Myanmar to take urgent action to end violence in Rakhine state, where a military offensive has created a crisis that could jeopardize its economic and political transition, a U.S. official said on Friday. Bangladesh and aid organizations are struggling to help 422,000 Rohingya Muslims who have arrived since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants triggered a Myanmar crackdown that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. (For graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2xTId74) A senior U.N. official said an estimated $200 million would be needed to help the refugees in Bangladesh for six months. Aid workers fear a humanitarian crisis is also unfolding in Rakhine state, though Myanmar has restricted access.  We think, urgently, actions need to be taken to stop this violence and facilitate humanitarian assistance, lower the rhetoric, lower the tension and ... start doing the hard work to solve the longer-standing problems,  U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy told reporters. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced a barrage of international criticism over the plight of the Rohingya, for not speaking out more forcefully against the violence or doing more to rein in security forces over which she has little power. Sweden, the United States, Britain, France, Egypt, Senegal, and Kazakhstan asked on Friday for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to publicly brief the 15-member Security Council next week on the violence. Tension between majority Buddhists and Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has simmered for decades in Rakhine, but it has exploded several times over the past few years, as old enmities, and Buddhist nationalism, surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule. Murphy, who spent three days in Myanmar this week, said there were  many points of responsibility  and he wanted to see everyone follow through on commitments Suu Kyi made to uphold rights and the law in an address to the nation on Tuesday.  There s the elected government, there are the security forces which have authorities that don t fall under the purview of the civilian elected government, there are local leaders and there is the broader population, among which there are many emotions and many tensions,  he said.  Significant responsibility sits with security authorities and local officials in Rakhine state and we are looking for their cooperation to make these commitments a reality,  Murphy told reporters on a conference call from Bangkok. Myanmar dismisses accusations of ethnic cleansing, saying it has to tackle the insurgents, whom it accuses of setting fires and attacking civilians as well as the security forces. While the United States has urged action to halt the violence, China, which has close economic and political ties with Myanmar, has welcomed measures by the government to alleviate the situation in Rakhine state. Murphy said the military s response to the August insurgent attacks had been disproportionate and the country risked a terrorist backlash. The attacks were claimed by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which Murphy referred to as a  so-called group  of which little was known. It denies links to foreign militants but the government says it is connected to global terrorism.  Whether or not this organization has ties elsewhere is not particularly germane, given the fact that it could be creating an incentive for foreign terrorists to look at a new opportunity and this is among the risks that we have shared with Burmese stakeholders,  he said. Bangladesh was already home to some 400,000 Rohingya who fled earlier bouts of violence and persecution. Given the  massive numbers  arriving in the past few weeks, the United Nations was expected to launch an appeal for $200 million to help them for the next six months, an official said.  It has not been confirmed, but it is a ballpark figure, based on the information we have,  Robert D. Watkins, U.N. resident coordinator in Bangladesh, told Reuters in an interview in Dhaka. Watkins said the situation had not stabilized in terms of new arrivals so it was difficult to say how many people to plan for, or how long.  We don t want to plan a 10-year operation, obviously, because we want to maintain hope that there will be a way for negotiating a return of the population,  he said.  We can t plan too far in the future, because it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy ... politically, it sends a strong signal, which we don t want to send, which is that people are going to be here for a long time.  And our donors are not prepared to respond to anything beyond a one-year time frame, given the massive amounts of money we are asking for.  Aid groups in Bangladesh have warned of a public health disaster unless help is increased massively.  We need to scale up quickly,  said Dr N. Paranietharan, the World Health Organisation representative in Bangladesh.  If we don t drastically improve water and sanitation we will face water-borne diseases including cholera.  ",1
19296,Factbox: How U.S. multinationals in Puerto Rico are responding to Hurricane Maria,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria has devastated the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, another blow to its already precarious economic situation. Puerto Rico s government owes $72 billion to bondholders, and an additional $50 billion in pension obligations to teachers and almost all other government employees. In May, it filed for the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history. The following are responses from multinational companies on how they are dealing with the aftermath of Maria: WAL-MART STORES INC Phillip Keene, Wal-Mart s director of corporate communications, said,  Like many businesses, we are working to assess any damage to our facilities as we are safely able to access them and working to connect with our associates to assess what their needs are so we can support as appropriate. We are planning to open facilities very thoughtfully, starting with limited hours at our Sam s Club near San Juan, perhaps as soon as Sunday. One of our Amigo stores has already reopened under limited hours on the south side of San Juan as of this morning.  Walmart operates 48 retail facilities, a distribution center and a satellite headquarters in Puerto Rico, supported by more than 14,700 associates across the Island. At this time, we are trying to best understand the impacts of Hurricane Maria to Puerto Rico, but it s been a slow process due to widespread power outages and communication issues. We have activated the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) at the Walmart Home Office in Bentonville, Arkansas, to support our associates in Puerto Rico. The EOC is Walmart s centralized platform for crisis coordination. In the EOC, we work directly with logistics, store operations and other teams within the business to ensure we re aligned on our support plans.  We have been in contact with leaders on the Island and continue to be in regular contact with FEMA and the American Red Cross. Our first priority is, and continues to be, the safety of our associates - taking care of them and their families. We are working rapidly to account for our associates, through store and HR leadership as well as social media, local radio and other channels. These efforts will continue.   Although our normal assessment process has been impeded a bit by road conditions and flooding, we are currently working to identify the status of our facilities on the Island. Our Merchandising, Replenishment, Supply Chain and Logistics teams are working to ensure we have critical supplies and product headed to the island via shipping vessels that are slated to depart as soon as Friday (Sept. 22). This is in addition to the shipment of water that was sent toward the island earlier this week, which is currently staged at sea awaiting clearance to safely enter port. We will continue to assess the right flow and mix of merchandise and supplies to send to Puerto Rico in the coming days and weeks.   Tammy Hull, communications manager at Eli Lilly, said:  Lilly has two manufacturing sites in Puerto Rico as well as an affiliate office and sales team. Safety of our employees is our primary concern. The small team of employees who stayed onsite during the storm are safe. We are still accounting for all employees, which is a slow process due to power and communications loss on the island. We are currently assessing our facilities to determine if any damage occurred. Lilly follows emergency procedures that enable us to maintain adequate inventory at our manufacturing sites around the world to ensure a reliable supply of medicine for patients.   Kristen Davis, senior manager of corporate communications at Amgen, said:  Our first priority is the safety of our colleagues and their families. The vast majority of staff at our Amgen Manufacturing Limited (AML) site in Juncos were sent home prior to Maria making landfall, with only a limited number of colleagues remaining on site to monitor operations. At the moment, we are still working to determine the safety of our people and are hopeful that all will be well. At the same time, we are executing on a comprehensive and well-rehearsed business continuity plan for the site itself. Based on what we know at the moment, we are confident there will be no product supply disruptions for patients around the world. Of course, we will work diligently to ensure drug supply for patients in Puerto Rico and to return our operations in Puerto Rico to normal as quickly as possible.  Michele Meixell, head of external communications and affairs at AstraZeneca, said:  Given the early nature of the disaster, we are still in the process of gathering more information, but I can tell you what we know so far. Our Puerto Rico employee base consists of approximately 250 colleagues. This represents both field-based employees as well as those working in our manufacturing facility located in Canovanas.   Right now our number one priority remains the safety and health of our employees and their families. At this point, it s still early to understand the full impact to our site, but we have started the process to assess our facility. The site does have backup power capabilities and we have a storm crew in limited operation right now until employees are able to safely return to work. In advance of the storm, the facility took appropriate precautions and we have business continuity plans in place to ensure our medicines continue in production.   We do not anticipate interruption in supply at this time. I also want to point out that while our Puerto Rico site is of critical importance to our organization, we have manufacturing facilities all over the globe producing medicines, so in terms of overall business impact, this is important to clarify.  Regarding the safety of our employees, all non-essential employees had been sent home prior to the storm earlier this week. This is a critical time for our employees to be safe and with their families and we will stay in touch with them in various ways that work best for them in this time of need. We stand behind those impacted by Hurricane Maria and AstraZeneca is committed to helping the people and employees affected by all of these recent natural disasters. We will continue to assess the needs of both our employees and those impacted by the storm and once we have more clarity on their needs, provide support and aid however we can.      Pfizer spokeswoman Joan Campion said,  We re continuing to assess the situation in Puerto Rico.   ",1
19297,German political rivals agree: No lottery for me,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Social Democrat challenger, Martin Schulz are still fighting hard for every vote as Sunday s national election nears, but they do have one thing common: neither is a gambler. Merkel, asked by the mass circulation newspaper Bild what she would do if she won millions of euros in the Lotto lottery, said,  I personally don t play Lotto.  The conservative leader, a trained physicist and daughter of a pastor who grew up in the former Communist east, Merkel told the paper she donated any money that she won in awards and prizes to charitable groups. Schulz, the former European Parliament president who never went to college, said he also didn t gamble.  I ve never played Lotto in my life,  he told Bild.  I never wanted to leave the question of my success in life up to chance or a lottery drum.  The two politicians also share similar views on prayer. Merkel, asked if she prayed to win the election, said she didn t pray for such concrete political results, adding:  Prayers are a very personal matter.  Schulz, whose party is trailing Merkel s conservatives by double digits, echoed that view.  Politicians always have to know that there s something greater than their own success.  ",1
19298,Canada to impose sanctions on Venezuela's Maduro and top officials,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada will impose targeted sanctions against 40 Venezuelan senior officials, including President Nicol s Maduro, to punish them for  anti-democratic behavior,  the foreign ministry said on Friday. Canada s move, which followed a similar decision by the United States, came after months of protests against Maduro s government in which at least 125 people have been killed. Critics say he has plunged the nation into its worst-ever economic crisis and brought it to the brink of dictatorship.  Canada will not stand by silently as the government of Venezuela robs its people of their fundamental democratic rights,  Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement. The measures include freezing the assets of the officials and banning Canadians from having any dealings with them. The actions were  in response to the government of Venezuela s deepening descent into dictatorship,  Canada said. There was no immediate reaction from Caracas, where the government established a pro-Maduro legislative superbody that has overruled the country s opposition-led Congress.  Maduro has said he faces an armed insurrection designed to end socialism in Latin America and let a U.S.-backed business elite get its hands on the OPEC nation s crude reserves. The United States imposed sanctions on Maduro in late July and has also targeted around 30 other officials. The Canadian measures name Maduro, Vice President Tareck El Aissami and 38 other people, including the ministers of defense and the interior as well as several Supreme Court judges. Canada is a member of the 12-nation Lima Group, which is trying to address the Venezuelan crisis. A government official said Freeland wanted to host a meeting of the group within the next 60 days. Cyndee Todgham Cherniak, a trade sanctions expert at Toronto law firm LexSage, said although limited in scope, the Canadian measures were symbolic.  When you join other countries ... it makes the message louder,  she said by phone. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Thursday he believed there was a chance for a political solution.  This is a situation that is obviously untenable. The violence ... needs to end and we are looking to be helpful,  he told reporters at the United Nations. Experts say individual measures have had little or no impact on Maduro s policies and that broader oil-sector and financial sanctions may be the only way to make the Venezuelan government feel economic pain. U.S. President Donald Trump last month signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company. Earlier this month, Spain said it wanted the European Union to adopt restrictive measures against members of the Venezuelan government. ",1
19299,"Turkey wants Iraq's Kurdish region to drop referendum, avoid sanctions","ANKARA (Reuters) - The planned independence referendum for Kurdish northern Iraq represents a direct threat to Turkey s security, and Ankara hopes it will be canceled so it can avoid implementing sanctions, Turkey s government spokesman said. Bekir Bozdag made the comments at a news conference following a cabinet meeting chaired by President Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey has threatened to impose sanctions on Kurdish northern Iraq over the referendum, but Bozdag did not give any details about what those could entail. ",1
19300,Britain says Moody's downgrade based on 'outdated' Brexit view,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s government said on Friday that a decision by ratings agency Moody s to downgrade the country s credit rating was based on an  outdated  assessment of its plans to leave the European Union. Moody s lowered Britain s sovereign credit rating to  Aa2  with a stable outlook from  Aa1.   The assessments made about Brexit in this report are outdated,  a government spokesperson said in a statement provided by the finance ministry. Earlier on Friday, Prime Minister Theresa May gave a speech in Italy setting out her wish for a transition period of around two years after Britain leaves the EU in March 2019.  The Prime Minister has just set out an ambitious vision for the UK s future relationship with the EU, making clear that both sides will benefit from a new and unique partnership,  the government spokesperson said.  We have made substantial progress in reducing the deficit while finding extra money for the National Health Service and social care at the same time. We are not complacent about the challenges ahead but we are optimistic about our bright future,  the spokesperson added. ",1
19301,Cuba urges U.S. not to politicize allegations of harmed diplomats,"UNITED NATIONS/HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba urged the United States on Friday to cooperate with its investigation into incidents that the U.S. says have harmed its diplomats in Havana and not to politicize the matter, days after Washington said it was considering closing its Cuban embassy. In an address to the United Nations General Assembly, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said the top level of the government in Havana had ordered an investigation into the mysterious matter, which threatens the fragile detente between the old Cold War foes. However, a Cuban government source told Reuters that the United States had provided no evidence of the harm, including hearing loss, dizziness and nausea, that it says U.S. diplomats and their relatives based in Havana have suffered. Cuban doctors had also not been allowed to examine anyone, the source said. A spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Havana declined to comment.  The investigation to clarify this issue continues, and in order to be able to arrive to a conclusion, it will be crucial to count on the cooperation of the U.S. authorities,  Rodriguez told the U.N.  It would be unfortunate if a matter of this nature is politicized,  said Rodriguez. Cuba has denied any involvement in the affair. U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida was among five Republican senators that a week ago called for U.S. President Donald Trump to retaliate against Cuba by expelling its diplomats and possibly shuttering the U.S. embassy in Havana. Rubio helped forge Trump s new Cuba policy, rolling back parts of the detente achieved under Democratic former President Barack Obama and taking a harder line on the Communist-run island. Cuba s state-run media this week said the only party interested in a deterioration in relations were a small group of Republicans led by Rubio. The U.S. government in August first officially confirmed they were investigating the incidents it said began in late 2016. Several Canadians were also affected, a Canadian official said, further deepening the mystery. The last incident to affect a U.S. citizen occurred late in August, bringing the number of those with symptoms to 21, a U.S. State Department official said last week. Some of those had returned home for testing and treatment, the U.S. official said, while others had been tested in Cuba, where the embassy has a fulltime medical officer. Investigations by Cuba, the United States and Canada have yet to come up with any answers. Experts agree it is hard to see how any attacks could have been carried out or what the motivation could be. Theories abound, from surveillance technology gone awry to a sophisticated acoustic weapon in the hands of Cuban-American exiles or third-party state actors such as Russia, Iran or North Korea, but most flounder. Audiologists for example have raised doubt over the possibility of whether any sonic weapon exists that can be used covertly to bring about the range of symptoms mentioned by diplomats. ",1
19302,Storm Maria pitches Puerto Rico barrio into sunken 'Venice',"CATANO, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Wading through highways swamped by turbid waters that sloshed over scattered, sunken belongings, residents of this Puerto Rican barrio flooded by Hurricane Maria have begun emerging from their shattered homes. Lying southwest of the capital San Juan, the Juana Matos neighborhood in Catano municipality took a huge hit from Maria after the storm slammed winds of up to 155 mph (249 kmh) into Puerto Rico early on Wednesday, destroying or damaging an estimated 80 percent of housing in the working-class barrio. The storm, the second Category 5 hurricane to batter the Caribbean this month, claimed at least 32 lives across the region, including 15 in Puerto Rico, and shut down power and communications across the island of 3.4 million people. By Thursday, Maria s floodwaters had turned the heart of the predominantly wood-built Juana Matos barrio into a series of waterways more suited to boats than walking.  It s like we re in Venice,  said 69-year-old steel worker Joaquin Rebollo, looking out across a broad channel that is normally teeming with cars.  It was a really bad experience, really bad. I almost died of fright.  Pitching the roof off his home and dozens of others in the area, Maria began to work through the wiring around the house as darkness descended across the island.  It was like (Maria) was chewing the cables,  he said, vividly making as if to bite through power lines with his teeth. Opposite him, residents trudged up to their knees in waters covering what was the main highway connecting Catano with the municipality of Bayamon further south. Rebollo and many neighbors left their homes in the hope the flooding that rose to four feet in some areas would recede. Houses locked for the storm were stripped of roofs or walls. Stranded cars stood half-sunk in driveways and satellite dishes tilted towards the sky to receive signals that had gone.  I peeked my head out during the storm and felt the wind - and saw the wood, the roof, and the windows in the air,  said Domingo Avilez, 47, who took cover inside a small cement stock room beneath his mother s house when Maria struck. By the end, the stock room was the only room left. Local officials estimate upwards of 2,000 people live in Juana Matos, and many too old or unwilling to evacuate watched from upper floors as the floodwaters turned streets into stagnant canals that seeped through their homes.  Well, we re alive,  said 75-year-old grandfather Angel Santos from the debris-strewn second floor of his wooden home.  These are the works of God, so there s nothing you can do,  Santos said, reflecting the faith evident among many Puerto Ricans hit by Maria just days after Hurricane Irma left. Even those on the edge of the flood-prone barrio in homes high enough to avoid shipping huge quantities of water suffered brutal incursions. Magdalena Oliveras, a 52-year-old housewife, showed the twisted metal blinds of her two-meter high washroom window she said had been mangled by a deluge from a nearby building. Lidia Espinal, 57, a longtime Juana Matos resident from the Dominican Republic, suffered a double blow on Wednesday morning before phone lines went down with a call from her homeland to say her younger brother had suffered a fatal heart attack. But Maria s presence meant she could not travel back.  I lost everything in my house, the good things, the roof, the windows. The stove is full of water,  she said.  But the death of my brother taught me that we can t hold on to material things. Because life does not come back.  ",1
19303,Three dead after Sudan clashes over Bashir visit to south Darfur: U.N.,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - At least three people were killed and more than 20 wounded when Sudanese troops clashed at a South Darfur refugee camp with displaced people protesting against a visit by President Omar Al-Bashir, the United Nations mission said on Friday. The United Nations said clashes erupted when troops dispersed protesters as Bashir visited the Shatia area, where the government has been accused of ethnic cleansing, in his first trip there since the conflict in Darfur war broke out in 2003. Bashir traveled to Darfur to show progress before a U.S. decision in October on lifting sanctions in return for Sudan meeting conditions, including resolving conflicts and improving humanitarian efforts on the ground.  At least three displaced people were killed and 26 more wounded when troops cleared protesters at the Kalma camp, the joint U.N., African Union peacekeeping mission, known as UNAMID, said in a statement.  I call upon everyone involved in this situation to restore calm as soon as possible. A peaceful resolution of differences is the only way forward for the Darfuri people,  said UNAMID Joint Special Representative, Jeremiah Mamabolo. Sudan s government in South Darfur later said in a statement that two had died in clashes between displaced people at the camp opposed to Bashir s visit and those who supported him. It said some had opened fire on security forces. Conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government. Fighting between the army and rebels in the southern Kordofan and Blue Nile regions also broke out again in 2011, when South Sudan declared independence. Short term truces have been announced last year. ",1
19304,"Ship carrying migrants sinks off Turkish coast, kills 15 - coast guard","ANKARA (Reuters) - Fifteen people drowned when a fishing boat carrying migrants sank off the Turkish coast in the Marmara Sea on Friday and up to 15 more were missing, Turkey s coast guard said. The boat sank off the northwestern province of Kocaeli shortly after calling for help, the coast guard said in a statement. Forty migrants were rescued from the sea so far and teams were still searching for another 13 to 15 people, it said. The search effort included two helicopters, as well as planes and commercial boats. The state-run Anadolu news agency said the rescued migrants were brought back to Kocaeli, where they were treated at a make-shift hospital at the dock. It said two of the injured were transferred to a hospital in the city. Their origin and destination were not immediately clear. Turkey agreed with the European Union to help curb a flood of illegal migrants - many of them passing through Turkey or its waters - on the way to Europe. While that has helped significantly reduce the illegal flow to Europe, some migrants still risk their lives trying to make the perilous voyage. But there are fears that deteriorating relations between Europe and Turkey could endanger the deal, under which Ankara is supposed to receive 3 billion euros in financial aid and visa-free travel for Turks to Europe. Turkey says the European Union has yet to fulfil its end of the bargain and has warned it could re-evaluate or suspend all of the agreement. ",1
19305,"Russia tells North Korea, U.S. 'hot heads' to calm down","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia s foreign minister said on Friday the leaders of North Korea and the United States should tone down their bellicose rhetoric and warned that a collapse of a nuclear deal between Iran and world powers would only embolden Pyongyang.  The exchange of threats is quite bad, unacceptable,  Sergei Lavrov told reporters at a news conference.  We have to calm down the hot heads,  Lavrov said, adding that he was convinced a Russian-Chinese proposal could still pave the way for a diplomatic solution to the North Korea crisis. Lavrov added that a collapse of the Iran nuclear deal would give North Korea little incentive to drop its nuclear program in return for sanctions relief.  ",1
19306,Buckeye Partners' Puerto Rico oil terminal still closed after Maria,"HOUSTON (Reuters) - Buckeye Partners LP s Yabucoa oil terminal in Puerto Rico remained closed on Friday, the company said, days after Hurricane Maria left a trail of destruction and at least 25 people dead across the Caribbean. The U.S. oil storage and transportation company did not say if the tanks at the 4.6-million-barrel terminal were damaged by the storm, which made landfall near Yabucoa, but it said a full assessment of the facility is under way.  We are working to maintain the safety and well-being of our Yabucoa, Puerto Rico employees,  it said in a statement. A larger terminal operated by U.S. NuStar Energy LP on the island of St. Eustatius, with capacity to store up to 13.03 million barrels of oil, also has been unable to reopen after a previous hurricane, Irma, affected several tanks. The closure of oil terminals in the Caribbean and restrictions to load and discharge large vessels in several Texas ports have constrained flows of crude and refined products across the Atlantic in recent weeks. Maria, the second major hurricane to hit the Caribbean this month, lashed the Turks and Caicos Islands on Friday after knocking out power to all of Puerto Rico and pushing several rivers to record flood levels. ",1
19307,N.Y. power company sends crew to aid Puerto Rico after hurricane,"(Reuters) - The New York Power Authority (NYPA) on Friday sent 10 engineers, planners and technical supervisors to Puerto Rico to help with the assessment and reconstruction of the island s power grid, which was completely shut down by Hurricane Maria. The NYPA workers were part of a group that traveled to Puerto Rico with New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on the first flight to depart for Puerto Rico s capital San Juan since the  Category 4 hurricane hit the island on Wednesday, according to a statement from the governor s office.  We have assembled top emergency response experts to support Puerto Rico and help repair its devastated power structure, and we are providing supplies and any additional assistance we can to support the island as they recover from this unprecedented natural disaster,  Cuomo said in a statement. In addition to the 10 NYPA specialists and translators, New York also sent drones and two drone pilots from the Department of Environmental Conservation to assist with the reconstruction of Puerto Rico s power grid. The Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA), which owns and operates the power system serving the commonwealth s 3.4 million residents, filed for bankruptcy in July, after years of underinvestment that yielded a grid it called  degraded and unsafe.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello has said PREPA was so severely hit that it could be months before electricity is restored to all customers.  The NYPA workers are some of the first utility workers to go to Puerto Rico from the mainland after Maria. The American Public Power Association (APPA), which is helping coordinate the utility response, has said it was also planning to bring in crews from other parts of the U.S. mainland to help with recovery efforts on both Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. There were some specialists from the Western Area Power Authority, which serves much of the U.S. West from Montana to Texas and California, already on Puerto Rico when Maria struck the island.  The Western Area workers had been on their way to the Virgin Islands to help rebuild and restore power after Hurricane Irma when they got stuck in Puerto Rico.  Irma grazed Puerto Rico on Sept. 6, knocking out power to more than 1 million of PREPA s 1.5 million customers. PREPA said it restored power to all but about 60,000 homes and businesses by Tuesday before Maria hit. ",1
19308,Spain sends more police to block Catalonia referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain will send more state police to Catalonia to block any moves to hold a banned independence referendum, the interior ministry said on Friday. The government in Madrid is facing one of its biggest political crises since the end of the Franco dictatorship and  the return of democracy four decades ago. It has called the referendum an illegal act and taken police and court action to block it. The new officers would monitor public spaces, keep order and  act in case the illegal referendum is maintained,  the ministry said in a statement. Catalonia s regional government said new measures including a ban on police time off were over the top and meant to create a false impression of crisis.  All you need is eyes in your head to see there is no violence,  spokesman Jordi Turull said. Catalan leaders have said they are determined to hold the vote on Oct. 1, defying the central Madrid government and a Constitutional Court ban. They have also said the Catalan assembly would declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote. State police already on the ground carried out unprecedented raids on regional government offices, printers, newspapers and delivery companies, searching for campaign material on Wednesday. Spanish media have said between 3,000 and 4,000 state officers have already arrived or are on their way, though the interior ministry did not give any numbers. The reinforcements will join 5,000 state police already based in the region. The ministry said they would back up Catalonia s separate police force, called Mossos d Esquadra, which would remain in charge. So far the state and local police forces have worked together well, but Spanish government officials say in private the Mossos could do more to block the vote and maintain order. The Catalan interior minister said the new state forces on the ground were one more step toward taking over the local police, a move that is seen as unlikely by most observers because it would be reminiscent of the 1936-39 Spanish Civil War, when the force was abolished.  The state is laying the groundwork to take over the Mossos d Esquadra. It s a clear attempt to discredit it,  said Joaquim Forn on Twitter. The Catalan government earlier this week accused the Spanish authorities of effectively taking over its administration after state police raided its offices and arrested officials, and the finance ministry took control of the local finance department. Authorities have had to billet some of the new officers in three ferries rented by the Spanish government and moored in the harbors of Barcelona and Tarragona because of both a shortage of temporary housing and to avoid clashes between protesters and police forces. ",1
19309,Facebook to overhaul political ads after threat of U.S. regulation,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O) on Thursday launched an overhaul of how it handles paid political advertisements, giving a concession to U.S. lawmakers who have threatened to regulate the world s largest social network over secretive ads that run during election campaigns. The company also said it would turn over to congressional investigators the 3,000 political ads that it says were likely purchased by Russian entities during and after the 2016 U.S. presidential election.  Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said the company, for the first time, would now make it possible for anyone to see any political ads that run on Facebook, no matter whom they target.  Facebook will also demand that political advertisers disclose who is paying for the advertisements, a requirement that under U.S. law applies to political ads on television but not on social media.   We will work with others to create a new standard for transparency in online political ads,  Zuckerberg said.  Zuckerberg, broadcasting live on Facebook from company headquarters in Menlo Park, California, said the changes would help address concerns that governments including Russia are using Facebook ads to meddle in other countries  elections. Earlier this month, Facebook said an internal review had shown that an operation likely based in Russia spent $100,000 on 3,000 Facebook ads promoting divisive messages in the months before and after last year s U.S. presidential election. The company initially declined to turn over details on the ads to Congress. U.S. congressional investigators and special counsel Robert Mueller are examining alleged Russian election interference, which Moscow has denied. Investigators are interested in other companies as well. Representatives for Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) are set to meet next week with staff from the Senate Intelligence Committee in relation to inquiries into the 2016 election.  Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on Thursday that he wants to hear from Facebook, Alphabet Inc s (GOOGL.O) Google, Twitter and others in public hearings.   It will be important for the committee to scrutinize how rigorous Facebook s internal investigation has been, to test its conclusions and to understand why it took as long as it did,  Schiff said in a statement. The political advertising changes represent a retreat for Facebook, which for years has resisted calls from transparency advocates and academics for the regulation of political ads. The company has instead treated them like all commercial ads. In the days after the November 2016 U.S. election, Zuckerberg said it was a  crazy idea  to think that misinformation on Facebook swayed the vote toward President Donald Trump.  Senator Mark Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, this month compared political ads on social media to the  wild, wild West  and said legislation might be needed to address them.  The U.S. Federal Election Commission last week sought public comment on possible regulatory changes to digital ads and considered whether to call Facebook and other tech firms before the commission for a public hearing.  Facebook has grown to be the leading online platform for political ads because of its low costs and tools for targeting messages to narrow audiences.  U.S. political campaigns likely spent $300 million on Facebook ads during the 2016 election cycle, according to Nomura analysts, though the exact amount is unknown.  It remained unclear whether Facebook s voluntary changes would satisfy demands for government action.  Warner and another senator, Democrat Amy Klobuchar, on Thursday sent a letter to colleagues inviting them to be co-sponsors of legislation they are writing that would formalize and expand the commitments Zuckerberg made.  The legislation, they wrote, would require digital platforms with 1 million or more users to maintain a publicly available file of all election-related ads bought by people who spend more than $10,000, according to a copy of the letter seen by Reuters.  Trevor Potter, president of the pro-transparency Campaign Legal Center, said in a statement that his group would  carefully monitor Facebook s implementation of this new policy.  He said Facebook  helped create the secrecy that gave rise to foreign interference in the 2016 elections.  In the past, Facebook has argued that ad details had to remain confidential unless released by the advertisers. Zuckerberg, who returned to work on Thursday after a month of paternity leave, laid out other steps the company would take to prevent governments from using Facebook to manipulate each other s elections.  He said Facebook would hire 250 additional people; expand partnerships with election commissions around the world; and adapt systems to help deter political bullying.  Facebook has not found an attempt at election-meddling in Germany, Zuckerberg said, but he added that the company would continue to examine fake accounts that it has removed in advance of Sunday s German national election.   I don t want anyone to use our tools to undermine democracy. That s not what we stand for,  Zuckerberg said.  Facebook General Counsel Colin Stretch said in a blog post on Thursday that it was unusual for Facebook to voluntarily turn over information to government authorities, as it was doing by giving U.S. lawmakers copies of ads. The company has long had a rigid policy of refusing to turn over any user information without a court order or other legal process.   But ultimately, Stretch wrote,  We believe the public deserves a full accounting of what happened in the 2016 election.  ",1
19310,"Shelling across Pakistan-India border kills six civilians, wounds 30","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Shelling along the disputed border between Pakistan and India killed six civilians, and wounded an additional 30 people, officials from the two sides said on Friday, in the latest confrontation between the two nuclear-armed countries. The clash came on the heels of the two arch-foes trading accusations at the United Nations General Assembly in New York.      The firing took place across the frontier separating Pakistan s Punjab province from Indian-administered Kashmir s Jammu region, and most of the casualties were reported on the Pakistani side. Pakistan s military said six civilians were killed and 26 wounded.  Pakistan Rangers Punjab befittingly responded on posts targeting civil population,  the Pakistan army s public relations wing said in a statement. Indian Police officials in Jammu said the ceasefire was violated by Pakistani forces, who injured four civilians on the Indian side.  Both countries claim Kashmir, and have fought two of their three wars over the Himalayan region, which they have disputed  since partition and independence from British colonial rule in 1947.  In July, four soldiers were killed when Indian shelling from across the Line of Control (LoC) that separates parts of Kashmir held by both countries struck a Pakistani army vehicle. Indian officials denied any knowledge of the incident.  In May, India accused Pakistani forces of killing two soldiers patrolling the LoC and mutilating their bodies. Pakistan s military denied the allegations and said it had not committed ceasefire violations. Both sides have previously accused each of violating the ceasefire and of beheading soldiers in the past. On Thursday in New York, Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi urged the UN secretary general to appoint a special envoy for Kashmir.  He accused India s military of brutality in a crackdown against anti-India activists. Hundreds of Kashmiris have been killed or injured and shotgun pellets have blinded and maimed others, he said. India rejected the allegation, terming Pakistan a home to terrorism that harbors violent militants.  India accuses Pakistan of backing several anti-India militant groups and helping them infiltrate the Kashmir to stoke  violence and carry out terrorist acts. Pakistan denies the charge.   ",1
19311,Head of G4S immigration unit at center of abuse scandal quits,"(Reuters) - The head of a G4S-run immigration unit in Britain at the center of allegations of bullying and abuse, has resigned, the outsourcing company said on Friday.  G4S said Ben Saunders, director of the immigration removal center near Gatwick Airport in southeast England, would be replaced on an interim basis by Lee Hanford from Monday, Sept. 25, pending the appointment of a permanent successor.  British lawmakers accused G4S last week of repeated failures of detainee welfare safeguards and whistleblowing mechanisms at the immigration center, after physical and verbal abuse by guards was revealed in a BBC documentary. G4S, contracted by the British government to run the Brook House center, earlier this month suspended 10 members of staff, three of whom have now been sacked, for abusive behavior following the documentary. Police are also investigating. Earlier this year an investigation at the G4S-run Medway Secure Training Centre resulted in allegations of abuse and mistreatment of youngsters. The center is now run by the government s National Offender Management Service. ",1
19312,"EU leaders want clarity on citizens, Brexit financial terms and Ireland","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that in Brexit talks, rules on the settlement of European Union citizens, the financial terms of Britain s departure from the bloc, and the question of Ireland must be clarified before other issues can be tackled. Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo sounded a similar tune, reacting to a speech by British Prime Minister Theresa May in Florence, Italy, during which she laid out Britain s ambitions after leaving the bloc.    Before we move forward, we want to clarify matters concerning the settlement of European citizens, the financial terms of exit and the question of Ireland,  Macron said in a joint briefing after a visit by Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila to Paris.  If these three points are not clarified, we will not be able to advance on the rest,  Macron said. Szydlo said that for Poland the key issue was the rights of Polish citizens in Britain, and that Britain must also fulfill its finiancial obligations. The EU s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier. said in a statement that May s speech showed willingness to move forward. ",1
19313,French President Macron to make EU reforms proposals on Tuesday,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron will announce his proposals for European Union reforms in a speech at the Paris-Sorbonne University on Tuesday, his office said on Friday. Macron has said he would make proposals on about 10 issues including strengthening the economic and monetary union, deepening European defense, reinforcing migration policy and strengthening social and fiscal convergence in the bloc. The speech will come two days after German elections in which Chancellor Angela Merkel, who also backs deeper European integration, is seeking a fourth term. ",1
19314,"New Zealand goes to polls on Saturday, ending tight, volatile race","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealanders go to the polls on Saturday in the most volatile and hard-fought race in recent history, which could usher in a change in openness to migration and trade and the central bank s approach to monetary policy.  Volatile opinion polls have shown a neck-and-neck race, although the ruling National Party of Prime Minister Bill English has led in recent polls, with two giving it a lead of nearly 10 points. A change in the Labour Party leadership last month turned what had been expected to be a dull campaign into a nail-biting event, with 37-year old Jacinda Ardern vying to become the third woman prime minister and the youngest of recent times.  It s tight,  Ardern, whose popularity prompted media to coin the term  Jacindamania , said on Friday.  It shows that every single vote will count and that turnout will determine this election. Labour hopes to ride a worldwide wave of change that most recently propelled France s Emmanuel Macron to become its youngest head of state since Napoleon. English, a 55-year-old former finance minister who took over after John Key s shock resignation last year, is making his second bid to be elected leader after a failed attempt in 2002.  Both leaders are expected to stay the course in terms of fiscal prudence, but will probably differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration, spelling ramifications for the New Zealand dollar, the world s 11th most traded currency in 2016. Ardern wants to add employment to the central bank s inflation-targeting mandate, which could mean more stimulatory monetary policy. She also wants to cut migration and renegotiate certain trade deals, which some worry could hurt two key sources of growth for New Zealand s small, outward-looking economy. Election uncertainty could have temporarily weighed on the economy, by making firms more cautious over investments and hiring, said Philip Borkin, a senior economist at ANZ. A tight outcome could weigh on the currency as could one foreshadowing a change in government, he added.  If it comes in and shows there is a decent chance of a change in government, I think that could be a factor weighing on the currency, just from an unknown point of view.  Given New Zealand s German-style proportional representation system, it could take weeks to determine the composition of the new government, with minority parties expected to have an outsize impact. About 986,000 ballots have already been cast, says the Electoral Commission, accounting for almost a third of the 3.2 million voters enrolled. In past elections, advanced votes pointed to the final results. But  special votes , from voters overseas and outside their home constituencies, could sway the outcome. This category, which made up 12 percent of votes in 2014, will only be announced on Oct. 7. The new government s make-up will also depend on negotiations between parties that could last weeks, particularly if the results are close.  Winston Peters, leader of the nationalist New Zealand First Party, which is likely to become the kingmaker, has declined to say which bloc of parties will get his support until the results become official on Oct. 12. With a loss in momentum in the Labour campaign, the latest polls suggest it is more likely that Peters will join forces with National, said Oliver Hartwich, executive director at the New Zealand Initiative think tank.       It would be hard for him to argue why he would give it to Labour if they are really 8 to 9 percentage points behind,  he added. For a graphic on New Zealand's parliamentary elections, click: tmsnrt.rs/2joJZGV For a graphic on New Zealand markets react to opinion polls, click: tmsnrt.rs/2faMawe ",1
19315,Monument to designer of AK-47 rifle scarred by sculptor's lapse,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Workers on Friday cut out part of a new monument to Mikhail Kalashnikov, inventor of the Soviet Union s legendary AK-47 assault rifle, after eagle-eyed Russians noticed that it mistakenly depicted a German weapon of World War Two. Just three days ago, the monument to the creator of one of Russia s best known export brands was unveiled with much fanfare in central Moscow. A metal bas-relief behind a statue of Kalashnikov depicts the AK-47 and other weapons all supposedly designed by the engineer, who died in 2013. But on Friday, embarrassed sculptor Salavat Shcherbakov had to admit that among them was the Sturmgewehr 44 (StG 44) assault rifle used by Nazi troops at the end of World War II.  We will rectify this,  Shcherbakov said in comments broadcast by state-run Rossiya 24 channel.  It looks like this (mistake) sneaked in from the Internet.   By Friday evening a square hole gaped where the German rifle had been depicted in the bas-relief. Kalashnikov s weapon, created in 1947, does have a striking resemblance to German arms designer Hugo Schmeissers s StG 44 rifle, created in 1942, although they have major design differences. Kalashnikov was known to have said he had heard speculation that he had copied the German rifle.  Vladislav Kononov, executive director of the Russian Military and Historical Society, was cited by Russian media as saying that the fact that angry Russians had spotted the error in the relief disproved that. Many had earlier vented their disapproval on social media.  Every cloud has its silver lining - thanks to this mistake ... a myth has been destroyed that Kalashnikov borrowed some elements of his invention from his foreign colleagues,   he said. The AK-47, the small-arms mainstay of Russia s armed forces for over 60 years, is called by some experts the most effective weapon ever made. Every fifth firearm in the world is a Kalashnikov, with more than 70 million of the assault rifles produced over the past 60 years, the Kalashnikov Concern manufacturer said on its website. Kalashnikovs are in service in 50 foreign armies, it added. ",1
19316,"Rhetoric aside, Latin America leaders say Trump listened on Venezuela","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump attacked Venezuela s authoritarian government from the podium at the United Nations this week but Latin American leaders say that behind the scenes he listened to them on how best to resolve the delicate regional crisis. Latin American leaders who dined with Trump on Monday on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly said they told him that a military invasion, a threat he casually made last month, would be unacceptable in a region long-sensitive to heavy-handed intervention by Washington. They pressed on him the need for a peaceful transition to democracy in Venezuela and argued against economic sanctions that would deepen its humanitarian crisis, which has already sent tens of thousands fleeing to neighboring countries.  Trump went to the trouble of asking us how best to solve the Venezuelan situation,  Argentine Foreign Minister Jorge Faurie, who attended the dinner, told Reuters.  That the United States would consult Latin American counties on what to do is in itself a major step forward.   At the United Nations General Assembly this week, Trump attacked the Socialist government of President Nicolas Maduro for destroying a once-wealthy oil-producing nation. He threatened to increase sanctions if Maduro did not move toward restoring democratic rule. But Trump steered clear of repeating the threat of military action he made on Aug. 11 which alarmed Latin Americans. For many, it conjured memories of the 1989 U.S. invasion of Panama that overthrew dictator Manuel Noriega, who died in May after years in prison in the United States and his own country. At least 125 people were killed in Venezuela during four months of protests this year against Maduro, who has resisted calls to bring forward a presidential election and instead set up a legislative superbody to overrule the opposition-led Congress. While no decisions were taken, the talks between Trump and the presidents of Brazil, Colombia and Panama, and the vice president of Argentina put pressure on Maduro to engage in real negotiations with his opponents instead of using talks to gain time, Latin American leaders said. Brazilian President Michel Temer told reporters after the dinner those present had agreed to ramp up pressure on Venezuela without direct intervention. President Juan Carlos Varela of Panama said the dinner with Trump strengthened an initiative by a dozen Latin American countries and Canada to back a new round of negotiations between Maduro and his opponents.  There will be more pressure to convince Maduro to accept free and democratic elections in 2018,  Varela told Reuters.  We think Maduro is getting the message that change must come.  Purchases of crude and refined products from Venezuela represented 7 percent of total U.S. oil imports in the first half of the year, giving Washington some leverage to push for political change in the South American nation.  Yet an oil embargo - which would deprive the Maduro government of its main source of income - was not discussed at the dinner with Trump, several attendees said.   Much of Venezuelan oil is heavy in sulfur and used for heating oil and asphalt, but is also refined into gasoline, mainly by U.S. Gulf refiners. Gulf state senators have urged Trump not to ban imports, which would hurt refineries and push up gasoline prices.   Colombian foreign minister Mar a Angela Holguin said an oil boycott would only extend the suffering of the Venezuelan people, who are facing shortages of food and medicine.  We have to think of the Venezuelans who would suffer even more if the economic crisis deepens,  she said. Formal negotiations with the opposition are due to begin in the Dominican capital of Santo Domingo on Sept. 27 and involve observers from Mexico, Chile, Nicaragua and Bolivia. Argentina s Faurie said the Maduro government would have to agree to several conditions for talks to be taken seriously, including a calendar for elections monitored by international observers and the release of political prisoners. Eric Farnsworth, vice president of the Americas Society, a business forum dedicated to fostering ties between the United States and Latin America, said the talks between Trump and regional leaders sent a clear message to Maduro.  The most important thing that came out of the dinner was the photograph showing the president and the vice president of the United States sitting down with regional leaders to talk about Venezuela,  Farnsworth said.  ",1
19317,Trump dismisses Facebook ads controversy as part of 'Russia hoax',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday questioned Facebook Inc s (FB.O) decision to overhaul how it handles paid political advertisements amid investigations into alleged Russian interference in U.S. elections.  The Russia hoax continues, now it s ads on Facebook,  Trump wrote on Twitter.  What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary,  referring to Hillary Clinton, his rival in the 2016 presidential campaign.  Earlier this month, Facebook said an internal review had shown that an operation likely based in Russia spent $100,000 on 3,000 Facebook ads promoting divisive messages in the months before and after the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The company initially declined to turn over details on the ads to Congress but said on Thursday it would do so, making a concession to U.S. lawmakers who have threatened to regulate the world s largest social network over ads that run during election campaigns. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said Facebook, for the first time, would now make it possible for anyone to see any political ads that run on Facebook, no matter whom they target. Facebook also will demand that political advertisers disclose who is paying for the advertisements, a requirement that under U.S. law applies to political ads on television but not on social media. Zuckerberg said on Thursday the changes would help address concerns that governments including Russia are using Facebook ads to meddle in other countries  elections. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia engaged in cyber attacks to sway the 2016 election against Democrat Hillary Clinton in favor of Trump. U.S. congressional investigators and a special counsel are investigating the matter. Moscow has denied any interference. While Trump dismissed the advertisement controversy, his secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, expressed concern.  Well, I think all of these social media providers are faced with many challenges,  Tillerson said on ABC s  Good Morning America,  pointing to their use by militant groups around the world as well as in election campaigns.   But they also have responsibilities,  he said.  And I think they re going to have to think carefully about their responsibilities in this regard.  U.S. election law bars foreign nationals and foreign entities from spending money to expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate. ",1
19318,"Close but no hurrah: EU welcomes May Brexit speech, but warily","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Theresa May s  constructive spirit  won a cautious welcome from the European Union on Friday, though the British prime minister s keynote Brexit speech raised more questions than answers for some and they want more details next week.  The speech shows a willingness to move forward, as time is of the essence,  the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said in a lengthy statement, adding that May s specially staged event in Renaissance Florence chimed with the spirit of Europe. Echoing reactions from diplomats and officials involved in the negotiations who spoke privately to Reuters, Barnier said it was a  step forward  that May said British courts would protect EU citizens in Britain based directly on a new EU-UK treaty, not on British law, and would take future EU case law into account. But as with vaguer comments about the EU budget, in which May said the other 27 countries would not be left out of pocket over the EU financial cycle ending in December 2020, Barnier stressed that he wants to hear a  precise negotiating position  when he meets his British counterpart on Monday. Similarly, he repeated the EU position on refusing talks on what happens after Brexit in March 2019 until Britain makes  significant progress  in agreeing its divorce terms.  May for the first time spelled out her request for a transition period of about two years after Brexit, during which Britain would stay in the EU s single market. Barnier reiterated that the other 27 could consider the request but again insisted that Britain could not keep all the benefits of EU membership while relinquishing obligations. May s allies in Brussels talked up the significance of a speech she chose to deliver in Florence to drive home a message of future cooperation with Britain s European neighbours.  We can only hope that the EU takes what the prime minister has said seriously, and sees that it is time to move forward,  said the pro-Brexit leader of her Conservative Party s group in the European Parliament, Syed Kamall.  I hope that the clarity provided today will allow for real progress at the next round of negotiations.  However, comments by the German leader of the centre-right group in the EU legislature, an ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel, demonstrated the scepticism felt toward Britain by some of Europe s main powers:  In substance, May is bringing no more clarity to London s positions. I am even more concerned now.  Guy Verhofstadt, the Brexit coordinator for the European Parliament which must ratify any treaty, called May s speech  more realistic  but warned against  cherry picking  EU favours during the transition. His demand that Britain forgo controls on EU immigration during any transition and go on making budget payments beyond 2020 will jar with May s pro-Brexit supporters. Nonetheless, one senior official handling Brexit for an EU government said two phrases from May on expatriates  rights and Britain s financial obligations marked  a real step forward .   That is quite something,  the official said.  Let s see what that means in the concrete negotiations.  Those two elements are among three in which progress toward a deal is a criterion for EU leaders to approve the opening of talks on future trade terms. The third, the new EU-UK land border on Ireland, remains a conundrum and May said nothing new. Another senior official handling Brexit for a big member state said May s speech should help create a  more positive atmosphere  in the negotiations, when Brexit Secretary David Davis arrives in Brussels on Monday for a new week of talks. May will meet the other 27 leaders in Estonia on Thursday and Friday and hopes they could authorise Barnier to launch trade talks as early as an Oct. 19-20 summit in Brussels.  The real problematic issue that remains to be resolved is the financial settlement,  said Konrad Szymanski, the EU affairs minister of Poland, a major beneficiary of EU subsidies that could be hard hit by the loss of Britain s annual contributions. May said other states should not  pay more or receive less over the remainder of the current budget plan . Barnier said he was  ready to discuss the concrete implications of this pledge .  The European Commission has estimated that Britain might owe something like 60 billion euros ($70 billion) on leaving in March 2019. About a third of that, EU officials say, would be down to making Britain pay its roughly 10-billion-euro annual contribution for the remaining two years   2019 and 2020   of the EU s current, seven-year budget programme. However, were Britain to remain in the single market, which would entail payments into EU programmes, that money   some 20 billion euros   would no longer come under the  divorce bill .  Britain has argued that it will owe very little on leaving, countering EU demands that it go on paying for many years after Brexit to cover much longer-term commitments previously made. An EU official told Reuters:  What May said goes further than what the British government has said so far. But ... it is not clear until when they would be willing to pay.  ",1
19319,Polish PM: want to ensure rights of Poles in UK in Brexit talks,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said on Friday that for Poland the key issue in Brexit negotiations is to focus on the rights of Polish citizens in Britain and issues related to the EU budget.  The Prime Minister expressed expectations that at the first stage of the negotiations it is key to focus on working out good guarantees of the rights of Polish citizens in the United Kingdom, as well as issues related to the EU budget,  Szydlo said in comments emailed to Reuters, following a phone call with Britain s Theresa May.  For Poland it is important that the UK fulfils its current financial obligations.  ",1
19320,Former head of Muslim Brotherhood dies in hospital: lawyer,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The former leader of Egypt s Muslim Brotherhood Islamist movement, Mohamed Akef, has died in a Cairo hospital after an illness, the group s lawyer said on Friday. Akef was  supreme guide  of the movement, as the leadership is known, until the end of 2009. He was among those detained in a crackdown after Egypt s elected president Mohamed Mursi, also of the Muslim Brotherhood, was ousted by the military in 2013. Akef s daughter announced his death on her Facebook page. The group s lawyer, Abdel Monem Abdel Maqsoud, told Reuters he had received a call from the prison service to report Akef s death in Cairo s Qasr El-Eyni hospital. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has engaged in the toughest crackdown on Islamists in Egypt s modern history since toppling Mursi when Sisi was still head of the armed forces. He was later elected president. Sisi presents himself as a bulwark against militant extremism as Egypt battles an Islamist insurgency in northern Sinai. But he has come under attack from rights groups, who say his time in power has seen the worst crackdown in their history. ",1
19321,Turkey calls on Barzani to cancel northern Iraq referendum,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey made a directly appeal to the president of the northern Iraqi Kurdish region on Friday, calling on him to cancel an independence referendum planned for Sept. 25, warning that Ankara viewed the vote as illegal and unacceptable. In a statement, Turkey s National Security Council called on Massoud Barzani to stop the referendum, saying it retained the rights defined in bilateral and international agreements if the vote were held. It did not elaborate on the nature of those rights.  The statement followed a meeting of the council, which was chaired by President Tayyip Erdogan. Erdogan is also due to hold a cabinet meeting later on Friday. ",1
19322,"Uzbekistan pulls students, teachers, nurses from cotton fields: sources","TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbekistan has abruptly recalled thousands of school teachers, college students and healthcare workers from cotton fields, halting a practice condemned abroad as forced labor, government officials and other sources told Reuters on Friday. The Central Asian nation is one of the world s leading cotton exporters and for years it has mobilized the students as well as staff at schools and clinics to pick the autumn harvest. It phased out using minors in 2015 under international pressure that included boycott campaigns. Officially, the work is voluntary and paid at about $0.005 per kilogram. In reality those who refuse risk expulsion or the sack unless they bribe an official or hire someone to work in their place, sources said. The harvest started this month but late on Thursday the Tashkent government ordered the cotton pickers home, said a district official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment. The government declined to comment. A central government official who also asked not to be named said an order barring the use of such workers had in fact been issued in August. On Thursday Tashkent warned regional governors they would be sacked if they fail to comply with it. The district official said regional governments have been ordered to hire unemployed locals for cotton picking instead. Several students and a school director, who all requested anonymity, said they had been ordered to return to class or had their trips to the field canceled at the last moment. Despite ending the use of child labor, Uzbekistan ranked among the top five worst offenders in the Global Slavery Index compiled last year by activist group Walk Free Foundation. The group estimated that almost 4 percent of Uzbekistan s population - then 31 million - lived in  modern slavery,  putting it second only to North Korea by that metric. The move to end the practice follows reforms by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev who took over the former Soviet republic after the death of strongman leader Islam Karimov last September. Mirziyoyev has moved to liberalize foreign exchange and travel regulations and had about 16,000 people struck off a blacklist of potential extremists, reforms that may help him rebuild ties with the West and attract foreign investment. ",1
19323,U.S. special envoy says Kurdish referendum has 'a lot of risks',"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential envoy to the coalition fighting the Islamic State insurgent group said on Friday that a referendum on Kurdish independence in northern Iraq  carries a lot of risks.  The envoy, Brett McGurk, told reporters:  The (Kurdish) referendum just carries an awful lot of risks and that s not something the United States can control. ... In terms of the consequences of the referendum it s not something that we can fully control, (it) just carries a lot of risks.  ",1
19324,Ireland says 'lot of work' needed to move to next phase of Brexit talks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s foreign minister on Friday welcomed Theresa May s speech in Florence calling for a Brexit transition deal, but said a lot of work was still required before the EU could move on to the next phase of talks with Britain. The EU has said that talks on the future relationship can only start after the other 27 EU governments are satisfied that  sufficient progress  has been made on the terms of Britain s departure, including on Britain s border with Ireland.  It is clear that there are still many outstanding issues and a lot of work is still required before European leaders can make a decision that parallel discussions on the EU s future relationship with the UK can begin,  Simon Coveney said in a statement.  The key thing now is that today s comments by Prime Minister May are translated into deliverables across the negotiating table in Brussels.  ",1
19325,What's a 'dotard' anyway? Kim's insult to Trump,"(Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has confused a lot of English-speakers - though this time not about what he intends with his nuclear program. Responding to U.S. President Donald Trump s bellicose warning to Pyongyang in his first speech to the United Nations on Tuesday, Kim on Friday called Trump a  dotard  - at least in a translation by the state news agency KCNA. The obscure word is old - late Middle English, or around the 14th century - and means senile old person, someone in their dotage. Although Shakespeare and Tolkien used it, the word is barely heard these days and Kim s statement caused a Twitter storm of questions to Merriam-Webster dictionary about its meaning, while searches on Google also increased. Merriam-Webster responded with a tweet, defining dotard as  a person in his or her dotage,  which is  a state or period of senile decay marked by decline of mental poise and alertness,  which quickly became the top trending post on Twitter on Friday, with more than 7,400 retweets and 13,000 likes. There were more than 100,000 mentions of the hashtag #dotard and 189,000 mentions of the word on Twitter on Friday, according to international social media analytics firm Talkwalker. On Google s Ngram Viewer, which tracks the popularity of words over time,  dotard  was a word that peaked in the 18th century. Many social media users also took to Twitter to deliver their best jokes.  By making people look up the word #dotard, Kim Jong Un has done more for American education than Betsy DeVos,  wrote one user, @TurmUp_TheTweet. DeVos is the U.S. Secretary of Education. Other Twitter influencers did not find the insult amusing.   This hashtag is a disgrace: #DotardTrump,  tweeted LoConservative founder Kassy Dillon.  Whether you like him or not, Trump is your president & Kim Jong Un is a dictator & a murderer.   And novelist Elnathan John said:  Am I the only one who doesn t find this Trump-Jong Un war dance funny? Why are we all giggling at these two men who CAN destroy us? #dotard.  ",1
19326,DUP leader says Brexit transition should be kept to 'absolute minimum',"BELFAST (Reuters) - The head of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist party, which is propping up British Prime Minister Theresa May s government, on Friday called for any Brexit transition period to be kept to a minimum and accused the EU of trying to damage Britain. In some of her most anti-EU comments since she agreed her 10 members of parliament would support May, Arlene Foster said in a statement that she believed  aggressive EU negotiators ... seem determined to do as much damage as they can to the UK.  The DUP campaigned to leave the European Union during last year s referendum. But 56 percent of Northern Ireland voters supported remain, and Foster has tended to shy away from hard Brexit positions. Northern Ireland is widely seen as the region with the most to lose if customs barriers are introduced between Britain and the EU. Foster described May s Friday speech in Florence, in which she called for Britain to stay in the single market under its current terms for around two years, as a  positive vision.   Any transition period should be for the absolute minimum period,  she said.  The wishes expressed in the referendum should be delivered without undue delay.  ",1
19327,Iraq reconstruction conference in Kuwait planned for early 2018,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. presidential envoy to the coalition fighting insurgent group Islamic State said on Friday that Kuwait would hold a conference on reconstruction in Iraq early next year. The envoy, Brett McGurk, also told reporters that military rules of engagement with Russia aimed at avoiding conflicts in Syria were unchanged from previous arrangement. ",1
19328,Macron signs French labor reform decrees,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron formally signed five decrees overhauling France s labor rules on Friday, the first major economic reforms since he took power in May. The new rules, discussed at length in advance with unions, will cap payouts on dismissals that are judged unfair, while also giving companies greater freedom to hire and fire employees and to agree working conditions. Macron said that the decrees would become law in the coming days, although they do not take effect in practice until further decrees spelling out finer details are signed before the end of the year. Leaders and members of labor unions opposed to the reform - not all unions are totally opposed - marched through cities across France on Thursday in protest,  albeit in much lower numbers than similar protests a week earlier. The changes to the labor code are the first in a number of reforms Macron has promised with the aim of reinvigorating the economy and bringing down unemployment. There are also plans to amend the unemployment benefits and pension systems, changes that are likely to provoke much more popular unrest. ",1
19329,Poland says full protection of EU citizens' rights in UK key in Brexit,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s Deputy Foreign Minister Konrad Szymanski, commenting on Brexit proposals presented on Friday by British Prime Minister Theresa May, said that protecting the rights of European Union citizens in the United Kingdom was one of the key conditions.  We can agree to talk about a transitional period in relation between the EU and the UK only if that could lead to complete fulfillment of the UK s commitments toward the EU,  Szymanski, Poland s sherpa to the EU, said in emailed comments.  Another condition is also full protection of our citizens  rights in the UK. Membership of the UK in the single market as well as the customs  union translates into regulatory and financial obligations of the UK toward the EU.  ",1
19330,Gulf media promotes emigre Qatari royals as feud sours,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Qatar s Arab critics are targeting a new pressure point in their feud with Doha - the tiny country s ruling family - permitting state-linked media outlets to portray two little-known Qatari princes living abroad as distinguished statesmen.  The publicity, in which the two men are lauded by media in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates as talented decision-makers capable of solving the rift, is widely seen as a dig at the prestige of Doha s current leadership. Despite Saudi Arabia and the UAE insisting they do not seek regime change, the publicity appears aimed at upping pressure on Doha, which they accuse of long meddling in their own domestic affairs. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt cut political and trade ties with Qatar on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-foe Iran - charges Doha denies. The two men hailing from a branch of the ruling Al-Thani family, silver-haired Sheikh Abdullah bin Ali based in London but now living in Riyadh, and his younger nephew Sheikh Sultan bin Suhaim, now feature regularly on Saudi and UAE channels. Praising Saudi King Salman and his powerful son Crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, they both called this week to convene a meeting of the Qatari ruling family to  discuss the crisis.    Because of the government s current policy that allowed hateful and bitter people to infiltrate Qatar and to spread their poison everywhere, we have now reached the abyss,  Sheikh Sultan, based in Paris, said in a statement carried by UAE-based Sky News Arabia TV. While the princes do not expressly present themselves as replacements to Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, analysts believe their sudden prominence is designed to undermine him - an uphill task for men few Qataris had heard of until recently.  For such a strategy to work, you need to find an alternative that already has a popular base,  said Jean-Marc Rickli, head of global risk and resilience at the Geneva Centre for Security Policy.  The move is eye-catching because it appears to test a Gulf taboo: while many Gulf ruling families, including the al-Thani of Qatar, have a record of palace intrigue, fellow dynasties in neighboring states rarely interfere in each other s internal family politics for fear of attracting intrusion in return.  The crisis has pressured Qatar s economy, squeezing company revenues and forcing costly rerouting of trade and air transport that once ran easily through their neighbors  skies and waters. Doha has responded by stepping up trade with Turkey and Iran, handing diplomatic gains to two countries with whom Riyadh and its allies vie for regional influence. Qatar s refusal to accede to 13 demands, including that it shutter popular news channel Al Jazeera, downgrade ties with Tehran and expel Islamist leaders from Doha, may have driven its adversaries to train their sights on the ruling family.  An environment where Qatar becomes a permanent partner for Iran and Turkey would be viewed as highly problematic for the leadership in Riyadh and Abu Dhabi,  said Ayham Kamel of the Eurasia Group consultancy.  The Arab quartet is still focused on pressuring Qatar to concede on parts of the 13 demands, but Qatari intransigence is encouraging these states to consider other options.  ",1
19331,Civilians leave IS-area in eastern Syria after evacuation deal: monitor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hundreds of civilians left a besieged Islamic State enclave in central Syria after the Syrian government and Islamic State reached an evacuation deal, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Friday. The Syrian army could not be reached for comment but a Syrian military source quoted on state media later said that the army and its allies had captured several areas in the enclave.  An insurgent source in northwestern Syria said the civilians - mostly shepherds - from the enclave, straddling the border between Hama and Homs provinces, had arrived in rebel-held Idlib province. The Syrian army - supported by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias - isolated the pocket, Islamic State s last presence in central Syria, in August during its eastward drive against the jihadists. The military source said the army had captured the areas of Mazin al-Baqr, al-Mushirfa al-Shomalia, Rasm al-Tawil and Jawra al-Nazal, .  The Observatory reported that the government and Islamic State had finalised the deal on Thursday, allowing Islamic State fighters, their families and civilians to leave the pocket and cross government areas into areas held by Islamist groups. Some crossed to areas held by Tahrir al-Sham, a jihadist alliance that includes the former Nusra Front group, in northern Hama and eastern Idlib provinces, it said. Others moved to camps set up west of the enclave in government-held areas in accordance with tribal deals, the British-based monitor said. Last week, jihadists launched an offensive against government-held parts of northern Hama province, advancing south from rebel-held Idlib. The Syrian government has responded with strikes on rebel-held positions. Russia, Iran and Turkey had previously struck a tripartite deal to deploy an observer force on the edge of a designated  de-escalation zone  in Idlib. The Islamist militants who hold sway in Idlib rejected the diplomatic effort. The Syrian army s main focus has been its offensive against Islamic State in the east of the country, where the Islamist group is also facing an offensive by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces. ",1
19332,Instant View: UK's May calls for two-year transition after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May called on Friday for a roughly two-year transition for Britain after it leaves the European Union while also offering some concessions on a divorce deal. Below are reactions to May s speech in Florence, which she hopes will inject new momentum into the Brexit negotiations.  The speech shows a willingness to move forward, as time is of the essence. Prime Minister May s statements are a step forward but they must now be translated into a precise negotiating position of the UK government.  Barnier also noted May did not address the issue of the future of Northern Ireland s relations with Ireland.  Fifteen months after the EU referendum the government is still no clearer about what our long term relationship with the EU will look like. The only advance seems to be that the prime minister has listened to Labour and faced up to the reality that Britain needs a transition on the same basic terms to provide stability for businesses and workers.  MANFRED WEBER, HEAD OF CENTRE-RIGHT GROUP IN EU PARLIAMENT  In substance Prime Minister May is bringing no more clarity to London s positions. I am even more concerned now.   Theresa May s Brexit vision is that we leave the EU in name only. All areas of integration we have currently will be rebadged.   While the UK has taken a limited step toward a more pragmatic stance on the initial legal exit from the EU that emerged over the summer, its position appears to remain deeply conflicted.  As many had anticipated, the speech falls short of addressing the legacy financial issues which the EU has highlighted as key to moving on to a second stage of the talks.  Our best guess is that the degree of antagonism between the two sides will rise in the near term.  MILES CELIC, CEO, THECITYUK, FINANCIAL SERVICES LOBBY GROUP  In calling for a time-limited transitional period under the existing rules and structures, she has echoed our industry s priorities and the calls of businesses on both sides of the Channel.  Similarly, since the start of the Brexit negotiations, we have been clear on the benefits of mutual regulatory recognition. It s very positive to see that the British government supports this principle   one which is in the best interests of all parties.   For the first time, today s intervention by the prime minister provides a potential route forward out of the current uncertainty caused by the stalled negotiations.   The intention to negotiate an implementation phase based on our current arrangements with the EU-27 is a welcome step in helping businesses manage the ongoing uncertainty.       While further clarity around the government s wider position is welcome, the commitment to a two-year transition makes it even more important that rapid progress is made in the negotiations.  CATHERINE MCGUINNESS, POLICY CHAIRMAN, CITY OF LONDON CORPORATION  Firms in the financial and professional services sector plan two to or more years in advance. With only 18 months left until the UK leave the bloc, urgent agreement on a transitional arrangement is crucial.  Otherwise, firms may well be forced to implement contingency plans unnecessarily.  TIM GRAF, EMEA HEAD OF MACRO STRATEGY, STATE STREET GLOBAL MARKETS  For the near-term, negotiations may likely be hampered by the lack of detail offered on the main items for discussion, namely the Irish border question, the ultimate financial settlement with the EU and the rights of EU citizens.  STEPHEN MARTIN, DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE INSTITUTE OF DIRECTORS  There was welcome honesty in today s speech that not following one of the existing models will have some implications for market access for UK firms.  A lot more honesty will be needed as the Brexit negotiations continue, as any decision on immigration or regulation, for example, will have knock-on effects and businesses and the public are entitled to know what the trade-offs are.  ADAM MARSHALL, DIRECTOR GENERAL, BRITISH CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE  The absolute priorities for business are to get trade talks moving, and to ensure a comprehensive transition period is in place that gives the certainty that companies need to take immediate investment and hiring decisions. It is our hope that the prime minister s offer will jump-start the process.  HELEN DICKINSON, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH RETAIL CONSORTIUM  The prime minister is right to offer a real guarantee to both EU workers and UK nationals in the EU-27 between 2019-2021, subject to a registration requirement.  However, they still need practical details about the process for registration and securing their status, so the UK government should negotiate with the EU Commission so that preferential reciprocal labor market access across industries like retail can be put in place for the post-implementation period.   We are astonished to hear Theresa May claim she will guarantee the current rights of EU citizens living in the UK. Current government proposals remove a number of rights from EU citizens, including the right to be joined in the UK by a spouse, child or elderly parent.    ",1
19333,"Trump, South Korea's Moon agree to boost defenses: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in agreed to strengthen their defense posture amid rising tensions with North Korea, the White House said on Friday. Trump and Moon, who met on Thursday, committed to strengthen their  combined defense posture, including through South Korea s acquisition and development of highly advanced military assets  and  agreed to the enhanced deployment of U.S. strategic assets in and around South Korea on a rotational basis,  the White House said in a statement. ",1
19334,Cameroon Anglophone protests reignite with separatist tinge,"BUEA, Cameroon (Reuters) - Thousands of demonstrators from largely Francophone Cameroon s English-speaking minority took to the streets to demand more rights on Friday, some of them hoisting separatist flags. Two Anglophone regions in the west account for about a sixth of Cameroon s population. Long-standing complaints of political and economic discrimination spilled over there last year when lawyers and teachers called for reforms. Security forces killed six protesters and arrested hundreds of others, and the internet was shut down in the region from January to April, crippling businesses in a crackdown that was condemned internationally.  Friday s protests were the largest and most widespread in months and came the day after a bomb suspected to have been planted by separatists wounded three policemen in Bamenda, capital of the Northwest region. The protests appeared to go beyond previous demands for justice and education reform. In Buea, capital of the Southwest region, a Reuters reporter saw protesters take down a national flag outside a police station, while officers looked on, and hoist the blue and white striped one of  Ambazonia , a name for the Anglophone territory.  A local journalist described a similar incident in the nearby town of Ekona. In Buea, young men with their faces painted blue and white blew whistles and shouted  We want freedom! .  We need independence. We need to be free. We are Ambazonians,  said Emmanuel Che, one of the protesters.  The only solution to this matter is let the government solve the problem by giving our independence.  Some Anglophones have been demanding independence for years, but they are outnumbered by those merely demanding reforms, experts say.  Still, the unrest is uncomfortable to the government of President Paul Biya, who has been in power for 35 years and was addressing the U.N. General Assembly in New York on Friday.  It is intensifying now. It has shifted to another level of extremism,  said political analyst Albert Nchinda. Cameroon s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors. After independence in 1960, the English-speaking part opted to join French Cameroon instead of Nigeria. ",1
19335,Irish PM says May speech 'genuine effort to move things forward',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on Friday gave a  cautious welcome  to a speech in Florence by British Prime Minister Theresa May, who called for Britain to stay in the single market under its current terms during a two-year transition period.  I d give the speech a cautious welcome. I think it is a genuine effort by the prime minister to move things along and make progress,  Varadkar told journalists.   We will of course need further clarity and further understanding as to how a transition period might work. But requesting a transition period is also a step in the right direction,  he said.  Varadkar said he was particularly happy about May s reassertion of support for protections for Northern Ireland s Good Friday peace deal and for a frictionless border between Ireland and Northern Ireland with no physical infrastructure. ",1
19336,"EU praises constructive spirit of May speech, wants more clarity","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s Brexit negotiator praised on Friday the speech of British Prime Minister Theresa May for a  constructive spirit  in divorce talks with the EU, but said he needed more clarity on what some of her declarations meant.  The speech shows a willingness to move forward, as time is of the essence,  Michel Barnier said in a statement.  Prime Minister May s statements are a step forward but they must now be translated into a precise negotiating position of the UK government.  Barnier, who is conducting negotiations on Britain s exit form the EU in March 2019 on behalf of the 27 governments remaining in the bloc, noted May did not address the issue of the future of Northern Ireland s relations with Ireland. He also said he would need to discuss further May s pledge that Britain recognized that no EU country would have to pay more in to the EU budget or receive less from it because of Brexit.  We stand ready to discuss the concrete implications of this pledge. We shall assess, on the basis of the commitments taken by the 28 Member States, whether this assurance covers all commitments made by the United Kingdom as a Member State of the European Union,  he said. He said that Britain s request for a two-year transition period after it leaves the EU, during which London would still be part of the EU s single market, could be discussed as soon as there was agreement on the principles of the divorce. ",1
19337,UK PM May does not raise possibility of leaving EU before March 2019,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May did not mention the possibility of leaving the European Union before March 2019 during a speech in Florence on Friday despite a Telegraph newspaper report that she would. Minutes before the speech began, the Telegraph newspaper reported May would raise the option of leaving the bloc before Britain s scheduled departure at the end of March 2019, sending sterling down around 30 ticks. In answer to a question following the speech, May said that Britain would leave at the end of March 2019. (This story corrects to add dropped word in lede)  ",1
19338,Factbox: Iraq's Kurds to vote in historic referendum on independence,"ERBIL/LONDON, Iraq (Reuters) - About five million people in Kurdish-held areas of northern Iraq will be summoned to take part in a non-binding referendum on independence from Iraq on Monday. They will be asked to tick a yes/no box next to this question:  Do you want the Kurdistan region and the Kurdish areas outside the region s administration to become an independent state?   The Kurds are the largest ethnic group left stateless when Britain and France, the colonial powers which won World War One, carved up the Ottoman empire. The region s roughly 30 million ethnic Kurds were left scattered, mainly over four countries: Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria. All of them suffered persecution and were often denied the right to speak their language. Those in Iraq were uprooted under Saddam Hussein s regime and suffered an attack using chemical weapons.  The autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) in northern Iraq says the Shi ite ruled central government in Baghdad has failed to respect autonomy established after the 2003 overthrow of Saddam Hussein in a U.S.-led invasion.  The KRG says the vote acknowledges the Kurds  crucial contribution confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the the Iraqi army in 2014 and seized control of a third of Iraq. WHAT S THE LIKELY OUTCOME AND WHAT S THE NEXT MOVE:  The outcome is likely  to be a comfortable  yes . The KRG, led by Massoud Barzani, plans to use the vote as a legitimate mandate to press for negotiations with Baghdad and neighboring countries to achieve independence.   Baghdad thinks the vote could lead to a messy breakup of Iraq at a time when it is struggling with reconstruction and the return of refugees. It offers talks to resolve disputes over land, energy and power sharing, including the status of the multi-ethnic oil region of Kirkuk. Iraq s powerful neighbors fear separatist contagion for their own Kurdish populations. Turkey is home to the largest Kurdish minority. It has been fighting Kurdish insurrection in its south-east since 1984. Iran s Kurds are close culturally to Iraq s Kurds and they speak the same Kurdish language. Tehran is also close to the Shi ite political parties who have been ruling Iraq or holding key security or government positions since 2003.  Syria is embroiled in a civil war in which its own Kurds are pressing for self-administration. About everyone, including the United States and United Nations who fear a destabilization of Iraq while the war with Islamic State is not yet over.  WHY OIL-RICH KIRKUK IS EMERGING AS A FLASHPOINT:  Kirkuk is a multi-ethnic city. It lies outside the recognized Kurdish region and is home to Kurds, Turkmen, Arabs and Assyrian Christians. It sits on susbtantial oil reserves and its crude is exported through a pipeline to the Mediterranean that crosses KRG territory and Turkey. If Turkey decides to close the pipeline, it would deprive the KRG government in Erbil of most its hard currency income. Iraqi Kurdistan produces around 650,000 bpd of crude from its fields, including around 150,000 bpd from the disputed areas of Kirkuk. The region s production volumes represent 15 percent of total Iraqi output and around 0.7 percent of global oil production. The KRG aspires to raise production to over 1 million bpd by the end of this decade.  Kurdish oil production has been dominated by mid-sized oil firms such as Genel, DNO, Gulf Keystone and Dana Gas.  Major oil firms such as Chevron, Exxon Mobil and Rosneft also have projects in Kurdistan but they are mostly at an exploration stage. Russia s state oil major Rosneft, however, has lent over $1 billion to the KRG guaranteed by oil sales and committed a total of $4 billion to various projects in Kurdistan. Trading houses Vitol, Glencore, Trafigura and Petraco have lent a total of $2 billion to Kurdistan guaranteed by oil sales while Turkey has also provided a total of $1.5 billion to support Erbil in the past two years. All registered residents of the Kurdish-held region in northern Iraq, Kurds and non-Kurds, are eligible to vote. The Kurdish-held regions include those inside the official boundaries of the KRG and surrounding areas that Peshmerga fighters seized in the course of the war on Islamic State. Kirkuk lies outside the KRG and is also claimed by Baghdad. Internally displaced people from the disputed territories will be allowed to vote. Iraq s Kurdish diaspora will also be allowed to submit electronic ballots on Sept. 23 and 24. The United Nations opposes the referendum and says it will  not participate in the process. ",1
19339,"Kurds ready to pay any price for freedom, Barzani says, sticking by independence vote","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) President Massoud Barzani said on Friday that Iraq s Kurds were ready  to pay any price for freedom , rejecting international pressure to call off the referendum on independence planned for Monday in northern Iraq. Addressing a rally in support of the vote in Erbil, the seat of the KRG, Barzani reacted to a United Nations Security Council statement that expressed on Wednesday concern over the potential destabilizing impact of the vote on Iraq. ",1
19340,Syrians vote in Kurdish-led regions of north,"QAMISHLI, Syria (Reuters) - Syrians voted on Friday in an election organized by the Kurdish-led authorities of northern Syria, the start of a three-phase process to set up new governing institutions that aim to shore up regional autonomy.  Today comes as a historical day for us. The people are choosing their way of life, politics, economy,  said Renas Ahmed, 25, among several dozen people casting their vote for the local community representatives being elected.  Voters were picking leaders for some 3,700  communes  spread across three regions of the north where Kurdish groups have established autonomous rule since 2011, when the Syria s civil war erupted. Friday s election will be followed in November by elections to local councils and culminate in January with the election of an assembly that will act as a parliament for a federal system of government in northern Syria.      The election points to the ambitions of Kurdish groups and their allies that control close to a quarter of Syria. Their stated aim is to secure autonomy as part of a decentralized Syria, and insist they do not want to follow the example of the Kurds of northern Iraq who are due to vote in an independence referendum on Monday. But their autonomy plans are opposed by the Syrian government in Damascus, by neighboring Turkey, and by the United States even though it is fighting alongside the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia in the war against Islamic State (IS). The government, which is winning back territory from rebel and jihadist groups with help from Russia and Iran, has pledged to recover all of Syria. The YPG and Damascus have mostly stayed out of each other s way in the war. But tensions between Damascus and its allies on the one hand, and the YPG and its allies on the other are surfacing as they race to capture Deir al-Zor province in eastern Syria from IS.  This is the first time I vote,  said Mohamad Murad Khalil, a man in his late 50s who was one of tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds denied citizenship by the Syrian state.  I lived 60 years without nationality. We couldn t breathe, we were denied all civil rights. (But) it s not like before when they could oppress us,  he said.  We have strength, will, an army - everything, thanks to God, the YPG and the YPJ,  he said referring to the all-female militia affiliated to the YPG, whose flag was flying at the polling station. The political structures expected to emerge from the process are inspired by the ideas of Abdullah Ocalan, head of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), who is in jail in Turkey for leading a three-decade insurgency. Turkey views the political rise of Syria s Kurds as a threat to its national security. The dominant Syrian Kurdish political groups, centered around the PYD - the Democratic Union Party - say their system embraces all ethnic and religious groups in northern Syria. But the YPG has faced hostility from the Syrian Arab groups that have fought President Bashar al-Assad in the six-year-long war. They accuse it of working with Assad against them - something the YPG denies.  The YPG is fighting Islamic State as part of a U.S.-backed militia alliance known as the Syrian Democratic Forces, which includes fighters from Arab and other backgrounds. But the elections are not going ahead in all of the territory captured from IS by the SDF: the majority-Arab cities of Manbij and Tabqa near Raqqa are not part of the new political order, though they may have the option of joining it. Though the areas where the elections are taking place are predominantly Kurdish, Naser al-Jasim, 45, an Arab from Qamishli, said his village was taking part. He said he was casting a vote to improve local services and to show  that unlike what narrow-minded people think, there is no difference between a Kurd and an Arab . ",1
19341,Bosnian experts find 86 skulls at scene of 90s war massacre,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Forensic experts have found 86 skulls in a mass grave near the scene of a massacre of Bosnian Muslims and Croats by Serb forces early in the 1992-95 war, officials said on Friday. The skulls and more than 50 other body parts were found covered with rocks in a remote spot near a ravine in central Bosnia, the country s Missing Persons Institute said. Experts began searching on Sept 7, hours after the Bosnian war crimes court ordered the exhumations at Mount Vlasic. At the time, the teams said they were only expecting to find the remains of around 60 people. On Aug. 21, 1992, Bosnian Serbs told prisoners from detention camps for non-Serbs near the town of Prijedor that they would be released in a prisoner exchange. But instead they drove them away by bus, lined them up by the edge of a ravine and shot them. Only a dozen survived what has become known as the Koricani Cliffs massacre, by tumbling or jumping down the steep ravine. The 1992-95 war claimed 100,000 lives. The killings were part of a wave of ethnic cleansing by  Bosnian Serb forces who were trying to create a Serb statelet by removing Bosniaks - Bosnian Muslims - and Croats from the area. Forensic experts have already identified 117 victims of the massacre in several other mass grave sites.  We hope that the search for the victims of this massacre has completed today,  said Lejla Cengic from the Missing Persons Institute.  Eleven Bosnian Serb ex-policemen were convicted for the ravine killings, including Darko Mrdja who was jailed for 17 years by the Hague-based U.N. war crimes court. The remainder were convicted by the Bosnian war crimes court. ",1
19342,German election campaign largely unaffected by fake news or bots,"BERLIN/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany is on guard against any last-minute meddling in  Sunday s election but experts have seen only isolated attempts to swing votes during the campaign. There are also no signs that fake news will affect the outcome of the election, which Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats are expected to win. The broadly clean bill of health from political experts and social media watchers is in contrast to the U.S. and French presidential elections of the past 12 months, in which Russia was accused of trying to influence the outcome. (For a graphic on German federal elections click tmsnrt.rs/2h0NqCT)   People generally aren t expecting a huge amount of digital meddling because in the end it didn t work in France, and it s just too closely associated with Russia. It would hurt them (Russia),  said Sergey Lagodinsky, a lawyer and researcher with a Green Party-connected think tank in Berlin. The sharing of false or misleading headlines and mass posting by automated social media  bots  have had little influence in Germany s quiet campaign, government officials and political experts say. And an Oxford University study concluded this week that far less fake news was being spread in Germany than in the United States before the 2016 presidential election. Concern had been raised in Germany by the accusations of Russian meddling in last year s U.S. presidential election to prevent Democrat Hilary Clinton winning and in this year s French presidential election, in which eventual winner Emmanuel Macron s team complained his campaign was targeted by a  massive and coordinated  hacking operation. Russia has denied meddling in foreign elections. FAR-RIGHT SET TO ENTER PARLIAMENT Germany s biggest political parties, worried about the impact of a hack that stole politicians  data in 2015, agreed this year not to exploit any information that might be leaked as a result of a cyber attack, and not to use bots. Social media watchers spotted a small-scale effort late in the campaign by Russian accounts on Twitter to amplify a call by German far-right activists for their supporters to volunteer as observers at polls to prevent possible voting fraud. The far-right call for election monitors centered on a site with a tiny following called wahlbeobachtung.de, which features demands for a recount if many invalid ballots are found. It was retweeted by a Russian  bot-for-hire  169 times in recent days, fake news tracking site Digital Forensic Research Labs said. The site, run by EinProzent (One Percent), an anti-immigrant, anti-Merkel  patriotic citizens  network , has drawn just 305 Facebook users to sign up as monitors so far. German voters will cast votes at some 88,000 polling stations. Of 1 million tweets tracked by the Oxford group in the first 10 days of September, 30 percent were tied to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD), far outweighing support shown for the party in polls: it is running at around 10 percent. That puts the AfD on track to enter parliament for the first time as the third largest party.  Facebook Germany spokesman Klaus Gorny said the company was keeping a close eye on abuse while sticking to its principles of allowing free speech.  He said there was no doubt that right-wing postings, some of them quite offensive, had increased, but Facebook was only removing content that was illegal.   There are certainly things that are completely off, but they re not illegal,  he said.  ",1
19343,'Even more concerned' after May Brexit speech: senior EU lawmaker,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of the European Parliament s biggest group, the center-right European People s Party, said British Prime Minister Theresa May s speech on Brexit on Thursday did not clarify London s position and had left him more concerned than before.  In substance PM May is bringing no more clarity to London s positions. I am even more concerned now,  Manfred Weber said on Twitter. Prime Minister Theresa May called on Friday for Britain to stay in the European Union s single market during a roughly two-year transition out of the EU as she appealed for a revival of Brexit negotiations. ",1
19344,Post-election conundrum awaits Germany's Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Barring an upset, the main uncertainty surrounding Europe s most important election this year is not whether Angela Merkel will continue to lead Germany after this weekend s vote, but who with and how long they will take to get going. Although a surprise cannot be ruled out in the wake of any Russian interference, pollsters say they are confident about their surveys, which show Merkel s conservatives winning the most seats in the Bundestag lower house. The far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) is set to enter parliament for the first time, and some experts have said it may gain more support than the roughly 10 percent  polls suggest, an alarming prospect for many at home and abroad. But all the other parties have ruled out joining it in a coalition - an inherent part of Germany s electoral system -  and the most likely scenario is probably a repeat of Merkel s  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats (SPD). She will start sounding out partners right after the Sept. 24 vote, but coalition building is a protracted process, which could paralyze policy for months at a time when Brexit has shaken Europe s foundations. The process is especially complex this time as the number of parliamentary groups could rise to six from four. Informal soundings and then exploratory talks precede formal coalition negotiations and party leaders may also seek approval from their members before signing off on any deal. Depending on the shape of the coalition, the main issues at stake are the integration of the more than 1 million migrants who have arrived in Germany in the last two years, and investment in Europe s biggest economy as well as Merkel s leading role in talks on reform of the European Union and relations with Russia and Turkey. Here are the main scenarios: CONSERVATIVES, SOCIAL DEMOCRATS ( GRAND COALITION ) The most likely option, according to opinion polls. Merkel s parliamentary party, made up of her Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) has governed with the SPD for eight of the 12 years that Merkel has been chancellor, including the last four. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: Merkel, who has steered the conservatives towards the political center ground, looks comfortable ruling with the SPD. Such a coalition would likely have a large majority, provide continuity and broadly agree on Europe, Turkey, foreign policy, migration and security issues. HURDLES: It is a last resort for both sides, especially the SPD, which fears it will lose out as junior partner. It wants more emphasis on investment, education, tackling inequality and fair pensions while conservatives are more focused on tax cuts. The SPD is also reluctant to back planned defense spending hikes.  CONSERVATIVES, FREE DEMOCRATS ( BLACK-YELLOW ) The conservative block and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) are traditional partners, especially on financial and economic policy, having ruled together for almost half of post-war Germany s seven decades. If they win sufficient votes, this is the most likely scenario. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: The pro-business FDP has rebounded this year, winning enough votes in a vote in Germany s most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia, in May to share power with the CDU there. A repeat at federal level would herald tax cuts and deregulation and possibly tighter laws on immigration, asylum seeking and security. HURDLES: The FDP was wiped out of parliament in 2013 after four chaotic years ruling with Merkel. It has more radical tax reduction and privatization plans, opposes deeper EU integration and wants EU countries to be able to quit the euro zone. Party leader Christian Lindner has also suggested Germany accept Russia s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, something Merkel has ruled out. CONSERVATIVES, FDP, GREENS ( JAMAICA  - REFERENCE TO PARTIES  COLORS: BLACK, YELLOW, GREEN) As yet untested at a federal level, this combination rules in the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE - If Merkel s bloc can t form an alliance with the FDP or the Greens alone, it may try a three-way deal. Both smaller parties have played down this option but may be lured by the prospect of power.  HURDLES - The Greens and FDP are at opposite ends of the political spectrum. Policy clashes would be likely on tax, energy, the EU and migrants. CONSERVATIVES, GREENS ( BLACK-GREEN ) Untested at a federal level, this has been mooted as an option under Merkel, who has pushed renewable energy. The CDU and Greens have worked together at regional level, including in a Greens-led coalition in the rich southern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: The Greens  leaders are pragmatic, worlds away from the eco-warriors who founded the party. The prospect of power may persuade them to compromise. Such a coalition would promote a strong Europe and focus on fighting climate change. The Greens would push for a phaseout of coal-fired power stations.  HURDLES: Doubtful they would win a majority. Conservatives want lower taxes while Greens want to tax the super rich. Greens have a more liberal migrant policy which could pit them against the CSU, and they oppose plans to increase defense spending. Clashes are also likely on some aspects of energy policy and auto emissions regulation following the diesel scandal. A minority government would be a first and stability-craving Germans would not like it but may prefer it to new elections. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: If Merkel fails to find a partner, she may feel she has a mandate to rule given her personal popularity. She would probably get support for individual policies from the FDP, SPD and Greens.  HURDLES: Merkel s natural caution coupled with Germans  fear of instability, a legacy of the fragmentation in the years that preceded the rise of Hitler s Nazi party.  SPD, LEFT, GREENS ( RED-RED-GREEN  or  R2G ) Highly unlikely. Never tested at a federal level, a tie up between the SPD and Greens, preferred partners, and the radical Left party, could be the only way for the SPD to take the chancellery. It is being tested in the state of Berlin under SPD leadership and, with a Left premier, in the state of Thuringia. WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: For the first time, the SPD has not excluded the possibility of joining the Left. Such a coalition would probably focus on boosting investment and tackling inequality and adopt a more Russia-friendly stance. HURDLES: The Left s links with Communists in former East Germany and painful SPD memories of an exodus to the Left over deep labor market reforms more than a decade ago. While the SPD and Greens could rule together relatively easily, the Left wants a top tax rate of 75 percent, a 30-hour week and to replace NATO with an alliance including Russia. For an interactive on German elections, click: tmsnrt.rs/2fv8Yqv ",1
19345,Teenager appears in UK court charged with London bomb attack,"LONDON (Reuters) - An 18-year-old man who came to Britain after his parents were killed in Iraq appeared in a London court on Friday charged with attempted murder in last week s bomb attack on a packed commuter train in the British capital. Ahmed Hassan is accused of carrying out the attack at Parsons Green station in London on Friday which injured 30 people. Wearing a gray sweatshirt and with shoulder-length curly dark hair, he spoke only to confirm his name and address at London s Westminster Magistrates  Court. Hassan, from Sunbury-on-Thames, a town to the southwest of London, is charged with attempting to murder passengers on board a train heading to central London from the southwest suburb of Wimbledon. He is also accused of causing an explosion likely to endanger life using the highly volatile triacetone triperoxide (TATP) - known as  the mother of Satan  - or another explosive substance. Prosecutor Lee Ingham told the court Hassan had expressed hatred for Britain and his  warped view  had motivated him to carry out the attack. There was no application for bail and the case was adjourned until Oct. 13. The home-made bomb engulfed a carriage in flames, but apparently failed to fully explode. It was Britain s fifth major militant attack so far this year. Police are continuing to question two other men, aged 25 and 30. A 17-year-old, who was detained on Thursday, was released on Friday and will face no further action. Two other men, arrested as part of the inquiry, were also released from custody on Thursday. ",1
19346,Slovenian PM cancels Croatia visit over maritime dispute,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenia s Prime Minister, Miro Cerar, has canceled a visit to Croatia, accusing the neighboring state of reigniting a long-running maritime dispute, his office said on Friday. Cerar called off next week s trip after his Croatian counterpart, Andrej Plenkovic, told the U.N. General Assembly that an international ruling on their shared waters was invalid. The Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled in June that Slovenia should have  uninterrupted access  to the sea it shares with Croatia. Croatia objected at the time, and Plenkovic said he had merely repeated his country s position at the United Nations on Thursday.  In my speech there was nothing new about Croatia s position, I mentioned the facts... We remain open for dialogue with Slovenia and I invite Cerar to come to Croatia on some other date,  Plenkovic told a cabinet session in Zagreb. The countries have been arguing over a stretch of their sea and land border since both declared independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1991 as it disintegrated into war and broke up. The dispute, which centers on the bay of Piran, held up Croatian accession to the EU for many years. Only after both parties agreed to arbitration was Zagreb granted entry to the bloc in 2013 - though it later withdrew from the proceedings. The Hague-based court ruled that Slovenia gets the vast majority of the Piran bay area recognized as its territorial waters.  In addition, the tribunal established a 2.5 nautical-mile wide and some 10 nautical-mile long corridor through Croatian waters to give Slovenia much-coveted direct access to international waters. ",1
19347,UK not prepared to pay for EU single market access during transition: government source,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Britain is not prepared to pay for access to the European Union s single market during a post-Brexit transition period, a UK government source said on Friday. During a speech in Florence Prime Minister Theresa May called for Britain to stay in the single market under its current terms during a roughly two-year transition period. Following the speech, a government source said Britain was categorically not prepared to pay for single market access, and that a commitment to honor Britain s obligations referred only to specific programs during the transition period. ",1
19348,"A North Korea nuclear test over the Pacific? Logical, terrifying","SEOUL/TOKYO (Reuters) - Detonating a nuclear-tipped missile over the Pacific Ocean would be a logical final step by North Korea to prove the success of its weapons program but would be extremely provocative and carry huge risks, arms control experts said on Friday. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho suggested leader Kim Jong Un was considering testing  an unprecedented scale hydrogen bomb  over the Pacific in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s threat at the United Nations to  totally destroy  the country.  It may mean North Korea will fire a warhead-tipped (intermediate range) Hwasong-12 or Hwasong-14 intercontinental ballistic missile and blow it up a few hundred kilometers above the Pacific Ocean,  said Yang Uk, a senior researcher at the Korea Defence and Security Forum in Seoul.   They may be bluffing, but there is a need for them to test their combined missile-bomb capability. They could have already prepared the plan and are now trying to use Trump s remarks as an excuse to make it happen,  said Yang. Such an atmospheric test would be the first globally since China detonated a device in 1980, according to the International  Atomic Energy Agency.  Tests of nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles are rarer still. The United States  only test of an operational ballistic missile with a live warhead was fired from submarine far out in the Pacific Ocean in 1962. China was widely condemned for a similar test with a missile that exploded over its Lop Nur test site in the country s west in 1966. North Korea s six nuclear tests to date have all been underground, the most recent earlier this month by far its largest.  We have to assume they *could* do it, but it is exceedingly provocative,  said Vipin Narang, an associate professor of political science at  Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   To put a live nuclear warhead on a missile that s only been tested a handful of times, overflying potentially populated centers. If it...doesn t go exactly as planned....it could be a world changing event.   North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles over Japan s north Hokkaido region in the past month as part of a series of tests that experts say have illustrated unexpectedly rapid advances.  They said Pacific Ocean, which pretty much means firing a missile over Japan,  said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.  They want to shut us all up for doubting they could build it.  While a missile would be the most ideal means of delivery, it is also possible to put a bomb on a ship and detonate on the surface of the ocean or in the sea, the experts said.  Either way, the radioactive fallout could be significant, as well as the diplomatic backlash from around the world. North Korea s recent missile launches over Japan especially drew stern rebukes from Tokyo and the international community.  Japan s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga called Pyongyang s remarks and behavior  completely unacceptable . Narang said a test high enough over the ocean would limit the radioactive fallout but risks included damage from an electro-magnetic pulse, something Pyongyang has hinted it might employ on an attack on the United States or its allies.   If it doesn t go exactly as planned and the detonation occurs at a lower altitude we could see some EMP-like effects for anything in the area. A lot of dead fish too.  Pyongyang has launched dozens of missiles this year as it spurs a program aimed at mastering a nuclear-tipped missile that can strike the United States, in addition to its Sept 3 nuclear test.  If Kim s threat materializes, it will be a  tipping point  for China, and may prompt many other countries to demand an  end to the regime,  said David Albright, founder of the non-profit Institute for Science and International Security in Washington.   No one has tested above ground for decades and the radioactive fallout could be terrifying to many,  Albright said.     Other experts said such an atmospheric nuclear test is unlikely for now due to its substantial technical and diplomatic risks.  Joshua Pollack, editor of the Washington-based Nonproliferation Review, said it would be an  end-to-end demo of everything.   But I would be surprised if this were their very next move. They have yet to test an ICBM at full range into the Pacific,  said Pollack.  That will probably come first.  ",1
19349,"U.S. takes North Korea threat of H-bomb test seriously, Trump official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It would be a  game-changer  if North Korea conducts a hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific and the United States is taking the threat seriously, but it does not give  too much credence  to Pyongyang taking such action, a senior U.S. official said on Friday.  There s a certain amount of bluster that s taken for granted when you re dealing with North Korea,  the Trump administration official told Reuters. The official added, however, that  we have to some extent take it seriously.  The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there were questions whether North Korea had the capabilities to conduct such a test but declined to specify how the United States would respond.  It would be a game-changer in some sense,  the official said.  But I don t think we should give too much credence to it at the moment.  ",1
19350,Russia supports Iraq's territorial integrity: Lavrov,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told his Iraqi counterpart Ibrahim al-Jaafari that Moscow supported Iraq s territorial integrity and sovereignty, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday. Iraqi Kurds are expected to vote on Monday to back an independence drive that neighboring countries and Western powers fear could break up the country and stir broader regional ethnic and sectarian conflict.  The Russian side confirmed its constant support for the unity, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Iraq,  the ministry said in a statement.  ",1
19351,"Angry and ""invisible"", expat Britons await PM May in Florence","FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Expatriate Britons gathered in Florence on Friday to voice their frustration at how Brexit will impact them, awaiting the British prime minister s arrival in the Italian city to set out her vision for future ties with the European Union.  May will try to rescue the stalled talks over terms for Britain s exit from the EU in a speech that will be scrutinized to see if she can offer enough to EU negotiators to persuade them to move forward. Outside an imposing 14th century church in the center of the Tuscan city, protesters waved EU flags and posters showing May holding a burning passport. They called for the rights of British citizens living in other EU countries to be protected.  Rachel Pugh, a 48-year-old from north Wales who has lived in Florence since 1991, said she was worried about losing her rights to a pension in the future and had been left uninformed by the British government.  Who do we ask? The tooth fairy? Father Christmas? The Easter Bunny? Who can we trust? None of them,  she said, sporting EU and Welsh flags on her lapel.  We couldn t vote. We re invisible, in limbo.  Negotiations, which began three months ago, have effectively reached an impasse over the divorce, including the issue of how much Britain will have to pay to unspool more than 40 years of economic and political integration in the EU. Immigration was a key issue ahead of the June 2016 EU referendum in Britain, and millions who have moved smoothly between Britain and the rest of Europe are waiting nervously to see how their lives may change. Civil rights campaigner and former British member of parliament Roger Casale said he had come to Florence to show solidarity with all those who would be affected.  We think the EU should be setting an example and should give unilateral guarantees now to all Brits in Europe,  he said.  Citing media reports that British trade minister Liam Fox had described EU citizens living in Britain as possible  bargaining chips , Casale said May had  a hostile environment strategy vis a vis immigration, leaving people in a state of uncertainty . Britain is keen to start negotiating the terms of its new relationship with the bloc, and discontent over the slow progress and lack of clarity is also surfacing among voters. Visiting Florence on holiday, Malcolm Burley, a 70-year-old retired plumber from Leicestershire in central England, said he had voted to leave the EU and wanted a deal to be reached quickly.  (May) needs to go and get it sorted as soon as possible. Time is running out,  Burley said.  We need to get it sorted and make sure we get the correct deal for England.  ",1
19352,UK PM May says Brexit transition period to last around two years,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said that a Brexit implementation period would last for around two years.  During the implementation period, people will be continue to be able to come and live and work in the UK but there will be a registration system, an essential preparation for the new regime,  May said in Florence.  As of today, these considerations point to a implementation period of around two years,  she said. ",1
19353,Turkish missile deal with Russia reflects stormy relationship with NATO,"ABOARD THE TCG ALEMDAR (Reuters) - In blazing sunlight, two dozen U.S. and Turkish sailors on a NATO exercise lower an American diving bell from an advanced Turkish rescue ship, sending it deep under the Aegean Sea where it is secured to a submarine.     Part of a combined NATO rescue simulation this week off Turkey s southwest coast, the seamless cooperation at sea comes amidst a storm between Ankara and its alliance allies who are  concerned about its decades-old commitment to the organization. Under President Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, with NATO s second-biggest army, has sought to bolster ties with Russia and Iran.  In a clear sign of rapprochement, Ankara is buying a missile defense system from Russia - unnerving NATO officials, who are already wary of Moscow s military presence in the Middle East, as the system is incompatible with the alliance s systems.   Turkey said it opted for the S-400 anti-aircraft system because Western arms suppliers had not offered a  financially effective  alternative. The Pentagon said it expressed concern to Turkey about the deal.  They went crazy because we made the S-400 agreement. What were we supposed to do, wait for (them)?  Erdogan said recently.  If we have difficulty in obtaining any defense element from some places, if our initiatives are often frustrated by obstacles, what will we do? We will sort it out on our own.  Erdogan s frustration stems from Washington s support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG in the fight against Islamic State. Ankara sees the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has carried out an insurgency in Turkey s largely Kurdish southeast and is considered a terrorist organization by the United States and Europe as well as Turkey. The president was also angry that U.S. prosecutors charged his former economy minister for conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran. The indictment marked the first time an ex-government member with close ties to Erdogan had been charged in the investigation that has strained relations between Washington and Ankara.  Part of the reason Erdogan is doing this S-400 deal is he s angry with the U.S. over the indictment of the former economy minister as well as continued U.S. cooperation with the YPG,  said Soner Cagaptay, a fellow at the Washington Institute think-tank and author of  The New Sultan: Erdogan and the Crisis of Modern Turkey .  He s using the S-400 as a lever, in terms of bargaining, to convince Washington to change its mind on a number of issues.  Ties with Europe, especially Germany, were hit by Turkey s crackdown after last year s failed coup. Some 150,000 people were purged from the civil service, military and private sector and over 50,000 jailed, including German nationals. Alarmed by what it sees as Ankara s deteriorating record on human rights, Germany has said it would restrict some arms sales to Turkey. It initially announced a freeze on major arms sales, but scaled that back, citing the fight against Islamic State. Ankara also refused to allow German lawmakers to visit their troops stationed at an air base in Turkey. This has led Germany to move troops involved in the campaign against Islamic State from Turkey s Incirlik base to Jordan. Turkey rejects the idea it is turning away from the West.  The good relations Turkey has developed with Russia are not an alternative to the good relations it has with the West, they complement each other,  Erdogan spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said. Erdogan told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that Turkey s position in NATO had not been weakened by the deal. Still, some fear Turkey might eventually find itself at the periphery of the alliance.   Germany is our most important supplier of weapons after the United States,  said Umit Pamir, a former Turkish diplomat. He said the suspension of arms sales, would  surely impact our defense systems . Erdogan has been on a push to improve ties with Moscow after Turkey s economy, particularly its tourism industry, was shaken by sanctions imposed by Russia after Turkey shot down one of its warplanes over Syria in late 2015. He is due to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin next week to discuss a plan agreed by their countries and Iran to reduce the fighting in Syria s northwestern Idlib province. Turkey supports rebels against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is backed by Russia and Iran.  Erdogan plans to visit Iran next month. The two countries agreed in August to boost military cooperation when Iran s military chief, General Mohammad Baqeri, met Erdogan in a visit. The trip was the first by an Iranian military chief of staff to Turkey since the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran. While they back opposite sides in Syria, Ankara and Tehran have found some common ground over their opposition to the Kurdish independence referendum in Iraq. Both countries fear that an independent Kurdish state could inflame separatists tensions with their Kurdish minorities. Recent discord over the S-400 purchase did not signal a drastic break from NATO for Turkey, said Mustafa Kibaroglu, a professor of international relations at Turkey s MEF University. He said the West had over-reacted to the purchase.   I don t think there is any debate about Turkey leaving an alliance it has invested so much in,  Kibaroglu said.  Are we going to bring down U.S. planes with our S-400s?  he said.  There is no backbone to these comments, it is purely political polemics, and we are not the ones doing this.  ",1
19354,Kenya not at risk of constitutional crisis ahead of election re-run: top legal official,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya will not face a constitutional or political crisis even if a planned re-run of its presidential election, now set for Oct. 26, is delayed beyond the end of October, the attorney general said on Friday. The Supreme Court this month annulled President Uhuru Kenyatta s August 8 election win, citing irregularities, and ordered the election board to organize a new poll by the end of October. Kenyatta is expected to face off again with opposition leader Raila Odinga. Odinga s lead lawyer in a petition that led to the invalidation of Kenyatta s re-election, James Orengo, said on Wednesday that if the election were not held by the end of October, Kenyatta s term in office would cease, thrusting the country into a deep constitutional crisis.  The government now in office legitimately remains in office by full force of the constitution until the fresh election is complete and the new leader sworn in , Githu Muigai, the attorney general, told a news conference.  (Any delay in poll) does not delegitimize the constitutional order of the day... There is absolutely no chance of a crisis around the date because the election did take place and... we are again inside the election cycle,  he added. Odinga s NASA coalition said it believed Kenyatta s term would end 60 days after the Supreme Court ruling on Sept. 1 that nullified the August election. Odinga has said he will not take part in the election if certain conditions are not met, including the removal of some election board officials. Moses Wetangula, one of NASA s leaders, accused Muigai of misreading the constitution.  He s simply being mischievous,  Wetangula told a news conference also addressed by Odinga on Friday.  Kenya has the region s richest economy and is a key Western ally in a region often shaken by violence. The repeat election is being closely watched for signs of tension that could spark violence as in 2007 when more than 1,000 Kenyans were killed. This week Kenyatta accused the Supreme Court of staging a  coup  against the will of the people when it annulled his win, in a sign that the political rhetoric is heating up ahead of the new poll.    Odinga accused Kenyatta of dragging Kenya down the path of other African states that have suffered upheaval over elections, including Gambia. He added the opposition had lost hope that Kenyatta would  sober up, mature and see the need to stop . On Thursday the election board pushed back the date of the election re-run to Oct. 26 after a French firm whose technology is being used in the polls said it was nearly impossible to be ready for the originally scheduled date of Oct. 17. ",1
19355,PM May says EEA membership would not suit Britain after Brexit,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said during a major speech on Brexit on Friday that membership of the European Economic Area would not suit Britain after it leaves the EU and would lead to friction.  ",1
19356,UK PM May says Brexit talks have been at times tough but made progress,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that negotiations on Britain s departure from the European Union had been tough at points but made concrete progress.  We have now conducted three rounds of negotiations and while at times those negotiations have been tough it s clear that thanks to the professionalism and diligence of (negotiators) David Davis and Michel Barnier, we have made concrete progress on many important issues,  May said during a major speech on Brexit in Florence.  ",1
19357,Romanian deputy PM Shhaideh investigated for abuse of office,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian anti-corruption prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation against Deputy Prime Minister Sevil Shhaideh for suspected abuse of office in a land transfer case, they said on Friday. The probe against Shhaideh, 52, is the first high-profile investigation faced by the nine-month old Social Democrat (PSD) government in one of the European Union s most graft-prone member states. Shhaideh, also a minister for regional development, is a close ally of PSD leader Liviu Dragnea, who has received a suspended sentence for vote rigging and is currently on trial in a separate abuse of office case.    I was called here and I was informed ... I am a suspect, I cannot say more because the investigation is ongoing,  Shhaideh told reporters outside the prosecutors  headquarters.   I will make use of all my rights so as to be able to analyze the documents with my lawyer.  Prosecutors said in a statement that they suspected Shhaideh, at the time a deputy regional development minister, of helping in 2013 to illegally transfer 324 hectares (800 acres) of prime land near the Danube river from the state to the county council of Teleorman, which then leased it to private operators. The transfer was done through government bills, which the prosecutors said contravened the constitution as well as legislation concerning state property and national waters. Dragnea served as head of the Teleorman county council for more than a decade until 2012 and has had business ties to the region. Prosecutors are investigating four public servants in the case and have asked parliament to approve an investigation into Rovana Plumb, a lawmaker and currently minister in charge of European funds. They said they suspected Plumb, who was acting environment minister in 2013, of complicity in abuse of office. Under Romanian legislation, parliament must approve investigations against sitting lawmakers. Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels, which keeps its justice system under special monitoring, has praised magistrates for their efforts to curb graft. In August, the European Commission expressed concerns that a planned overhaul of the judiciary would undermine Romania s progress. [nL8N1LA6DLC]  The overhaul, which would give the politically appointed justice minister more control over the judiciary, comes half a year after government attempts to weaken the crackdown on high-level graft triggered Romania s largest street protests in decades.  Shhaideh, who comes from Romania s small Muslim community, was Dragnea s first pick for prime minister after last December s parliamentary election, but the centrist president, Klaus Iohannis, rejected her nomination. [nL5N1EM134]  ",1
19358,Germany expels second Vietnamese diplomat over 'Cold War-style' abduction,"Berlin (Reuters) - Germany said on Friday it had ordered a second Vietnamese embassy official to leave the country, after the alleged kidnapping of a Vietnamese businessman who had applied for asylum and was facing corruption allegations back home. Germany last month accused Vietnam s intelligence agency of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, who is wanted in the southeast Asian country on charges of financial mismanagement that caused losses of around $150 million. Officials at Vietnam s Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not immediately available for comment on Friday. Vietnam last month denied the accusations and said Thanh had returned home voluntarily.  We have also declared a second employee of the Vietnamese Embassy persona non grata,  a spokesman for the German Foreign Ministry said in a statement.   He now has four weeks to leave Germany with his family.  The Foreign Ministry also said German officials had informed the Vietnamese ambassador on Thursday that Germany was temporarily suspending the strategic relationship between the two countries. It added that Vietnam had not complied with demands to make an apology and provide assurances such incidents that broke German and international laws would not happen again. Federal prosecutors in August took over an investigation into the alleged kidnapping, citing new evidence that Thanh and a companion were likely taken to the Vietnamese embassy in Berlin before going back to Vietnam.  German media reported last month Thanh had been taken from the Tiergarten, a large forested park in central Berlin, by armed men on July 23. Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said in August he had been  taken out of Germany using methods which we believe one sees in thriller films about the Cold War . Czech authorities have arrested and extradited to Germany a Vietnamese intelligence agent suspected of involvement. Berlin and Hanoi in 2011 signed a strategic partnership declaration seeking to strengthen economic, political and cultural ties. Germany is Vietnam s main trading partner in the European Union. ",1
19359,UK PM May wants to be a strong friend to the EU,"FLORENCE, Italy (Reuters) - Britain wants to be a strong friend to the European Union and will not block reform, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday. ",1
19360,Russian submarine fires cruise missiles at jihadi targets in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian submarine fired cruise missiles at jihadi targets in Syria s Idlib province on Friday, the Russian Defence Ministry said, saying it had targeted Islamist militants who had tried to trap a group of Russian military policemen earlier in the week. The strike, launched from the Mediterranean by Russia s  Veliky Novgorod  submarine, was part of a counter-offensive against a jihadi attack on government-held parts of northwest Syria near Hama on Tuesday. The Russian Defence Ministry on Wednesday said 29 Russian military policemen had been surrounded by jihadis as a result of that attack and that Russia had been forced to break them out in a special operation backed by air power. On Friday, it said in a statement it had fired Kalibr cruise missiles at the same jihadis from a distance of 300 kilometers (186.41 miles) striking command centers, armored vehicles and the bases of jihadis who had taken part in the original attack. ",1
19361,Venezuela president brings Cuba donation in wake of hurricane,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro arrived in Cuba on Thursday evening in a surprise visit to bring a donation of goods after Hurricane Irma wreaked havoc on the Caribbean island, state-run media there said on Friday. Cuban President Raul Castro received Maduro at the Havana airport, state-run television showed. The two countries are close ideological and strategic allies against what they call U.S. imperialism.  This aid will contribute to making up for the damage caused by Hurricane Irma,  state-run radio station Radio Reloj said. Cuba and Venezuela became strategic allies in 2000 with the rise to power of Socialist Hugo Chavez in the South American country, which holds the world s largest oil reserves but is undergoing a major economic crisis. An agreement to exchange oil for medical and other technical services underlies their economic relationship and continues despite a drop in oil deliveries by Venezuela and payments to Cuba for services. Millions in Venezuela are suffering from food shortages and soaring inflation. ",1
19362,"Smaller EU states need stronger voice, not Brussels, says Czech election favorite","VARNSDORF, Czech Republic (Reuters) - The Czech Republic and smaller states like it should have a stronger voice in the European Union, not Brussels officials, the billionaire frontrunner in next month s parliamentary election said. Andrej Babis, head of the poll-leading ANO party, has been a critic of the EU s migration policy and says Prague should not adopt the common currency until the euro zone sorts itself out. Neighboring Hungary and Slovakia strongly oppose EU plans for migrant resettlement quotas for each member state, calling instead for stronger border controls. Babis has taken a similar tough line on the issue heading into the Oct. 20-21 election. In a campaign trail interview, Babis said member states needed more powers at the expense of the bloc s executive, led by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.  And he took shots at French President Emmanuel Macron, who has accused eastern member states of treating the EU like a  supermarket .   The heads of government and presidents must have stronger power and not Mr Juncker,  Babis told Reuters on Thursday in Varnsdorf, a town on the German border.  Mr Juncker s ideas are off the mark and that is also why the EU is viewed badly. (The EU) is a great project, we certainly need to stay in Europe, but we have to play a more active role.  The real solution to the migrant influx was to solve the conflicts driving people to flee their countries.  We will not solve the migration problem without solving problems in Libya or Syria,  he said. He said Brussels could not force member states to accept its policies.   I do not think there is a core Europe and that we are on the sidelines,  he said.  We need to fight for our Czech national interests.  Babis s ANO party, in a Social Democrat-led government since 2014, has a double-digit poll lead, putting him on course to be the next prime minister. But he is facing possible police charges that he abused EU subsidies almost a decade ago while heading his food, chemicals and media company Agrofert. Other parties say Babis should not  be in the next government if charged. Babis told Reuters the investigation was a political ploy, saying there was no reason he should not be in the next government. The Czech Republic has enjoyed solid growth in recent years and has the lowest unemployment in the EU. Wages are rising fast and the state posted its first budget surplus for 21 years in 2016. Babis was finance minister from 2014 until this May.  The businessman, who has placed his assets in a trust fund to meet conflict-of-interest legislation, said the state could be run more efficiently and could help the economy fulfil its potential. He said it was a paradox that EU states which failed to meet the bloc s rules limiting budget deficits, like France, were not punished.  Macron irked eastern states in June by saying countries could not pick and choose which EU rules they followed, referring to clashes including over the policy on migrants.  He is commenting on eastern Europe (but) should concentrate on France,  Babis said. The Czech Republic pledged when it joined the EU in 2004 to eventually adopt the euro. Babis asked why Czechs should be on the hook for Greece s debts.  In this moment it is not beneficial. I certainly don t want the euro,  he said.  (For a graphic on the Czeck legislative Election, click  tmsnrt.rs/2vO4hPW) ",1
19363,Zambia fears humanitarian crisis as influx of Congo refugees escalates,"LUSAKA (Reuters) - Zambia fears a looming humanitarian crisis after more than 6,000 refugees fleeing turmoil in neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) entered its territory in one month, the presidency said on Friday. Thousands of people have been killed and more than one million forced to flee their homes in the DRC s eastern Kasai region since the start of an insurrection nearly a year ago by the Kamuina Nsapu militia, which is demanding the withdrawal of military forces from the area. Zambia currently hosts some 59,195 refugees and other aslylum seekers, mostly from Angola, the DRC, Rwanda, Burundi, Somalia and Uganda, the United Nations refugee agency says. Zambian President Edgar Lungu raised the matter with South African President Jacob Zumba and will also discuss it with Angola s new president, Lungu s spokesman Amos Chanda told Reuters.  Zambia is concerned that the refugee situation could escalate and lead to a serious humanitarian crisis,  Chanda said.  In the last week 500 people have been entering every day, mainly in Luapula province. We have had in excess of 6,000 in just one month,  he added, referring to the refugees. They have been fleeing into northern Zambia to escape clashes between Congolese and different militias around the towns of Pweto and Moba, the UN refugee agency said.   The government and the UN refugee agency have managed so far to provide basic essentials and to settle the refugees in protected areas, Chanda said. The insurgency poses the most serious threat yet to the rule of Congo s President Joseph Kabila, whose refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December was followed by a wave of killings and lawlessness across the vast central African nation. Zuma, Lungu and outgoing Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos are worried about the deteriorating political situation in the DRC, Chanda said.  (The three leaders) desire to ensure that a retired African president be appointed to lead a process that must lead to a free and all-inclusive election in the DRC to help heal the tensions that are heightening conflicts leading to the refugee crisis,  he said. ",1
19364,British police feel strain from attacks after latest London bombing,"LONDON (Reuters) - Two of Britain s most senior officers said the pressure on the police forces was not sustainable after last week s attack on a packed London train became the fifth major attack this year. Fewer officers could make it harder to prevent future attacks and it will force difficult choices about where to put police resources, they said. A homemade bomb engulfed a train carriage in flames at Parsons Green underground station in west London last Friday injuring 30. Cressida Dick, London s police Commissioner, said it could have been much worse. Britain had previously faced four deadly incidents since March which killed a total of 36 people.  In the long run, if we continue with this level of threat, which is what people are predicting ... this is not sustainable for my police service,  Dick said in an interview on LBC radio. Six men have been arrested and four remain in custody since the Parsons Green attack.  That was a very very dangerous bomb. It partially detonated, it had a large quantity of explosive and it was packed with shrapnel. So it could have been so much worse,  Dick said.  While the bombing at Parsons Green was not deadly, the aftermath of the attack still saw extra police on the streets and the threat level raised a notch to critical. Interior minister Amber Rudd has announced an extra 24 million pounds ($32.55 million) of funding for counter-terrorism policing following the bombing, in addition to 707 million previously announced support for 2017/2018.  But while the government has committed to increase the overall spend on counter-terrorism by 3 billion pounds, Sara Thornton, head of National Police Chiefs  Council (NPCC), said that not enough of the budget would support frontline officers. There are about 20,000 fewer officers than there were when Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservatives came to power in 2010 and Thornton said numbers were at levels last seen in 1985 despite a 10 percent rise in crime last year.      Every time there s a terror attack, we mobilize specialist officers and staff to respond but the majority of the officers and staff responding come from mainstream policing,  she wrote  in a blog post on the NPCC website.   This puts extra strain on an already stretched service.  ",1
19365,Saudi cleric suspended over 'quarter-brain' women drivers quip,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A Saudi cleric who said women should not drive because their brains shrink to a quarter the size of a man s when they go shopping has been banned from preaching, state television said. Saad al-Hijri was suspended from all religious activity after advising against allowing women to drive in a speech that contained comments  diminishing human value , the broadcaster quoted a spokesman for the governor of Asir province as saying. Ultra-conservative Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world that bans women from driving, despite ambitious government targets to increase their public role, especially in the workforce. Women in the kingdom are also bound by law to wear long robes and a headscarf and require the consent of a male guardian for most legal actions. In a video identifying him as the head of the religious edicts department in the southern province, Hijri asked what the traffic department would do it if it discovered a man with only half a brain.  Would it give him a license or not? It would not. So how can it give it to a woman when she has only half?  he said.  If she goes to the market she loses another half. What is left? A quarter...We demand the traffic department check because she is not suitable to drive and she has only a quarter.  The comments sparked anger on social media, which is hugely popular in the kingdom. Twitter users shared the video, many criticising it and making jokes about his remarks, under the Arabic hashtag  Al-Hijri_women_quarter_brain  Some users posted pictures of Saudi female scientists and academics in response and questioned Hijri s own intellectual capacities. His suspension, ordered by the provincial governor, was aimed at preventing the spread of views that spark controversy and do not serve the national interest, the provincial spokesman said, according to Ekhbariya TV s official Twitter account. Any others who used religious platforms to preach such views would also be banned. The government s modernizing reforms, backed by Saudi Arabia s business class, have sparked tensions with influential clerics upon whose support the ruling family relies. Some clerics have millions of followers on social media. ",1
19366,"India using chilli sprays, stun grenades to dissuade Rohingya influx","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has stepped up security along its largely porous eastern border with Bangladesh and is using  chilli and stun grenades  to block the entry of Rohingya Muslims fleeing from violence in their homeland of Myanmar, officials said on Friday. Border forces in Hindu-majority India, which wants to deport around 40,000 Rohingya already living in the country, citing security risks, have been authorized to use  rude and crude  methods to stop any infiltration attempts.   We don t want to cause any serious injury or arrest them, but we won t tolerate Rohingya on Indian soil,  said a senior official with the Border Security Force (BSF) in New Delhi.  We re using grenades containing chilli spray to stop hundreds of Rohingyas trying to enter India ... the situation is tense,  added the official, who declined to be identified as he was not authorized to speak to media. More than 420,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when a coordinated attack by Rohingya insurgents on Myanmar security forces triggered a counteroffensive, killing at least 400 people, mainly militants. The United Nations has called the assault a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Densely populated Bangladesh is struggling to shelter all the refugees desperate for space to set up shacks, sparking worries in India that the influx could spill into its territory. R.P.S. Jaswal, a deputy inspector general of the BSF patrolling a large part of the border in India s eastern state of West Bengal, said his troops were told to use both chilli grenades and stun grenades to push back the Rohingya. A chilli grenade makes use of a naturally-occurring compound in chilli powder to cause severe irritation and temporarily immobilize its target. Prime Minister Narendra Modi s Hindu nationalist government is growing increasingly hostile towards the Rohingya in India, with Home Minister Rajnath Singh calling on Thursday for their deportation as illegal migrants. Seeking to get legal clearance for the deportation plan, the home ministry told the Supreme Court this week it would confidentially provide it with intelligence information showing Rohingya links with Pakistan-based militants. Most of the peaceloving refugees had no link to criminal activity, two Rohingya men protesting against the deportation move told India s top court on Friday. An official of India s federal investigations agency said it was seeking help from Muslim religious leaders to step up surveillance of the Rohingya. Police have arrested a suspected al Qaeda member they believe was trying to recruit Rohingya in the country to fight security forces in Myanmar. More than 270 Rohingya have been in Indian jails since 2014.  Our investigations have revealed that Al Qaeda wants to use India and Bangladesh as their base to start a religious war against Myanmar,  said New Delhi police official Pramod Singh Khuswah.  Clearly they are a threat to our security.  ",1
19367,U.S. Commerce chief says expanded North Korean sanctions show China's waning support: CNBC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Expanded negotiations against North Korea announced on Thursday would  be very  good if they succeed in cutting off imported goods, and showed lessening support from China toward Pyongyang, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC in an interview on Friday.  I think that move by the Chinese central bank was important... From the physical point of view of limiting the trade ... But even more importantly, it sent a very powerful message to North Korea that China is not being as supportive of them as it had been,  said Ross, who is scheduled to visit Beijing this weekend. ",1
19368,"Filipino bishops urge bell-ringing, prayers to protest bloody drugs war","MANILA (Reuters) - Stepping up a campaign against President Rodrigo Duterte s bloody war on drugs, Catholic bishops in the Philippines have called for church bells to be rung for the next 40 nights, and congregations to light candles and pray for the killing to end. A pastoral letter by Catholic Bishops  Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) sent to priests urged Catholics to pray for victims from Saturday until All Saints  Day on Nov. 1, when Filipinos traditionally pay respects to the dead. More than 3,800 people have been killed in anti-drugs operations in the past 15 months and at least 2,100 murders are suspected of being drug-related, according to police data, though human rights groups believe the numbers are understated.  The relentless and bloody campaign against drugs that shows no sign of abating impels us, your bishops, to declare: In the name of God, stop the killings!  Archbishop Socrates Villegas, the head of the CBCP, said in the letter.  Such messages are typically read aloud in church or distributed to their congregations. Many Catholic churches in the capital have already started lighting candles and ringing bells for five minutes each day at 8 p.m.. Thousands of Filipinos rallied against Duterte on Thursday to protest against what they fear is an emerging dictatorship, and several churches held mass against the killings and urged people to renounce violence.  The bishops are among the most influential dissenting voices to come out against the Duterte s uncompromising strategy. Having been largely silent on the issue when it first erupted last year, priests have increasingly taken a stand against the anti-drugs campaign. As bodies started to appear nightly in Manila s slums, the church stepped up its opposition, denouncing the killings and in some cases, providing sanctuary to witnesses of killings and drug users who feared they could be targeted. Villegas said the country s bishops were firmly against drugs, but killing was not the solution and prayer was  the most powerful weapon in our arsenal . Rights groups dispute official police accounts that say drug suspects were killed because they violently resisted arrest. Critics accuse police of executing users and small-time dealers and planting evidence, which police reject. Pablo Virgilio David, bishop in Manila s Caloocan City, where large numbers of drug-related killings have taken place, urged the authorities to end the killings and let healing begin.  We disagree that we should treat them like monsters to be eliminated like stray cats and dogs,  he said of drug users and criminals.  We disagree that a criminal has no more hope of changing his life.  ",1
19369,South African minister calls for ANC to discipline Zuma: report,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress should discipline President Jacob Zuma for bringing the party into disrepute, housing minister and presidential hopeful Lindiwe Sisulu said on Friday. Sisulu s comments are the latest swipe taken at Zuma by former allies as the ANC fractures ahead of an elective conference in December where a new party leader will be chosen. Zuma can remain head of state until a 2019 parliamentary election. Sisulu, a veteran cabinet minister who comes from a prominent family in the struggle against apartheid, is seen as an outside bet to succeed Zuma. She said a report presented at the ANC s policy conference in July found that scandals surrounding Zuma had caused tensions and disquiet within the party.  If we all agreed at the policy conference that that is what happened to the president, why was he not taken through a disciplinary process?  Sisulu told Eyewitness News, a domestic news service.  I have been insisting that there must be a disciplinary process so that if there is an interpretation that you put the ANC into disrepute, that is an offense.  Spokesmen for Sisulu and Zuma did not respond to calls for comment. Members of the ANC have called for Zuma to step down in recent months following a series of corruption scandals, a much-criticized cabinet reshuffle and a failure to handle an economy that slipped into recession this year. Lawmaker Makhosi Khoza, a strident critic of Zuma, quit the ANC on Thursday, labeling Nelson Mandela s 105-year-old liberation movement  alien and corrupt . Nkosozana Dlamini-Zuma, former chair of the African Union and Zuma s ex-wife, and Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa are viewed as the frontrunners to take over as ANC leader. Dlamini-Zuma has the support of Zuma s powerful faction within the ANC while unionist-turned-business tycoon Ramaphosa is more popular with investors. ",1
19370,Tillerson stresses diplomacy on North Korea amid threats: ABC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday acknowledged that escalating tensions with North Korea were challenging but said diplomatic efforts will continue amid harsh rhetoric and threats of military confrontation.  We are quite challenged but our diplomatic efforts continue unabated,  Tillerson said in an interview with ABC.  We have put in place the strongest economic sanctions ever to have been assembled against (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un.   So he is being tested with the sanctions, voices from every corner of the world.  ",1
19371,"In South Korea, daily stresses outweigh North Korea missile worries","SEOUL (Reuters) - Soon after North Korea tested its sixth and largest nuclear bomb earlier this month, You Jae-youn, a 32-year-old South Korean office worker, swiftly put the news behind her to focus on more immediate worries.  We have more than enough to concern ourselves with in our everyday lives. Personally, I worry more about how much it s going to cost me to put food on the table (than North Korea),  said You, from Sejong city in central South Korea.  Talk of North Korea honestly feels distant to me.      For most ordinary South Koreans, living for decades under the threat of war with their hostile and now nuclear-armed neighbor, more mundane concerns are what keep them up at night - jobs, the economy and the pressures that have accompanied South Korea s rapid development since the end of fighting with the North in 1953. Indeed, evidence suggests South Koreans have become increasingly indifferent to the threat of war, with civil defense drills largely ignored and surveys showing fewer people expect a conflict now than a quarter of a century ago.   According to a Gallup Korea poll earlier this month, 58 percent of South Koreans said they don t think another war will break out on the Korean peninsula, the second-highest percentage  since the survey first began in 1992.  (For graphic on nuclear North Korea, click tmsnrt.rs/2n0gd92) Since then, the percentage of South Korean who expect another war has been gradually decreasing, down to 37 percent in the latest survey, despite a surge in missile tests under third generation leader Kim Jong Un.  The two Koreas are still technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty.   People say the war hasn t technically ended but those in my generation have never seen war. It seems like a vague reality to me,  said Kim Hye-ji, a 27-year-old graphic designer.  That s why even when people say it s dangerous, I can t really feel it. All my friends are more worried about their jobs.  South Korea s high-tech, export-driven economy is currently struggling to shake off slow growth that threatens to become a long-term trend.  Job security is another concern, with twice the number of workers temporarily employed in South Korean than the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) average, while youth unemployment grew for four straight years through 2013 to 2016. The downturn has only intensified South Korea s hyper-competitive school and work environment which has been blamed for contributing to the country s high incidence of stress and suicide. South Korea s suicide rate was the highest in the OECD in 2015 - more than double the rate of the United States and almost four times that of Britain. Financial problems, illnesses, loneliness and relationship issues are leading causes for depression that later lead to suicide in South Korea, according to a recent presentation at the Korea Association for Suicide Prevention. North Korea didn t rate a mention.  The majority of those who come to us for stress management do so for real things in their lives, like job hunting. Even those employed come to us because of trouble they have adjusting to the workplace,  Sim Min-young, a psychiatrist specializing in anxiety and stress disorders at South Korea s National Centre for Mental Health.  They don t come to talk about North Korea.  Sim says if South Koreans were faced with a threat such as Hurricane Irma in the United States, they would be proactively doing something - creating evacuation plans, looking into shelters. But nuclear attacks render people helpless and they stop thinking about what they can actually do.  But when we think of a nuclear bomb detonating just a few kilometers away from us, we don t know what we can realistically do to protect ourselves,  Sim said. For the minority worried about war, options are limited. Some have made contingency plans to evacuate beyond the reach of North Korea s artillery. Sales have ticked up of emergency supplies including  war bags , containing items such as fire starters, whistles and food packages.  Others have sought spiritual solace. Churches have been addressing North Korea more in sermons and prayer sessions, says Choi Ei-woo, the head pastor at Chongkyo Methodist Church in downtown Seoul.  I don t think there will be a war, but there could be unexpected actions that could lead to one. I am praying for God to lead us through this time,  said Choi.     Lee Chul-hyee, 63, has been praying more since he retired from the South Korean army six years ago and has also been giving lectures at town halls and churches to share his knowledge based on his military background.   At a Buddhist temple in central Seoul, 59-year-old Mun Myung-ha said she too has been coming to pray more in hopes that a war will not break out.  North Korea is conducting more nuclear tests and every time I turn on the news my heart starts beating like crazy,  said Mun. Some itching for a peek into the future have been visiting fortune-tellers.  Six out of 10 customers are now including a question about whether there will be a war, in addition to their usual queries on love and marriage, a traditional shaman using the name Byeorakdaegam told Reuters.  Back in January or February no one asked me about war but now that s changed,  said Byeorakdaegam, whose real name is Jang Yong-jun.   I ask them back whether they ve been hoarding food or water and all of them say no. Then I assure them my gods tell me there will be no war,  he said, passing a string of large wooden beads through one hand. ",1
19372,Trump says North Korea's Kim 'will be tested like never before',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea s Kim Jong Un  will be tested like never before,  U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday as the two leaders continued to trade insults and Pyongyang threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean.  Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn t mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before,  Trump tweeted, one day after announcing additional sanctions on Pyongyang. ",1
19373,China's ruling Communist Party expels former Gansu party boss for graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party has expelled a former party boss of northwestern Gansu province, the country s anti-graft agency said on Friday, after an investigation showed he received bribes and was involved in  superstitious activities .  In a statement on its website, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said Wang Sanyun, who was appointed as Gansu s party secretary in late 2011, had been  passive  in implementing the party s key policies,  seriously derelict  in his duties and accepted bribes and gifts in exchange for offering promotions.  The case has been referred to prosecutors, it said.  Wang, 64, had violated disciplinary regulations by frequenting  private clubs , the statement said, adding that he had also been involved in  superstitious activities  over a prolonged period of time, without elaborating. It was not possible to reach Wang or a representative for comment and it was unclear whether he had been allowed to retain a lawyer.  Wang was demoted from his post in Gansu in April to serve on a less prominent special committee of the national legislature, before being detained and placed under investigation in July. Separately, the commission said that the former president of the country s second-largest coal producer China Coal Energy Company Ltd, Gao Jianjun, would also be prosecuted for suspected graft after a party investigation found he took bribes and abused his power. It was not possible to reach Gao or a representative for comment. The company did not answer calls out of business hours early on Friday evening. Gao was put under investigation in May. President Xi Jinping has presided over a far-reaching anti-corruption drive since coming to power in 2012, punishing more than a million party members, jailing top military figures and retired security tsar Zhou Yongkang, the most senior official toppled for corruption since 1949.     ",1
19374,"Trump, Ghani agree U.S. can help develop Afghanistan's rare earth minerals","(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Thursday backed having companies from the United States develop Afghanistan s reserves of rare earth minerals, despite formidable obstacles to industrial mining in the country. The comments, at a meeting in New York, were the latest in a series in which both U.S. officials and the Afghan government have emphasized the potential strategic value of Afghanistan s vast and largely untapped mineral reserves. Both leaders also reiterated their commitment to Trump s new South Asia strategy to defeat terrorism. But after 16 years in Afghanistan, the U.S. is looking for ways to offset the billions of dollars spent every year in propping up the government in Kabul and mining is increasingly being seen as a way to do that.  They agreed that such initiatives would help American companies develop materials critical to national security while growing Afghanistan s economy and creating new jobs in both countries, therefore defraying some of the costs of United States assistance as Afghans become more self-reliant,  the White House said. The U.S. Geological Survey has estimated the potential value of Afghanistan s minerals, including gold and gemstones as well as substances like lithium and rare earths vital in modern electronics, at as much as $1 trillion. But a lack of even basic transport and industrial infrastructure as well as a growing insurgency that has taken almost half the country out of government control has meant minerals have been impossible to exploit economically. Prices of some rare earths have shot up recently as demand for electric vehicle technology has grown, fuelling some talk that their value could compensate for the higher risks in getting them out of the ground. In addition, the rare earths sector is overwhelmingly dominated by China, causing some concern in Washington that Beijing has a stranglehold on raw materials vital to modern defense technology and prompting an interest in finding alternative sources. However, it remains unclear how a feasible development plan in Afghanistan could be developed in the future.  Extracting the minerals remains a difficult and costly process and the fact that large parts of the economic reserves of rare earths in Afghanistan are located in Helmand province, now mostly under Taliban control, mean that miners are likely to look at easier opportunities elsewhere. Mike Harrowell, an analyst at research firm Harwind, based in Sydney, said attempting rare earths extraction in Afghanistan at the moment  makes no sense on almost any level  unless it were treated as a government-funded, nation-building project.  It s not a simple business, and the technology is quite tightly held. It costs a lot,  he said.  There are so many well-studied projects in North America that were assessed during the rare earths boom after 2010 that still require funding. You would do any of those projects before you d do one in Afghanistan . ",1
19375,Kremlin 'deeply concerned' by rising tension on Korean peninsula,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow is deeply concerned by the escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula caused by the continued war of words between the United States and North Korea, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday.  Moscow is convinced that there is no alternative to a political and diplomatic settlement of the North Korean problem,  he told a conference call with reporters.  He said the situation was being further aggravated by  the swapping of silly statements full of threats . The Kremlin was reacting to U.S. President Donald Trump s statement in which he vowed to destroy North Korea, leading the reclusive nation to declare that it might test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean. ",1
19376,Kenyan president says Supreme Court election ruling was 'coup'," (Corrects Sept. 21 story to remove reference to constitutional crisis if poll not held within 60 days, paragraph 15) By George Obulutsa and John Ndiso NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Thursday the country s Supreme Court staged a  coup  against the will of the people when it annulled his win in last month s presidential election, his toughest rhetoric yet in the wake of the Aug. 8 vote. His remarks came on the same day that the election board announced the repeat election had been delayed until Oct. 26. The president s criticism comes as Kenya s political temperature is heating up, reviving fears of political violence. Clashes killed around 1,200 people following a disputed 2007 presidential vote.   A coup in Kenya has just been done by the four people in the Supreme Court,  Kenyatta said in a televised meeting with supporters, delivered mostly in Kiswahili.  (The court is saying)  numbers don t matter, it is processes that matter.  Immediately following the court s surprise Sept. 1 ruling to annul the vote, Kenyatta had called for calm and respect for the ruling. But he later started to criticize the court. The decision to nullify the race on procedural grounds was the first time a judicial body canceled the election of an incumbent African president.  Kenya, a Western ally, has East Africa s richest economy and is a hub for diplomacy, security and trade in a region often battered by conflict. Any sign of political instability sends ripples through the region.  The election board had said last month that Kenyatta won the Aug. 8 vote by 1.4 million more votes than his chief rival, veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga, who contested the result in court.  Four judges and two dissenting judges gave a detailed case for voiding the election   or upholding it   in a marathon 12-hour court session on Wednesday.  Kenyatta said in a televised news conference that the court had failed to adequately examine evidence that would have buttressed his win.  The Supreme Court owes Kenyans an explanation how such a monstrous injustice took place,  he said.  It (the ruling) also now has the potential to throw our country into judicial chaos.  He said lower courts could follow the precedent and overturn the will of voters in other electoral contests, like local or legislative seats, adding he had asked parliament to address the issues raised by the judgment.  On Thursday, the cabinet approved 10 billion shillings ($97 million) to fund the repeat election.  Odinga has said he will not take part in the repeat vote unless a list of demands, including firing of some senior staff at the election board, are met. The court said it had found no evidence of individual culpability by the staff of the board. The court ruled that the country must hold the election by the end of October. The court s detailed judgment given on Wednesday hinged on the failure of the election board to check electronic tallies, which are vulnerable to typos, against paper forms intended as a fail-safe backup before announcing results. Judges did not say they found evidence of rigging.  Kenyatta said he would respect the court s decision but said it subverted the will of the people.   We have reversed everything in this country by the decision of a few people. I don t know how history will judge these gentlemen,  he said.  The citizen has been told he does not have a voice ... If that is not dictatorship, then I don t know what to say.  ",1
19377,Australian court rules senator was British citizen when nominated,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s High Court on Friday said nationalist politician and senator Malcolm Roberts was a citizen of Britain at the time of his nomination to parliament s upper house. Australia s parliament has been rocked by revelations that seven politicians, three ministers among them, are dual citizens, potentially ruling them ineligible to hold elected office. Friday s ruling means that the parliamentary fate of Roberts, like that of his counterparts with dual citizenships at the time of their election, will be decided next month by the high court. Even if the One Nation senator is forced to step down, however, the ruling coalition will be unaffected, since the government does not control the Senate.   I find that Senator Roberts was a citizen of the United Kingdom by descent at the time of his nomination,  Justice Patrick Keane said in his findings on the High Court website. Reuters  telephone calls to Roberts to seek comment went unanswered. A 116-year-old law requires elected lawmakers to hold only Australian citizenship.  But some politicians have discovered they hold dual citizenship by descent from a father born in another country, with a few born overseas, while one prominent lawmaker has said his mother obtained Italian citizenship on his behalf.   ",1
19378,Thai authorities close in on Yingluck's escape accomplices,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai authorities are closing in on the people who helped former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra flee the country last month, Thai Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan said on Friday. Shinawatra, 50, whose government was ousted by the military in 2014, disappeared from Thailand shortly before a Supreme Court verdict in a negligence case against her. The deputy prime minister told the media that Yingluck left Thailand by crossing to neighboring Cambodia by land via the Aranyaprathet border district in Sa Kaeo province, almost 300 km (186 miles) east of the capital Bangkok. He said authorities had seized a vehicle believed to have been used to take Yingluck to the Cambodian border. The vehicle was found near a house in Nakhon Pathom province, north of Bangkok. Police said the owner, based on the car registration, did not match the person who had the car at the time. Three police officers were questioned on Thursday night. Prawit said the three men admitted to helping drive Yingluck to the border, but no charges have yet been filed.  All three of them gave us useful information. We are working on the investigation and consolidation of the evidence,  deputy national police chief General Srivara Rangsibrahmanakul said. A police source who does not wish to be named told Reuters that the ongoing investigation has revealed that a former police chief who has closed relationship with the Shinawatra family  masterminded Yingluck s escape. Yingluck s whereabouts remain unknown. The Supreme Court has issued an arrest warrant against Yingluck and rescheduled the verdict for her negligence case to Sept. 27. Yingluck faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of negligence over a costly rice subsidy scheme that helped to bring her to power in a 2011 general election. Yingluck has accused the military government of political persecution. She pleaded innocent to the negligence charge. ",1
19379,Syrian activist and daughter murdered in Istanbul home: Turkish police,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A Syrian opposition activist and her journalist daughter have been found murdered in their apartment in Istanbul, the Istanbul police department said on Friday. The bodies of 60-year-old Orouba Barakat and her 22-year-old daughter Halla were found overnight in their apartment in Istanbul s Uskudar neighborhood in the Asian side of the city. Turkish media reports said Orouba Barakat was investigating  alleged torture in prisons run by the Syrian government. It said she had initially lived in Britain, then the United Arab Emirates before coming to Istanbul.  The hand of tyranny and injustice assassinated my sister Doctor Orouba and her daughter Halla in their apartment in Istanbul,  Orouba s sister Shaza wrote on Facebook, adding that they were stabbed to death.  Orouba wrote headlines in the first page and she pursued criminals and exposed them. Her name and her daughter s name, Hala, now made first page headlines,  Shaza added. Since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war in 2011, Turkey has become home to almost three million Syrian refugees, many of them opponents of the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. ",1
19380,U.S. Navy carrier drills with Japanese navy amid North Korean tension,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy carrier Ronald Reagan is conducting drills with Japanese warships in seas south of the Korean peninsula, Japan s military said on Friday, in a show of naval power as Pyongyang threatens further nuclear and missile tests. The Reagan strike group will conduct a separate drill with the South Korean Navy in October, the defense ministry said in a statement distributed to South Korean lawmakers on Monday.  The 100,000-ton Reagan, which is based in Japan, and its escort ships have been holding drills with Japanese navy vessels since Sept 11 in waters south and west of Japan s main islands, the Japan Maritime Self Defence Force said in a statement.  That exercise with the three Japanese warships, including two destroyers and one of the country s two biggest helicopter carriers, the Ise, will run until Sept 28, it added.  The U.S. and regional allies are responding with military drills, including bomber and jet fighter flights near the Korean peninsula, as Pyongyang pursues its nuclear and missile programs, with an apparent hydrogen bomb test and two ballistic missile firings over Japan in recent weeks.  North Korea on Friday said it might test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean after U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to destroy the country. ",1
19381,Tunisian navy rescues 78 migrants off coast,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s navy rescued 78 migrants including two girls after their vessel en route to Europe took on water off the coast of Chebba and was stranded for three days, the defense ministry said on Friday. Human traffickers increasingly use Tunisia as a launch pad for migrants heading for Europe after Libya s coastguard aided by armed groups tightened its controls.  Naval forces rescued 78 illegal Tunisian migrants 70 kilometers east of the coast of Chebba on board a boat that was damaged and leaking water,  the ministry said in statement, adding that nobody died in the incident.     Tunisia has been praised for its democratic progress after a 2011 uprising against autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali but successive governments have failed to create jobs for young people, some of whom head to Europe to seek work. ",1
19382,Rockets hit Damascus airport area in probable Israeli attack: report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Two rockets struck near Damascus airport at dawn on Friday, Lebanese TV station al-Mayadeen reported, an attack it said had probably been carried out by Israeli warplanes from outside Syria s borders. Al-Mayadeen gave no further details in the report carried in a news flash on screen. An Israeli military spokeswoman declined to comment on the reports of the air strike, saying:  We do not respond to such reports.  Earlier this month, the Syrian army reported an Israeli air strike on a military site in Syria s Hama province. Israel says it has hit arms convoys of the Syrian military and its Iranian-backed ally Hezbollah nearly 100 times in the past five years. Israel, which fought a 2006 war with Hezbollah, sees red lines in the shipment to the powerful Shi ite group of anti-aircraft missiles, precision ground-to-ground missiles and chemical weapons. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors Syria s civil war, said the attack earlier this month was on a facility of the Scientific Studies and Research Centre, an agency which the United States describes as Syria s chemical weapons manufacturer. Syria s government denies using chemical arms. In 2013 it promised to surrender its chemical weapons, which it says it has done. ",1
19383,Japan court rules Tepco liable over Fukushima: media,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A court in Japan on Friday ordered Tokyo Electric Power (Tepco) to pay compensation to a group of former Fukushima residents, the second such ruling following the 2011 earthquake and nuclear disaster, Japanese media reported. However, the ruling by the Chiba district court, east of Tokyo, did not find the government liable for compensation, in contrast to a March ruling in another court that ordered both the government and Tepco to pay compensation to a separate group of evacuees. Tepco is facing mounting legal claims over the disaster, with about 12,000 former Fukushima residents filing about 30 similar class action lawsuits seeking compensation, media reports said. In the Chiba case, a group of 45 residents sought damages totaling about 2.8 billion yen ($25 million) for the emotional distress of fleeing their homes as radiation spread from the meltdowns at Tepco s Fukushima Daiichi plant after an earthquake and tsunami more than six ago. Tepco was ordered to pay a total of 376 million yen ($3.36 million) for 42 of the evacuees, Kyodo and Jiji reported. Tepco on Friday said it would review the contents of the ruling before making a response. Some 15,000 people died in March 2011 when three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant suffered meltdowns after a magnitude 9 earthquake triggered a tsunami that devastated a swathe of Japan s northeastern coastline. Tepco has long been criticized for ignoring the threat posed by natural disasters to the Fukushima plant and both the company and government were lambasted for their handling of the crisis.  In December, the government nearly doubled its projections for costs related to the disaster to 21.5 trillion yen ($192 billion), increasing pressure on Tepco to step up reform and improve its performance. ",1
19384,Roadside bomb kills four in Thailand's troubled south: security official,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A roadside bomb planted by suspected Muslim insurgents killed four army rangers and wounded six, including a civilian, in southern Thailand on Friday, a security official said.  A decades old-separatist insurgency in predominantly Buddhist Thailand s largely Muslim provinces of Yala, Pattani, and Narathiwat has killed more than 6,500 people since 2004.  The bomb was planted under a road that was being built in Pattani, the security official said.  The group that planted the bomb is using old techniques in order to create instability in the region. They planted the bomb under a road currently under construction,  said Pramote Prom-in, a spokesman for security forces in the region. Friday s blast followed roadside bombs last week that killed two soldiers and wounded more than 20 people in Yala. There was no claim of responsibility for the blast, which is usually the case in Thailand s deep south, where insurgents are fighting for secession. Thailand s three southernmost provinces were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate until they were annexed in 1909. ",1
19385,China urges North Korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged North Korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course and called on the United States to stick to promises of non-aggression towards Pyongyang, according to a statement release by the ministry on Friday.  No matter the changes in circumstance, no matter how long it takes, not matter the difficulties we face, China will always persist in the goal of denuclearizing the peninsula, in moving towards talks,  Wang said, speaking at the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday. ",1
19386,China welcomes Myanmars efforts to alleviate situation in Rakhine,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China welcomes the measures taken by Myanmar s government to alleviate the situation in Rakhine state.  Wang made the comments in New York on Thursday on during a meeting on the sidelines of the annual United Nations General Assembly with Myanmar officials, according to a Foreign Ministry statement. More than 400,000 Muslim Rohingya have fled from Rakhine across the border to Bangladesh following a counter-insurgency offensive by Myanmar s army in the wake of militant attacks on security forces. U.N. officials have described Myanmar s strategy as  ethnic cleansing .  ",1
19387,"Iran unveils a ballistic missile with range of 2,000 km: Tasnim news","LONDON (Reuters) - Iran s Tasnim news agency reported on Friday that the country had unveiled a new ballistic missile with range of 2,000 km (1,200 miles), capable of carrying several warheads. The report, which gave few other details, quoted the head of the Revolutionary Guards  aerospace division, Amirali Hajizadeh, speaking on the sidelines of a military parade in Tehran. ",1
19388,Britain will meet its Brexit financial obligations: minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will meet its financial obligations when it leaves the European Union, transport minister Chris Grayling said on Friday, hours before Prime Minister Theresa May makes a high-stakes speech to reset Brexit talks. May, weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority in a June election, is hoping to move talks forward with the EU in a speech in Florence, Italy, on Friday. According to Grayling, the speech will set out the principles of a future relationship.  It s not about the specific purpose of where we might end up at that point in the negotiations ... what she is doing is setting out today the principles of a future relationship, she is talking about how we move the negotiations forward,  Grayling told BBC radio. Asked whether reports that Britain will offer a financial settlement to the EU are correct, Grayling said:  We are a nation that meets its obligations. Of course we absolutely accept that Britain has obligations ... but what we are looking to do though, is not simply today to start talking about the nuts and bolts of negotiation.  ",1
19389,British police release two men in Parsons Green attack probe,"(Reuters) - British police said they have released two men arrested as part of the investigation into last week s Tube attack in Parsons Green, London, which injured 30 people. A 21-year-old man arrested in Hounslow on Sept. 16 and a 48-year-old man arrested in Newport on Sept. 20 were released by the police with no further action, the police said in a statement on late Thursday. bit.ly/2hnqiem  We have four males in custody and searches are continuing at four addresses. Detectives are carrying out extensive inquiries to determine the full facts behind the attack,  the police said.  A home-made bomb went off on Sept. 15 during the morning rush hour on a packed underground Tube train at Parsons Green station, sending flames through the carriage, although it appeared that the device did not fully explode. It was the fifth major militant incident in Britain this year. The Islamic State militant group, which had said it was behind several attacks on Western cities in recent years, including two attacks in London and one in Manchester this year, claimed responsibility for the latest attack. ",1
19390,"Fearing far-right surge, Merkel tells Germans to vote on Sunday"," BERLIN (Reuters) - Fears in Germany that voter apathy could boost the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) in Sunday s election have driven Chancellor Angela Merkel and her main rival in final days of the campaign to urge their backers to go out and vote.  With many voters viewing a fourth term for Merkel as almost inevitable and turned off by a turgid campaign - occasionally punctured by heckling and tomato hurling in protest at Merkel's refugee policy - pollsters say turnout may be low.  A GMS poll on Thursday said those not planning to vote or were undecided numbered 34 percent, higher than the 29 percent who did not vote in the last election in 2013.   My request to everyone is that they vote, and vote for those parties that adhere 100 percent to our constitution,  Merkel told MDR radio on Thursday, pointing to the AfD which has been likened by some commentators to Hitler s Nazis.  Some of its members have called for Germans to rewrite the history books on Nazi era and the party has been dogged by rows over Holocaust denial, a crime in Germany.  Although polls show conservative Merkel, trusted by stability-loving Germans to stand up to unpredictable leaders in the United States, Russia and Turkey, is on track to win, the shape of her coalition is wide open.  Most pollsters say a low turnout could boost the AfD which has gained popularity by focusing on migration and security.  Poised to be the first far-right party to enter Germany s parliament in over half a century, comments by some top members have caused outrage. This month, one leader said Germany should be proud of its soldiers achievements in World War Two.  Allensbach pollster Renate Koecher told Die Zeit weekly that much depended on turnout.  Willingness to vote  was strongest among conservative and AfD supporters, she said. Most undecideds were FDP, Green and Left voters, indicating that a higher turnout would help the smaller parties on the left, she said.  The two biggest blocs have dipped slightly in most polls in the last month or so while some of the smaller parties have inched up.  In the GMS survey, the AfD was up two points at 10 percent.  Merkel s conservative bloc slipped one percentage point to 37 percent and her main opponent, the Social Democrats (SDP), were unchanged on 22 percent. SPD leader Martin Schulz has also urged his supporters to vote, saying  everything is still possible .  In a highly unusual intervention this week, Merkel s right-hand man Peter Altmaier, head of the chancellor s office, stirred controversy by suggesting it would be better for Germans not to vote at all rather than vote for the AfD.  SPD Justice Minister Heiko Maas accused him of helping the AfD.  Telling people not to vote is helping the AfD s campaign, that s exactly what they want,  he said.  The latest surveys suggest coalition options are limited to another grand coalition of Merkel s conservatives with the SPD or a three-way  Jamaica  alliance of the conservatives, FDP and Greens which could limit Merkel s room for maneuver on euro zone reform.   Before the last-minute mobilization efforts by parties, the only realistic coalition option, apart from a grand coalition, is one of the conservatives, FDP and Greens,  said GMS.  Both the Greens and FDP - who are at opposite ends of the political spectrum - have played down the likelihood of joining forces, fearing it would put off their voters. But on Thursday, FDP leader Christian Lindner struck a more positive note.   One has to go into government. The FDP is enthusiastic about going into government. But only if it can implement good things. If not, then we won t,  he told Die Welt.  ",1
19391,China calls for restraint when asked about North Korea hydrogen bomb threat,BEIJING (Reuters) - China called on all parties on Friday to exercise restraint after North Korea s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the North could consider conducting a hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific Ocean.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang also told a daily news briefing in Beijing that China opposes unilateral sanctions outside the United Nations framework. His comments came after U.S. President Donald Trump ordered new sanctions against North Korea on Thursday over its nuclear and missile programs. ,1
19392,Spain police detain man accused of link to Barcelona attacks,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish police on Friday detained a man they said had a close relationship with a number of those involved in last month s attacks in Barcelona when militant Islamists used a van to hit pedestrians and carried out a follow-up attack, killing 16. The Moroccan man, 24, is a resident in Spain and had connections to the Islamist cell which took part in the attack, especially the imam Abdelbaki Es Satty, the Interior Ministry said in a statement. Police are looking at the man s part in the acquisition of materials, specifically hydrogen peroxide, which was used in the manufacture of some 100 kilos of TATP explosives, the ministry said. The cell had accumulated around 120 canisters of butane gas at a house in a town south of Barcelona with which, police said following the attacks, it had planned to carry out a larger bomb attack. A blast that destroyed the house in the town of Alcanar on Aug. 16, the eve of the Barcelona attack, was accidentally triggered by the cell, police say. Satty, said to be the leader of the militant group, died in the explosion. Six of the suspects were killed by police during the attacks and four have been arrested, with two held in prison.  Spanish police have arrested 201 people they claim are associated with militant Islamists since raising the alert level to 4, the second highest, in June 2015. ",1
19393,Australia okays use of China drones in non-classifed operations,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - The Australian government has resumed the use of Chinese-built drones in non-classifed situations, the country s defense minister said on Thursday.  Australia s defense forces had put on hold its deployment of China-made drones while it reviewed cybersecurity, following in the steps of the United States, Defence Minister Marise Payne said on the sidelines of an event in Washington. The U.S. Army said in August it had ordered its members to stop using drones made by Chinese manufacturer SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd because of  cyber vulnerabilities  in the products.  Following the decision of the U.S. Army, we reviewed our own use of those particular articles and paused our use of them for a while,  she said.  Following that review, we were comfortable with resuming their use in an unclassified situation.  The Australian newspaper reported that the Australia Defence Force had 40 DJI drones which were used in military exercises, though the exact role played by the drones was not specified. DJI is a market leader in civilian drones and aerial imaging technology. ",1
19394,Mexicans respond with faith and charity as hope fades for quake survivors,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Tears flowed at Our Lady of Carmen and Saint Joseph Parrish on Thursday night as the families of two dead children killed when a powerful earthquake toppled their school a few blocks away interred their ashes  The crushed victims, 7-year-old Eduardo Diaz and 8-year-old Francisco Quintero, were two of the 286 people reported killed by the quake, Mexico s deadliest in 32 years. All told, 17 of the dead came from the parish which worshipped at Our Lady of Carmen, a Roman Catholic church near the Enrique Rebsamen School. Nineteen children and six adults died in the collapsed school, one of the earthquake s most emblematic tragedies. Family and friends leaned on each other during and after the Mass. Outside, Mexicans by the thousands, if not millions, have found another way to combat the sadness, coming to the aid of total strangers by offering their time to earthquake recovery.  Volunteers have overwhelmed the more than 50 collapsed building sites in Mexico City, many bearing food and water, others offering a pair hands and a will to go to work. The good deeds have helped lift the spirits of grieving families, said Father Genaro Chavez, the priest at Our Lady of Carmen.  First with their faith. And secondly, through the tremendous solidarity that people are showing. All of Mexico is gathering here, focusing on this place right now,  Chavez said from the back steps of his church, which were filled with palates of bottled water and foodstuffs. A few blocks away at the school, hundreds of rescuers labored against all odds to find survivors more than 48 hours after the quake. Many were police and army personnel, but others were average citizens who showed up in hard hats. Human chains were taking rubble out of the disaster site. Teams of men were hauling heavy beams and laminates of steel in to prop up the weakened structure. The volunteers included doctors and psychologists, trash-sweepers and sandwich-carriers. One man handed out chocolates to anyone in his path. All expressed a desire to help Mexico in its hour of need.  At a makeshift medical station on the grass median of a closed street, doctors and physical therapists tended to rescue workers who were injured on the job, patching them up and sending them back to work. Physical therapist Jose Juan Galvan applied ultrasound treatment to the back of a doctor who was injured moving a patient the day before. Next to them a doctor in a white coat taped of the knee of man in a hard hat.  We re treating them to send them back into action,  Galvan said. Psychologists Fabiola Jimenez and Paulina Bustos came to aid any parents, teachers or rescue workers dealing with emotional trauma. They counseled three fathers who showed up on Thursday, one whom lost a daughter and the other of whom had a son rescued. Bustos said it was normal for parents to return to the scene, hoping to find any of their children s belongings or recreate their final moments before tragedy.  They re confused, they re in shock, they re in mourning,  Bustos said.  It s part of the process.  Less lionized were the trash sweepers who also donated their time. A group of six sat on a curb eating sandwiches, taking a break after hauling away barrels of litter.  There s a lot of trash,  said Ana Ramirez, who said her group convinced her boss to allow the cleaning staff to report to the rescue site instead their regular job.  Mexico needs us here.  ",1
19395,Australian police charge man for attacking former PM Abbott,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian police charged a 38-year-old man on Friday for allegedly assaulting former prime minister and same-sex marriage opponent Tony Abbott in the Tasmanian city of Hobart.   The man was charged with  Common Assault  following an investigation into a complaint made by Abbott, Tasmania police said on its Facebook page. Abbott told local media he was  headbutted  by a man wearing a  yes  badge in support of same-sex marriage on Thursday evening. Australia began a non-compulsory postal vote this month to determine whether it becomes the 25th country to legalize same-sex marriage. The emotionally charged campaign has seen an alarming volume of hate speech, spurring parliament to pass emergency legislation to outlaw opponents spewing their vitriol while the vote was in progress. Abbott, who is actively campaigning for the  no  side,  sustained minor injuries from the attack including a slightly swollen lip. Police did not comment on the motivation of the attack. Earlier this month, the godson of former prime minister Kevin Rudd was allegedly assaulted in Brisbane by a man who was tearing down rainbow flags put up in support of same-sex marriage. In May, Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce, who is openly gay, had a lemon meringue pie launched at his face in a protest about his advocacy for same-sex marriage.     ",1
19396,Reliving China's Long March ahead of party congress,"JINGGANGSHAN, China (Reuters) - A man in  Red Army  garb hits the pavement during a simulated attack during a re-staging of part of the Long March. The scene brings alive an extraordinary chapter in China s history that established the supremacy of Chairman Mao Zedong and the Communist Party. Deep in the mountains of Jinggangshan in the southeastern province of Jiangxi, a classroom of bank tellers participates in an ideological boot camp that plays into Chinese President Xi Jinping s drive to further consolidate his grip on power. Jinggangshan is considered the  cradle of the Chinese revolution  and, in 1927, was the official birthplace of the Red Army, now known as the People s Liberation Army of China. Reliving the revolution, students walk the route of the Long March, a series of retreats by the Red Army, led by Mao, to evade the pursuing Nationalist forces of Chiang Kai-shek between 1934 and 1935.  I can feel the spirit of the revolution,  said Wang Pingzhu, a 32-year old garment company employee from the southern province of Fujian.  As soon as I got here I could see it along the road. I could imagine the scene at the time,  she said. During the three-day course, participants visit historical sites, pledging allegiance to the Communist Party and Xi s dream of the  great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation  ahead of a key party congress next month.  I think the Communist Party emphasizes this sort of education, to try to control the thinking of party members and at the same time control a portion of the population who still have faith in the party, so they can support the leadership,  said Zhang Lifan, an independent political commentator. In reviving Maoism and courting powerful conservative elements in the party, Xi seeks to remind people that China s dramatic ascent to become the world s second-largest economy was not simply a case of ditching Marx for markets. The  Red Culture  training camp for private and public sector workers aims to rekindle faith in the founding principles of the party and drown out critics who say it has lost its ideological soul after more than three decades of free-market reforms. Its program fits with Xi s push for patriotic education and ideological control of the people, an agenda he has promoted since coming to power in 2012 and is expected to further build on in October s five-yearly leadership reshuffle.  Under the leadership of President Xi, ideological belief education has set off a new wave in China,  said Zuo Jianxing, a forestry official in the northern province of Inner Mongolia. Harking back to Mao s time still resonates with some of the population, 41 years after his death. But the fear is that the younger generation of Chinese may be too preoccupied with the fruits of capitalism to care much about Red Culture. That may explain why, five years after taking power, Xi continues to espouse old school Maoism as a way to reassert the primacy of the party.  If the Communist Party loses power, they are finished,  said political commentator Zhang. (This version of the story refiles to add dateline.) ",1
19397,France to skip 2018 Winter Games if security not assured,"PARIS/SEOUL (Reuters) - France s Winter Olympics team will not travel to the 2018 Games in South Korea if its security cannot be guaranteed, France s sports minister said on Thursday, the first major doubts by a participating nation about growing North Korean tensions. The games organizer said on Friday that it is closely monitoring the current geopolitical situation with the South Korean government, adding that safety is the top priority. Tensions in the region have escalated since North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3, prompting global condemnation. North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un said on Friday the North will consider the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  against the United States in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to destroy the North. France s Sports Minister Laura Flessel told RTL radio that if the crisis deepened and  our security cannot be assured, the French Olympics team will stay at home.   But she added:  We re not there yet.  Participants in the Games - the first Winter Olympics hosted by an Asian nation outside Japan - had not previously raised safety concerns publicly. The games are scheduled for Feb 9-25 next year in Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, the world s most heavily armed border. The two countries remain technically at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty.  Safety and security is one of the most important aspects of Games preparations,  Sung Baik-you, a spokesman for the organizing committee, said in a statement to Reuters on Friday. South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday the country is pushing to ensure security at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. In a meeting with International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach, Moon said South Korea is well aware of the concerns. The Japanese Olympic Committee said on Friday it is not considering the cancellation of its plans.  We will continue to prepare in the same way as with other international competitions that we take part in,  a spokeswoman for the committee said. The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) said it was working with all the relevant authorities to ensure its athletes would be safe.  Each host city presents a unique challenge from a security perspective, and, as is always the case, we are working with the organizers, the U.S. State Department and the relevant law enforcement agencies to ensure that our athletes, and our entire delegation, are safe,  USOC spokesman Patrick Sandusky said. The Chinese Olympic Committee said it had no immediate comment. The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC), which has representatives in South Korea, said the safety of its team was always its main priority.  The safety of our entire Canadian Olympic Team is always our main priority, no matter where the Games are held,  the COC said in a statement emailed to Reuters.  The Government of Canada does not currently have travel advisories in place for South Korea and recommends that Canadians exercise normal security precautions, which is the lowest of four risk levels.  Australia, one of Asia s largest participants at recent Winter Games, is monitoring the situation.  The safety of our team is of the highest priority but we are comfortable with the priority that the (International Olympic Committee) and the Org Comm are placing on security and safety of the Games and its participants,  the Australian Olympic Committee said in a statement emailed to Reuters.  We are relying on advice from DFAT (Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade) and working with the Korean Ambassador and if their advice changes, we will advise our team accordingly but for the moment there is no suggestion that the Games will not go ahead or their safety is compromised.  The chief of the International Ski Federation, Gian-Franco Kasper, dismissed any fears among athletes, saying the Pyeongchang Olympics would be the  safest in the world . He conceded, however, that ticket sales among overseas visitors could be affected. The IOC has said it is not contemplating any  Plan B  for the Games.  IOC President Thomas Bach said last week that considering any scenario other than holding the Olympics in South Korea could hamper diplomatic efforts. ",1
19398,Japan calls North Korea's behavior 'absolutely unacceptable',"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Friday that North Korea s remarks and behavior were  absolutely unacceptable  and provocative to regional and international security. Suga was speaking after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un vowed to make U.S. President Donald Trump pay dearly for threatening to destroy his country, and after North Korea s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the North could consider a hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific Ocean. Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the comment by North Korean foreign minister Ri Yong Ho was utterly unacceptable. ",1
19399,Iran nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated: Rouhani,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran s president said on Thursday its nuclear accord with world powers cannot be renegotiated, after the Trump administration warned it was weighing whether the deal signed by its predecessor served U.S. security interests. Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions. U.S. President Donald Trump called the deal an  embarrassment  during his first speech at the United Nations on Tuesday.  There was some discussion by some people that the nuclear deal isn t very bad but shouldn t stay as it is. (That) it s a deal that s good but we should sit down again and debate to see if it can be improved. If it has flaws we can fix them,  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said.  They were told clearly and definitively (by us) that the nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated,  he told a press conference in Tehran broadcast live on state television after his return from the U.N. General Assembly. Trump told reporters this week he had made a decision on what to do about the agreement, approved by his predecessor Barack Obama along with leaders of Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany, but would not say what he had decided. However, although Trump does not like the deal, his speech to the United Nations on Tuesday did not mean Washington would withdraw from the pact, Nikki Haley, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., said on Wednesday. The prospect of Washington reneging on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. If Trump does not certify next month that Iran is complying with the accord, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. U.N. inspectors have verified Iranian compliance with the terms. In contrast with Obama s policy of detente with Iran after decades of mutual hostility, Trump called Iran  a corrupt dictatorship  on Tuesday and accused it of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the Middle East.  (Trump) made big mistakes in this speech,  Rouhani said.  There were baseless and unfounded accusations. It wasn t worthy of the United Nations or an individual who sees himself as the president of a country.  Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the highest authority in the Islamic Republic, also criticized Trump during a meeting Thursday with the Assembly of Experts, a body tasked with choosing the next Supreme Leader.   This speech was not a sign of power but rather a sign of anger, frustration and stupidity,  Khamenei said, according to a report on his official website. In recent months, tensions have ramped up between Iran and the United States in the Gulf, with both sides accusing each other of provocative naval maneuvers. ",1
19400,Russia says U.S. Iran sanctions undermine nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. unilateral sanctions on Iran undermine the Iran nuclear deal, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Thursday.  Using unilateral sanctions ... is illegitimate and undermines the collective nature of international efforts. Everyone is witnessing with alarm today the newer and newer restrictions by the U.S. against Iran,  Lavrov told the U.N. General Assembly annual gathering of world leaders.  They threaten the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action,  he added, referring to the 2015 international accord between Iran and six world powers. ",1
19401,Exclusive: Faulty devices help keep Iran in nuclear deal limits - report,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Frequent breakdowns of advanced uranium enrichment devices have inadvertently helped Iran comply with restrictions in the international agreement curbing its nuclear program, according to a new report by a Washington-based think tank. Iranian compliance also is due to tougher policing by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration of the 2015 pact to prevent Tehran from developing nuclear weapons, the Institute for Science and International Security said in a report due on Friday. A copy of the report was seen by Reuters.  Iran can be expected to continue to push the deal s limits, commit violations and seek interpretations that are unfounded,  the report said.  One should expect many struggles to keep Iran within the nuclear limits for the duration of the deal.  For those reasons and because Tehran is unlikely ever to build a financially viable uranium enrichment plant, an expansion of Iran s program would either be a  colossal waste of money ... or the basis of a nuclear weapons program, which would not care about costs,  the report said. Washington and its negotiating partners in the agreement should find a way to make the deal s restrictions permanent or  severely  extend their expiration times, it said. Under the deal between Iran, Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States, Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for the lifting of economic sanctions that had crippled its economy.     The report comes as Trump weighs whether to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the agreement. He has until Oct. 16 to make that decision.  Decertifying Iran could lead Congress to reimpose U.S. sanctions on Iran, threatening to collapse the deal and intensify tension in the Middle East. Supporters of the deal, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, insist that strong international monitoring will prevent Iran from developing nuclear bombs. Iran has denied that it is seeking nuclear weapons.   The International Atomic Energy Agency, which monitors the pact, has found no  material breaches  by Iran, a judgment with which Washington has concurred. Tehran has exceeded some deal restrictions, such as a limit on its heavy water stockpile, used in nuclear reactors, the Institute for Science and International Security said in a November 2016 report. But it either rectified some infractions or won exemptions - while President Barack Obama was in office - before the pact took effect in January 2016. In its new report the institute listed other alleged Iran compliance issues, including changes to the design of a heavy water reactor that can produce plutonium, another weapons fuel. Iran s improved compliance this year in part has been  unintentional or accidental  because advanced uranium enrichment devices called centrifuges have broken during testing more often than expected, according to the think tank report. Enrichment produces low-enriched uranium for power plants, but it also can make highly enriched weapons-grade uranium. By August, Iran had tested eight advanced IR-8 centrifuges although the deal limits it to one at most, the report said, adding that Iran also operated between 13 and 15 interconnected IR-6 machines, which the deal restricts to 10. However, according to the report, all but one of the IR-8s and many of the IR-6s broke because carbon fiber components failed. David Albright, a former U.N. nuclear inspector who authored the new report, said Iran s compliance also had improved because the United States is taking a tougher line on attempts to  violate the nuclear limits and exploit loopholes.    Two sources, including a senior U.S. official, said on Wednesday that the White House does not want to kill the deal.  Instead, it wants lawmakers to hold off taking action while it discusses with European allies making the limits on Iran s program permanent and fixing what U.S. officials consider other flaws, said the sources, who requested anonymity.  ",1
19402,Russia says will target U.S.-backed fighters in Syria if provoked,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia warned the United States on Thursday it would target U.S.-backed militias in Syria if Russian troops again came under fire, as the United States disclosed an unusual face-to-face meeting between U.S. and Russian generals meant to avoid such clashes.  The Russian warning underscored growing tensions over Syria between Moscow and Washington. While both oppose Islamic State (IS), they are engaged, via proxies, in a race for strategic influence and potential resources in the form of oilfields in eastern Syria s Deir al-Zor province. The Russian Defence Ministry said the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) had taken up positions on the eastern banks of the Euphrates with U.S. special forces, and twice had opened fire with mortars and artillery on Syrian troops who were working alongside Russian special forces.  A representative of the U.S. military command in Al Udeid (the U.S. operations center in Qatar) was told in no uncertain terms that any attempts to open fire from areas where SDF fighters are located would be quickly shut down,  Major-General Igor Konashenkov said in a statement.  Fire points in those areas will be immediately suppressed with all military means.  In a sign of the high stakes as both forces come in increasing proximity, U.S. and Russian generals held a face-to-face meeting this week in an effort to avoid accidental clashes, U.S. military officials said on Thursday.   They had a face-to-face discussion, laid down maps and graphics,  said Army Colonel Ryan Dillon, a Baghdad-based spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, adding it appeared to be the first meeting of its kind. Dillon, addressing a Pentagon briefing, disclosed few details, including who participated in the meeting or its precise location.  A U.S. military official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the participants included both U.S. and Russian generals.     The Russian Defence Ministry this week accused U.S. spies of initiating a jihadi offensive against government-held parts of northwest Syria on Tuesday. The ministry, in a Wednesday evening statement, said 29 Russian military policemen had been surrounded by jihadis as a result and that Russia had been forced to break them out in a special operation backed by air power.  According to our information, U.S. intelligence services initiated the offensive to halt the successful advance of government troops to the east of Deir al-Zor,  said Colonel-General Sergei Rudskoi. The Syrian army, backed by Russian war planes, has captured about 100 km (62 miles) of the west bank of the Euphrates this month, reaching the Raqqa provincial border on Wednesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.  Syrian troops also crossed to the eastern side of the river on Monday where the SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, has been advancing. The convergence of the rival offensives has increased tensions in Deir al-Zor.  The U.S.-backed militias said on Saturday they had come under attack from Russian jets and Syrian government forces, something Moscow denied.  On Monday, the SDF warned against any further Syrian army advances on the eastern riverbank, and Russia s Defence Ministry said on Tuesday that the waters of the Euphrates had risen as soon as the Syrian army began crossing it, suggesting this could only have happened if upstream dams held by the U.S.-backed opposition had been opened. (Corrects conversion of 100 km to miles in paragraph 13.) ",1
19403,Mexicans race to save schoolgirl buried by quake; death toll at 237,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican rescuers raced against the clock on Wednesday to save a 12-year-old girl trapped beneath a collapsed school and reach other possible survivors buried in rubble in central Mexico following the country s most deadly earthquake in three decades. At least 237 people were killed by the 7.1-magnitude quake that struck about 150 km (90 miles) southeast of Mexico City on Tuesday afternoon, 32 years after a 1985 quake killed thousands. Rescue workers were able to communicate with the girl, identified only as Frida Sofia, who responded that there were two other students nearby but she could not tell if they were alive, according to broadcaster Televisa, whose cameras and reporters had special access to the scene. Rescuers previously had seen a hand protruding from the debris, and she wiggled her fingers when asked if she was still alive, Televisa said. The girl s full name was not made public, but her family waited in anguish nearby, knowing that the bodies of 21 school children and four adults were already recovered from the Enrique Rebsamen School. They and other parents clung to hope after rescue teams reported a teacher and two students had sent text messages from within the rubble.  Rescuers moved slowly, erecting makeshift wooden scaffolding to prevent rubble from crumbling further and seeking a path to the child through the unstable ruins. As in rescue scenes throughout the central Valley of Mexico, officials ruled out using heavy equipment as long as there were signs of life below. Some 14 hours after the effort began, rescue workers in hard hats made an urgent plea on camera for beams and chains to support parts of the school ruins that were collapsing.  We have a lot of hope that some will still be rescued,  said David Porras, one of scores of volunteers helping the search at the school for children aged 3 to 14.   But we re slow, like turtles,  he said. Rescuers periodically demanded  total silence  bystanders, who would freeze in place and stay quiet, to better hear calls for help. Similar efforts have pulled more than 50 survivors from buildings around the country, President Enrique Pena Nieto said in a national address. Such rescues lead to impassioned cries of  Yes we can!  from responders and bystanders. Fifty-two buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone, Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera told reporters. In all the quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states. Another 1,900 people were treated for injuries, the president said. The quake struck a mere 31 km (32 miles) beneath the surface, sending major shockwaves through the metropolitan area of some 20 million people. Much of the capital is built upon an ancient lake bed that shakes like jelly during a quake. Initial reports suggest that collapses were limited mostly to buildings that predated the 1985 quake, after which stricter building codes were enacted.  The central part of Mexico City, in the lake bed, is always going to be a complicated place to build,  said Rodrigo Suarez, chief operating officer at Mexico City-based apartment developer Hasta Capital.  These old buildings (may) survive an earthquake or two or three, but since they weren t built to modern code, there s always going to be a risk in major earthquakes.  The national electric company restored service to 95 percent of the 5 million customers who had lost power, Pena Nieto said, and the state oil monopoly Pemex said its installations suffered no significant damage and that all its operations were normal. Mexico was still recovering from another powerful tremor that killed nearly 100 people in the south of the country less than two weeks ago. Reinforcements from other countries began to arrive and more were on the way. The United States, Israel, Spain, Japan and several Latin American countries had already responded with technical assistance and rescue teams, the president said. A Panamanian team of 32 rescue workers dressed in orange jumpsuits and helmets and two dogs arrived at Mexico City s international airport on Wednesday, prepared to go to work immediately searching for survivors. They came self sufficient with seven days  worth of food, water and supplies and prepared to work around the clock, said Cesar Lange, leader of the Panamanian Civil Protection unit.  The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) was  sending a Disaster Assistance Response Team to help, at the request of the Mexican government, the agency said.  The United States remains committed to helping our neighbors during this difficult time,  the statement said. Throughout the capital, crews were joined by volunteers and bystanders who used dogs, cameras, motion detectors and heat-seeking equipment to detect victims who may still be alive. Pena Nieto spent the day surveying several of the rescue sites, making note of the large number of university students and others have volunteered for the search and rescue effort.  I have seen an active and very committed participation from the Mexican youth. ... I have seen a lot of solidarity,  Pena Nieto said.    The president has been unusually visible since the two earthquakes, a sign of the political sensitivity of disaster relief less than a year before the next presidential election.   We re clearly aware that this is a test we cannot flunk,  said Senator Miguel Angel Chico of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI.  For a graphic on earthquake location, click: here ",1
19404,Mexico politicians fear flunking quake test before 2018 vote," (This version of September 20 s story corrects to change political affiliation of senator in paragraph 12) By Gabriel Stargardter MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Less than a year before a presidential election, Mexico s politicians are fearful they could be punished by voters for any misstep in responding to two major earthquakes that killed more than 300 people this month. With tolerance low after years of violence and corruption, the tremors could further undermine voters  confidence in the ruling party of President Enrique Pena Nieto and the entire political class.  We re clearly aware that this is a test we cannot flunk,  said Senator Miguel Angel Chico of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. Pena Nieto sprang into action this month after an 8.1 magnitude earthquake on Sept. 7, the strongest in nearly a century, leveled parts of southern Mexico and killed at least 98 people.  On Tuesday, when a 7.1 tremor struck, he aborted a trip to the first quake s disaster zone to return to Mexico City, where 38 buildings collapsed killing scores of people, including more than 20 children at a school.  Pena Nieto went to the school as rescuers searched for children and adults trapped inside.  The death toll from Tuesday s quake, which struck the capital and nearby states on the anniversary of a devastating 1985 tremor, has reached 230. Politicians from all sides called for solidarity and praised how Mexicans, many of whom volunteered to help climb through rubble and search for survivors, had come together. Nonetheless, one figure loomed large over the fallout from the quakes and any instability it may generate ahead of the July vote: leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, long the bete noire of Mexico s political establishment and the frontrunner in many polls. Lopez Obrador, or AMLO as he is known, enjoys widespread support in the left-leaning capital, home to about 20 million people. The former Mexico City mayor, who narrowly lost the two previous presidential elections, won praise from supporters after the first quake when he proposed donating 20 percent of his party s federal campaign funds for victims. On Wednesday, volunteers across Mexico flocked to help remove debris and donate supplies in a grass-roots effort that opposition National Action Party (PAN) Senator Daniel Avila said was symptomatic of widespread distrust of the political class and the government s ability to deliver.   I think voters could look to punish those currently in government if they don t manage this situation well,  Avila said.  The PRI, which ran Mexico for an uninterrupted 71 years and currently places third in the polls, knows the political damage that earthquakes can inflict. PRI President Miguel De La Madrid led the country during a powerful 1985 quake, which killed thousands in Mexico City  exactly 32 years to the day before Tuesday s tremor.  De La Madrid was widely criticized for his response, worsening already broad discontent with the party s corrupt, authoritarian rule at the time. After the quake, the PRI gradually lost support and was voted out in 2000.  Now, party supporters hope that a swift response nationwide can avoid a repeat of that loss. Governors from the PRI and its coalition partner the Green Party are in office in Oaxaca and Chiapas, the states hardest-hit by the first quake this month. And the PRI narrowly won a recent gubernatorial race in the State of Mexico, a longstanding party bastion where at least 12 people had died by Wednesday. There have been accusations that aid has disproportionately benefited wealthier areas. In the capital, fashionable districts like Roma and Condesa received most of the organized assistance. With a glut of people arriving to help and little guidance on how to best use resources, volunteers struggled, said 34-year-old art professor Camila Morales, adding that in poorer districts there had been insufficient help.   On the outskirts in the south of the city ... there is no help arriving, they still don t even have power,  said Morales, who was part of a large volunteer group from a local university.  On social media, a campaign emerged to prevent politicians from capitalizing on the earthquake. Following Lopez Obrador s lead, one petition sought to get the federal government to divert electoral funds for political parties to helping victims. Quickly, other politicians jumped on board.     Enrique Ochoa, the PRI chairman and one of the leftist s fiercest critics, on Wednesday Tweeted:  I ask that the parties get together to resolve ... how we can donate campaign money, without pretense or opportunism.  ",1
19405,North Korea official says North may consider hydrogen bomb on Pacific Ocean: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Friday he believes the North could consider a hydrogen bomb test on the Pacific Ocean of an unprecedented scale, South Korea s Yonhap news agency reported. Ri was speaking to reporters in New York when he was asked what North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had meant when he threatened in an earlier statement the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  against the United States. North Korea could consider a hydrogen bomb test, Ri said, although he did not know Kim s exact thoughts, Yonhap reported. ",1
19406,Citibanamex lowers Mexico 2017 GDP to 1.9 percent due to quake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc s local unit on Thursday lowered its 2017 Mexico gross domestic product (GDP) growth forecast to 1.9 percent from 2.0 due to the impact of a massive earthquake that leveled buildings in the capital, the country s economic heartland.   However, Citibanamex (C.N), in a client note, said this was a conservative estimate as they expected an improvement in economic activity at the end of the third quarter and in the fourth which would help counter the impact of Tuesday s 7.1 magnitude tremor. The quake, which killed at least 273 people, also toppled buildings in the states of Puebla and Morelos, sparking a desperate hunt for survivors under the rubble. Another massive tremor two weeks ago killed at least 100 people and wreaked havoc in southern Mexico.  Citibanamex said it expects a moderate fiscal stimulus from the government, and no changes in monetary policy. That fiscal stimulus would likely come from two emergency funds, it added, noting that Mexico was in much better shape to handle the impact of the quake than it was in 1985, when a similarly massive tremor devastated the capital. ",1
19407,Beijing government pulls winter construction ban from website,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing s city authorities have taken down from their website a policy document put up just a few days ago that looked to help improve the city s notorious air quality by banning construction during winter months. It is unclear if the move means the prohibition is no longer in place, with an official at the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development who gave his name as Yu saying the document had been pulled from the website due to misunderstandings over the rules in media reports. He declined to give further details. The statement, dated Sept. 15, was posted on the commission s website last Friday, but it was no longer available on Wednesday. It was not clear when it was withdrawn. Under the plan, all construction of road and water projects, as well as demolition of housing, would be banned from Nov. 15 to March 15 within the city s six major districts and surrounding suburbs. As part of dust control measures, the government often instructs construction sites in northern cities to close during bouts of heavy smog in the winter when households crank up heating, drawing on the power grid which is mainly fueled by coal. Provincial authorities are rushing to enforce the central government s ambitious targets for preventing toxic air during the upcoming colder months as it has ramped up its years-long war on smog. The possible pulling of the construction rules underscores the complexity of implementing some of the steps. Among the most stringent measures are orders for heavy industry such as steel mills to curb output by as much as 50 percent during the colder months. Recent checks of factories across the north have forced many to close or curb operations, roiling supplies of some critical raw materials like coke and coal and sending prices of base metals soaring.         ",1
19408,"Facing crime wave, residents in South Sudan capital pay police for protection","JUBA (Reuters) - Residents of South Sudan s capital say they are collecting cash to pay police unofficially to patrol their neighborhoods, amid a crime wave and a cash crunch that means authorities often cannot pay their wages. Robbers killed more than 60 people last month in Juba, twice as many as in July, according to the Community Empowerment of Progress Organisation, a civil society organization in Juba that tallies violent incidents.  In one incident this month, around 50 gunmen in army uniforms attacked homes. Armed residents repulsed them and there were no known casualties, the organization said. It was unclear whether the attackers were members of the security forces.  Edmund Yakani, head of the Progress Organisation, said security was improving in some areas since communities began collecting cash to pay for police patrols.  South Sudan s nearly four-year-old civil war has slashed oil production and the cash-strapped government struggles to pay security forces. It has asked foreign donors for help, but the request is unlikely to be granted since rights groups accuse security forces of torturing, raping and killing civilians.   The war has displaced a third of the East African nation s 12 million people and spilt into neighboring states.  At a community meeting last week in the Juba neighborhood of Kator East, dozens of residents each agreed to give 100 South Sudanese pounds (just under $1) to hire police to join youth volunteers in patrolling, said Lucy Ramada, 38.  Every household was asked to contribute ... for the payment of extra police personnel that will assist our youth at night,  she said. Since the patrols began with the paid police, she added,  there is no sound of gunfire and no robberies .    Police spokesman Daniel Boulogne said he was unaware of residents offering police extra pay. A South Sudanese police officer is paid about 1,500 South Sudanese pounds on average, about $83 at the current exchange rate.   We have not asked for any (extra) incentives because it is our duty to do our best to give them security,  he said. He did not comment on police wages.   Monthly inflation has reached triple digits, and the scramble for food forces many people into crime, said James Okuk, a lecturer at Juba University.  The situation is forcing people to become robbers,  he said.  The situation has been made worse by the government not paying salaries to its employees, including those carrying guns, for some months.   Defence Minister Kuol Manyang Juuk told Reuters that some members of the army and police were under investigation for robbery but the number was small. ",1
19409,Argentina's Macri almost certain to run for re-election: adviser,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri is almost certain to run for re-election in 2019, his top campaign adviser said on Thursday, even as he acknowledged that the leader s market-friendly reforms were unpopular among many poor Argentines. Jaime Duran Barba, an Ecuadorian who has run campaigns across Latin America and is considered the political guru behind Macri s surprise win in 2015, told Reuters on Thursday he  did not see a scenario  where Macri was not a candidate.  The most likely is for Macri to go for re-election, it s highly probable. But what is certain is that after that he will leave politics,  Duran Barba said in an interview. Center-right Macri has not said if he will seek re-election and told Reuters in an August interview that he was focused on his current government. When the time came for Macri to move on, Duran Barba said that there were  important, prepared people  who could dispute the succession. He pointed to city of Buenos Aires mayor Horacio Rodriguez Larreta, Macri s Cabinet Chief Marcos Pena, and Maria Eugenia Vidal, the governor of Buenos Aires and the most popular politician in Argentina, according to several polls.  But Macri s  Let s Change  coalition must first post a strong performance in October s legislative elections, where one third of the Senate and half of the lower house seats are up for re-election.  Mauricio s strategy has always been: in the first two years we can start a transformation, but the point at which we will know if it is possible or not to change Argentina is the mid-term election,  said Duran Barba, who has advised Macri since he first ran for political office in 2003.  The Oct. 22 vote is being closely watched by investors because Macri s political nemesis and populist two-term predecessor, Cristina Fernandez, is vying for a Senate seat in Buenos Aires province, home to 40 percent of voters. She is believed to be testing the waters for a potential bid for the presidency in 2019.  Fernandez eked out a narrow win over Macri ally Esteban Bullrich in the non-binding primary vote in August, a scenario Duran Barba said was ideal for motivating voters to rally around Bullrich against a divided opposition.  It was the best option, our numbers always predicted a tie (with Fernandez). I said hopefully she wins by a bit because that way the people will see a need to do something.  The latest polls, including an internal poll from the Fernandez camp, are showing Bullrich ahead. Macri s approval ratings are running at 44 percent, according to an Observatorio Electoral survey on Tuesday. But his reforms have been unpopular with the country s powerful unions and triggered anti-Macri protests. Argentina s economy came out of recession in the second half of last year, later than expected. Duran Barba acknowledged that Macri s austerity measures had particularly hurt poor slum-dwellers in Buenos Aires province.   They raised (energy) tariffs, and that was unpopular. We hoped there would be fast results for the economy and that there would be investment. There wasn t,  Duran Barba said. He said Fernandez, who has toned down her formerly tub-thumping speeches and gave a rare live interview last week, is copying some of his tactics - such as visits to voters  homes,  ripe for recording and posting on social media.  Cristina has copied a lot of our way of campaigning,  Barba said.  But it s hurting her.  Fernandez s campaign declined to comment.  ",1
19410,North Korea's Kim says will make 'deranged' Trump pay dearly for U.N. speech,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un said on Friday the North will consider the  highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history  against the United States in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s threat to destroy the North. Calling Trump  mentally deranged  and his comments  the most ferocious declaration of a war in history,  Kim said his U.N. speech on Tuesday confirmed Pyongyang s nuclear program has been  the correct path .  His remarks ... have convinced me, rather than frightening or stopping me, that the path I chose is correct and that it is the one I have to follow to the last,  Kim said in the statement carried by the North s official KCNA news agency, promising to make Trump  pay dearly for his speech . Trump had warned the North Korean leader in his U.N. address on Tuesday that the United States, if threatened, would  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people and mocked Kim as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. It was the U.S. president s most direct reference to military action so far against the North, which conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. In addition to the nuclear test, North Korea has launched dozens of missiles since Kim came to power in 2011. Two recent ballistic missiles flew over Japan as Pyongyang advanced toward its goal of creating nuclear warhead-tipped missiles that can hit the United States.     Kim said Trump would face  results beyond his expectation,  without specifying what action North Korea would take next.  I will surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire,  Kim said in the rare direct statement, referring to Trump. He offered more vitriol for Trump, saying he was  unfit to hold the prerogative of supreme command of a country, and he is surely a rogue and a gangster fond of playing with fire, rather than a politician.  A day after Trump s address, North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho had likened Trump to a  barking dog,  saying his comments were no threat to the North. Kim took a page out of Ri s book on Friday, saying  a frightened dog barks louder .  Now that Trump has denied the existence of and insulted me and my country in front of the eyes of the world.., we will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding, highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history,  Kim said. ",1
19411,Exclusive: Turkey to deploy troops inside Syria's Idlib - Erdogan,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday Turkey will deploy troops in Syria s northern Idlib region as part of a so-called de-escalation agreement brokered by Russia last month. The  de-escalation  zones, agreed by Turkey, Russia and Iran, would be further discussed in talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin during his trip to Ankara next week, Erdogan said in an interview with Reuters while he was in New York for the annual United Nations General Assembly.  Under the agreement, Russians are maintaining security outside Idlib and Turkey will maintain the security inside Idlib region,  Erdogan said.  The task is not easy ... With Putin we will discuss additional steps needed to be taken in order to eradicate terrorists once and for all to restore peace.  Erdogan also said Turkey was considering counter-measures, including imposing sanctions, against Kurdish northern Iraq over a planned referendum. Iraqi Kurdish authorities have defied growing international pressure to call off the referendum on independence. Iraq s neighbors fear it will fuel unrest among their own Kurdish populations and Western allies said it could detract from the fight against Islamic State. Turkey has brought forward a cabinet meeting and national security council session to Friday over the referendum, Erdogan said. He said that parliament would also convene for an extraordinary meeting on Saturday.  Without any further delay we are going to discuss what kind of sanctions should be imposed and when the sanctions will be imposed,  he said without elaborating on what they might be.     Turkish troops are also carrying out military exercises near the border and Erdogan said on Saturday the resolution on troop deployment abroad will be submitted to parliament for a vote.   Erdogan called on the United States to extradite U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Erdogan accuses of orchestrating a failed coup attempt in Turkey, in which rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets, bombing parliament and trying to abduct or kill Erdogan. Gulen denies any involvement in the July 2016 coup attempt, during which more than 240 people were killed.  Gulen s entire network is being run from the United States. Terrorists should not be harbored here. We need U.S. assistance on this matter,  Erdogan said. Since the failed coup, Turkish authorities have shut more than 130 media outlets and a press union says more than 150 journalists have been jailed, raising concerns about media freedom in Turkey. Turkey has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants and has arrested nearly 50,000 others suspected of links to the Gulen movement. The EU and human rights organizations have expressed concern over Turkey s security crackdown since the failed coup.  Turkey says its crackdown is targeting supporters of Gulen.          Let me be very clear, in terms of freedom of press, there are no challenges in Turkey ... If journalists are supporters of terrorists, if they are double-agents, are we not supposed to do what is necessary against them?  Erdogan said.  Turkey is a state of law, within which the judiciary takes necessary measure ... This is sheer lie ... they were coup plotters.  Meeting Erdogan on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday praised his leadership and said he  has become a friend of mine.  Relations between Turkey and the United States were strained over Turkish security officials involved in street fighting with protesters during a visit to Washington in May. Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State (IS) in Syria and Iraq but Ankara s ties with Washington are strained over support provided by the United States to the Syrian Kurdish militia YPG. Viewed by Turkey as the Syrian extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), the YPG has been among the most effective partners on the ground in the U.S.-led fight against the Islamic State. Erdogan warned Washington that arming the YPG could end up hurting Washington and its allies.   Weapons are being deployed to YPG ... We are strategic allies with the United States ..., we should avoid helping YPG,  he said. At a critical time for Turkish-Germany relations, Erdogan said in the interview he hoped relations with Germany could be improved, praising German Chancellor Angela Merkel for refraining from criticizing Turkey and its policies.  I am quite hopeful relations will improve ... We have no problem with the German public. We have a problem with some officials  wrong attitude against Turkey,  he said. Merkel, who has been at odds with Erdogan on many fronts over the last year, has said that  the fact is clear that Turkey should not become a member of the EU . Merkel has said she will speak to other European Union leaders to end Turkey s EU accession talks.  Things never went well for the last 54 years regarding Turkey s EU membership ... We have been lingering at the doorstep of the EU and things have got worse. They have never kept their promises,  Erdogan said. ",1
19412,U.S. announces near $700 million in humanitarian aid to Syria,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Thursday announced more than $697 million in additional humanitarian assistance for the people of Syria, bringing total U.S. assistance since 2012 to more than $7 billion.  The new funding also helps mitigate the impact of the crisis on governments and communities throughout the region,  the State Department said in a statement. Nearly $516 million will be destined to assistance inside Syria, according to the statement. Around the region, Jordan will receive about $88 million, Turkey $35 million, Lebanon $29 million, Iraq $15 million, Egypt $13 million and regional organizations $2 million. ",1
19413,"Guinea rioters burn down police buildings in mining town, 17 wounded","CONAKRY (Reuters) - Hundreds of rioters in the Guinean bauxite mining town of Boke burned down a police and a gendarmerie building on Thursday and clashed with security forces wielding batons, leaving 17 people injured, the local Red Cross said. Guinean authorities managed to avoid the bloodshed of previous days by desisting from using live bullets on the demonstrators in the Boke neighborhood of Kolabounyi, Guinean Red Cross member Oumar Kalissa told Reuters by telephone. Rioting by angry youths - who say bauxite mining has brought constant pollution and noise but no jobs or services like water and electricity - has paralyzed Boke for most of the past week.  Despite decades of mining, Guinea, Africa s top bauxite producer, remains one of the world s least developed countries. The mines around Boke produce some 15 million tonnes of aluminum ore for the West African nation s largest mining companies Societe Miniere de Boke (SMB) and Companie Bauxite de Guinee (CBG), but their operations have repeatedly halted in the past week and are currently still blocked by demonstrators. CBG is 49 percent owned by the Guinean state and the remainder by Alcoa, Rio Tinto Alcan [RIOXXA.UL] and Dadco. SMB is owned by Guinea, China s Winning Shipping Ltd, Shandong Weiqiao [SDWQP.UL] and UMS International Ltd.  The Government strongly condemns these acts which are clearly outside law,  government spokesman Damantang Albert Camara said in a statement.  ",1
19414,Guatemala Congress again votes to maintain president's immunity,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress on Thursday once again voted to maintain beleaguered President Jimmy Morales  immunity and shield him from a probe into suspected illicit campaign funding, a move that could raise tensions among anti-graft protesters.  For the second time this month, lawmakers discussed a motion, pushed by the attorney general s office and the United Nations-backed International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), to remove Morales  immunity. Although the motion enjoyed greater support than before, the 70 votes in favor fell short of the two-thirds of Congress necessary for it to pass.  The commission wants to determine the origin of some $800,000 in funds Morales managed as secretary general of the conservative National Convergence Front (FCN) party he led from 2015 to 2016. Morales has denied any wrongdoing.  Critics say lawmakers threw their lot in with Morales as they fear the scope of a larger commission investigation into all major parties  campaign financing.  The latest vote, in which 42 lawmakers voted against the motion with 46 absent, came the day after thousands of Guatemalans took to the streets, calling for the resignation of Morales and lawmakers, whom they blame for trying to trip up anti-graft investigators.   Today ... Congress has exposed itself in front of the people with this decision,  said Raul Romero, a conservative lawmaker from the Force party, who voted in favor of stripping Morales  immunity. In August, Guatemala s attorney general and CICIG jointly sought to investigate Morales, a former comedian, over the illegal financing allegation. Two days later, Morales declared the head of the U.N. body  persona non grata.  Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, the commission has caused problems for Morales, first investigating his son and brother, and then training its sights on him. The Guatemalan president won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after Perez Molina was forced to resign and imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a commission investigation. ",1
19415,Nuclear weapons will not bring security for North Korea: Tillerson,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The pursuit of nuclear weapons will not bring security for North Korea s government and China s assistance is vital to bringing Pyongyang s atomic and missile programs under control, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday.  North Korea may assume that nuclear weapons will ensure the survival of its regime. In truth, nuclear weapons are clearly only leading to greater isolation, ignominy and deprivation,  Tillerson said at the U.N. Security Council.   If China truly desires to denuclearize the Korean peninsula to promote stability and to avoid conflict in that sensitive region right on its own border, now s the time to work with the rest of us ... to put the kind of pressure on North Korea that can change its strategic calculations before it s too late,  he added. ",1
19416,"U.S. pressing Suu Kyi, Myanmar military over Rohingya: Haley","NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States is worried about the  tragedies  in Myanmar affecting Rohingya Muslims and U.S. authorities are pressing government leader Aung San Suu Kyi and Myanmar s military leaders to stop the crackdown, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Thursday.  Not only have we pressed her, we pressed the military,  Haley told reporters, referring to Suu Kyi. She said U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Joseph Dunford was calling the head of Myanmar s military to say  this cannot continue.  ",1
19417,U.S. not ruling out possible oil embargo on Venezuela: Haley,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Thursday a range of options remained on the table, including a possible oil embargo, if Venezuela did not move to restore its democratic processes.  There s a lot of support in Latin America to see Venezuela start to respect its people and go back to the democracy it s supposed to be,  she told reporters.  If things don t improve, all those options are always there,  Haley added, saying specifically that the possibility of an oil embargo remained.  It s not off the table, I can tell you that,  she said. ",1
19418,Venezuelans face growing queues to buy gasoline,"PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan drivers are facing growing queues to buy gasoline despite having the world s largest oil reserves, adding to the OPEC country s woes as its refineries sputter and its socialist economic system crumbles. Lines to buy fuel and shuttered service stations have been intermittent problems for much of this year, most notably outside the capital Caracas. But in recent days the problem has worsened, with lines popping up at service stations in Caracas, while drivers in the southern city of Puerto Ordaz were waiting an average of four hours to fill their tanks.  I had an urgent medical appointment but I had to suspend it because I didn t have gasoline and the lines are several blocks long,  said Nelly Gutierrez, 35, an accountant.  There s no medicine, water, internet, and no gasoline. How long is the government going to put us through this?  State oil company Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) did not immediately respond to a request for comment and the reasons for the apparent dip in supply this week were unclear. But the country s refineries are functioning at record lows due to constant outages and insufficient supply of crude resulting from slumping output, union leaders and refinery workers say. PDVSA, suffering a dramatic cash flow shortage as a result of low oil prices, has struggled to pay for imports of fuel to fill the gap.  In most cases, it has resolved major supply disruptions within a few days, although one shortage in March lasted several weeks and affected exports to ally and trading partner Cuba. Fourteen tankers are waiting in ports in Venezuela and the Caribbean to unload a total 4.2 million barrels of fuel and blending components commissioned by PDVSA, but have not yet done so for lack of payment, according to Thomson Reuters data and shipping sources. Earlier in September, as many as 24 cargoes were held awaiting payment, but at least six of those have been diverted to other destinations as Atlantic storms have caused supplies to tighten elsewhere. Others have discharged in recent days, after receiving payments. PDVSA is now forced to prepay its fuel imports because payment delays have led suppliers to halt open credit to the company. U.S. sanctions imposed last month are also making it difficult for PDVSA to get letters of credit needed for some imports and exports. President Nicolas Maduro says the country is a victim of an  economic war  and accuses the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump of worsening the situation through sanctions.  I m really sad that my country is in this situation,  said driver Marvelia Dominguez, as she waited to fuel her car in Caracas.  Now we don t even have gasoline, which was always one of the easiest things for us to find.  ",1
19419,"Thousands rally in Philippines, warn of Duterte 'dictatorship'","MANILA (Reuters) - Thousands of Filipinos rallied on Thursday to denounce Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and warn of what they called an emerging dictatorship, in a major show of dissent against the controversial but hugely popular leader. Politicians, indigenous people, priests, businessmen, and left-wing activists held marches and church masses accusing Duterte of authoritarianism and protesting at policies including a ferocious war on drugs that has killed thousands. Signs saying  Stop The Killings  and  No To Martial Rule  reflected fears that Duterte would one day deliver on his threat to declare nationwide military rule like that imposed by late dictator Ferdinand Marcos. The rallies marked the 45th anniversary of the start of that era, remembered by many Filipinos as brutal and oppressive. Effigies of Duterte were burned, including one which bore both his face and that of late Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.  A protester with a toy gun played dead on the ground in a reenactment of one of a spree of drug-related killings that activists say are executions staged by police. Police reject those allegations. Anti-Duterte Senator Risa Hontiveros said democracy was under threat by a  Dutertatorship  with a  policy of killing . Vice President Leni Robredo, who was not Duterte s running mate, said Filipinos should recognize signs of  rising tyranny .   It s sad that we seemed to have not learned our lessons,  Robredro said.  There s a culture of violence around us.  Marcos declared martial law in 1972 and held power for 14 years until his removal in a bloodless, army-backed  people s power  uprising. He abolished democratic institutions and was accused of killing, torturing and  disappearing  thousands of opponents.  Duterte has expressed admiration for Marcos. His critics are alarmed by his autocratic rhetoric and a vicious disdain for his detractors. But he won last year s election by a big margin and has maintained one of the highest public approval ratings of a Philippines president. Several thousand turned out on Thursday to show their support for Duterte at a rival rally that entertained crowds with live music, dancing and food.  This is to tell the people that  here we are, we are the majority who are happy with the government and not those few who are just griping ,  said rally organizer Benny Antiporda, a former journalist. Millions of Filipinos admire Duterte s down-to-earth style, his decisiveness and even his imperfections. His supporters at home and among the diaspora see him as a champion of ordinary people and the best hope for change that presidents from the political elite failed to bring. The anti-Duterte demonstrators criticized his pro-China stance and the destruction in southern Marawi City by military air strikes targeting Islamist militants. Others decried what they see as his cozy relationship with the still-powerful Marcos family.  It seems that what we fought for in 1972, is again back. The total disrespect for human life, dignity, human rights. And that was how we started,  said Rene Saguisag, a former senator and human rights lawyer.  In some ways, it may be worse.  ",1
19420,"Istanbul's Ataturk airport reopens after jet crash, Turkish Airlines CEO says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Istanbul s main Ataturk airport was reopened to traffic on Thursday after a private jet crashed on the runway, causing authorities to suspend flights, the head of Turkish Airlines said on Twitter. The jet, registered as TC-KON, crashed after reporting a malfunction as it was taking off, the state-run news agency Anadolu said. The flight was heading to the Ercan airport in northern Cyprus, Anadolu reported. Police said the jet s two pilots, a cabin crew member and a passenger were slightly injured in the crash. The jet s rear end was detached from the aircraft, with emergency teams and firefighters at the crash site, images from a Reuters photographer on the scene showed. The jet had briefly burst into flames after crashing, causing traffic at the airport to be suspended, Anadolu said. Turkish Airlines Chief Executive Bilal Eksi said both runways at the airport were now operational. ",1
19421,"Storm Maria brings fear, pain and shock to Puerto Ricans","SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Miguel Cruz awoke to the descent of Hurricane Maria on his home on Wednesday morning when the massive storm peeled off most of the roof, sent his belongings flying in all directions, but left intact an icon of Jesus hanging above his bed. Cruz was one of thousands of Puerto Ricans picking through the wreckage left by Maria after the hurricane devastated basic services on the debt-laden U.S. territory, pitching most of its 3.4 million residents into darkness as night fell. Crashing into Puerto Rico as a Category 4 storm on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale, Maria flipped the tops off buildings, knocked out phones and electricity across the island and turned low-lying roads into swollen rivers awash with debris.  I was terrified. I prayed to God that the door and windows wouldn t open,  said Sonja Alvarez, 52, who spent 10 hours shut in a bedroom with her family while Maria raged outside.  But there came a point when I thought they would.   Trees were torn apart, windows shattered and exposed homes turned inside out by Maria, which killed at least one man, who was struck by a piece of flying lumber. The storm also killed at least nine elsewhere in the Caribbean. By 11 p.m. EDT (0300 GMT), Maria was drifting away from Puerto Rico. The slowing storm was blowing maximum sustained winds of 110 mph (175 kph) and was 55 miles (90 km) off the eastern tip of the Dominican Republic, the National Hurricane Center said. The brutal winds left streets in the historic Old Town of the Puerto Rican capital, San Juan, strewn with rubble, from collapsed balconies to fallen lamp posts and dead birds. Among the most dramatically damaged areas in the capital was La Perla, a small barrio nestled into the steep hill separating the stone walls of Old San Juan from the sea. Once a notorious slum, La Perla s image has brightened in recent years as it has become an artsier enclave with colorful homes providing the setting for the megahit  Despacito  by Puerto Rican singers Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee. However, the red, wooden home of area resident Cruz was reduced to a roofless jumble, with the front door hanging at right angles to the frame. Behind it, a painting of the Sacred Heart of Jesus looked out from a bare white wall.  (Maria) has turned my house into a convertible. I can see the stars,  the 45-year-old self-employed laborer said wryly, after relating how he had fled to a bunker downstairs with his pit-bull, Estrella.  I m sort of used to these things,  Cruz added.  But this was tough.  Down the slope from his home stood the shattered hulk of a concrete and steel garage with five cars trapped under the roof and sidewall that gave way under Maria s battering. Beyond his home, near the stone walls of the 500-year-old city, a cooker, a fridge and a toilet stood exposed atop  another wooden house with views of the Caribbean.  There used to be another floor,  said Angela Torres, 32, explaining that the rest of the kitchen, two bedrooms and living room had been stripped from the building by Maria. After the rooms flew off, Torres, who had hunkered down on Tuesday night with her 87-year-old grandmother one floor below, learnt that Maria had knocked down one wall and the balcony of her own home a few miles away.  I almost died when they sent me the photos,  she said.  But I haven t been able to go yet because you can t get out.  Many in the capital left their coastal homes for refuge elsewhere, filling hotels across the city. Some returned to find their flats ruined by Maria, battered and full of water. Gingerly entering her sodden fifth-storey flat in the heart of Old San Juan, Aida Pietri was suddenly gripped by panic as the battered door to her rooftop terrace slammed open and shut in the wind and a bird flew through it.  Where are my daughter s ashes?  she said, rummaging through the scattered cushions, plants and papers. Eventually her eyes alighted on a metal box, and she found them, undamaged. ",1
19422,Trudeau confronts Canada's failure of indigenous people in U.N. speech,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday admitted Canada had failed its indigenous people and told the United Nations his government would do better to improve the lives of aboriginals and achieve reconciliation. Trudeau used his speech to the U.N. General Assembly to frankly acknowledge the dark history of Canada s colonization as one of  humiliation, neglect and abuse  and promised to do more to help the nation s 1.4 million indigenous people.  We have been working hard ... to correct past injustices and bring about a better quality of life for indigenous peoples in Canada,  he said.  Though this path is uncharted, I am confident that we will reach a place of reconciliation,  Trudeau later added. While Trudeau used his U.N. speech last year to highlight Canada s strengths, a discourse the New York Times summed up as  We re Canadian and we re here to help,  the prime minister took office in 2015 pledging to fix its relationship with aboriginals. Two years in, many say he is not doing enough to help indigenous Canadians, who make up about 4 percent of the population and face higher levels of poverty and violence and shorter life expectancies. Canada s national inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women has been hit by resignations and complaints it is progressing too slowly. Pamela Palmater, a Mi kmaq lawyer and professor, said she would rather see action than a speech.  Some of his words were exceptionally powerful (and) would give a lot of hope to a lot of people in Canada, but he falls down every time when it comes to substantive action,  Palmater said. Many aboriginal communities do not have access to safe drinking water, and suicides have plagued several isolated communities. Acknowledging Canada s attempt to force assimilation through residential schooling and other repressive policies, Trudeau called the living conditions aboriginals face  the legacy of colonialism in Canada.  Trudeau promised to move forward with a review of federal laws and policy, and to support indigenous self-determination. Asked by reporters why he used an international stage to discuss a domestic issue, Trudeau said he wanted to highlight what can be done without telling other leaders how to tackle their own mistakes.  This is something that is universal and important,  Trudeau said. Trudeau recently reshuffled his Cabinet to put more emphasis on helping aboriginal people, splitting the federal indigenous and northern affairs ministry in two. ",1
19423,China urges North Korea not to go further in a 'dangerous direction',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China s foreign minister on Thursday called on North Korea not to go further in a  dangerous direction  with its nuclear program and said negotiations were the only way out of the crisis over Pyongyang s weapons development. Wang Yi also told the annual U.N. General Assembly China was committed to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and there should be no new nuclear weapons north or south of the border, or elsewhere in Northeast Asia. He urged the United States to honor its  four  no  commitment,  an apparent reference to an Aug. 1 statement by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, in which he said Washington did not seek the collapse or change of the North Korean government, accelerated reunification of the peninsula, or to send its military north of the border.  We urge the DPRK not to go further along a dangerous direction,  Wang said, referring to North Korea by the acronym of its official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea.  And we call upon all parties to play a constructive role in easing tensions. There is still hope for peace and we must not give up. Negotiation is the only way out, which deserves every effort. Parties should meet each other half way, by addressing each other s legitimate concerns.  Wang made no mention in his speech of U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement of new sanctions on Thursday that open the door wider to blacklisting people and entities doing business with North Korea, including its shipping and trade networks. China, North Korea s main trading partner, has backed successive rounds of United Nations sanctions over North Korean nuclear bomb tests, but has repeatedly said it is opposed to unilateral sanctions and especially  long-arm jurisdiction  over Chinese entities and individuals. ",1
19424,"Merkel's conservatives lead before Sunday vote, far-right gains: poll","BERLIN (Reuters) - Angela Merkel s conservatives maintained a strong lead over their rival Social Democrats (SPD), who lost ground slightly, in a poll published on Thursday, three days before an election the German chancellor is set to win. The Forschungsgruppe Wahlen poll for broadcaster ZDF showed Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc was unchanged on 36 percent while the SPD dropped by 1.5 points to 21.5 percent. The anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which is expected to become the first far-right party in parliament for more than half a century, looked set to come third with 11 percent - one point more than last week. The pro-business Free Democrats were on 10 percent, followed by the radical Left on 8.5 percent and the Greens on 8 percent. That would present as potential alliance options a  grand coalition  between Merkel s conservatives and the SPD, or a three-way  Jamaica  alliance of the conservatives, FDP and Greens - so named because the colours of the parties match those of the Caribbean island s flag. In a theoretical direct vote for chancellor, Merkel would win 56 percent while her SPD challenger Martin Schulz would score 32 percent, according to the poll of 1,725 people conducted on Sept. 20 and 21. ",1
19425,Catalan leader presses on with banned vote on split from Spain,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - The Catalan regional leader on Thursday said he would press on with an Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain, flouting a court ban, as tens of thousands gathered for a second day on the streets of Barcelona demanding the right to vote. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said he had contingency plans in place to ensure the vote would go ahead, directly defying Madrid and pushing the country closer to political crisis.  Spain s Constitutional Court banned the vote earlier this month after Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said it violated Spain s 1978 constitution, which states the country is indivisible. Most opposition parties are also against the vote.  All the power of the Spanish state is set up to prevent Catalans voting,  Puigdemont said in a televised address.   We will do it because we have contingency plans in place to ensure it happens, but above all because it has the support of the immense majority of the population, who are sick of the arrogance and abuse of the People s Party government.  On Thursday, tens of thousands gathered outside the seat of Catalonia s top court in Barcelona, singing and banging drums, to protest the arrests of senior officials in police raids on regional government offices on Wednesday.   This is a step back for democracy,  said one of them, 62-year-old pensioner Enric Farro.  This is the kind of thing that happened years ago - it shouldn t be happening now.  State police arrested Catalonia s junior economy minister, Josep Maria Jove, on Wednesday in an unprecedented raid of regional government offices. Acting on court orders, police have also raided printers, newspaper offices and private delivery companies in a search for campaign literature, instruction manuals for manning voting stations and ballot boxes. Polls show about 40 percent of Catalans support independence for the wealthy northeastern region and a majority want a referendum on the issue. Puigdemont has said there is no minimum turnout for the vote and he will declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  result. A central government s spokesman said protests in Catalonia were organized by a small group and did not represent the general feeling of the people.  In those demonstrations, you see the people who go, but you don t see the people who don t go, who are way more and are at home because they don t like what s happening,  Inigo Mendez de Vigo said.  Mendez de Vigo also said an offer for dialogue from Madrid  remained on the table. Repeated attempts to open negotiations between the two camps over issues such as taxes and infrastructure investment have failed over the past five years. Rajoy said on Wednesday the government s actions in Catalonia were the result of legal rulings and were to ensure the rule of law. The prime minister called on Catalan leaders to cancel the vote. Hundreds of National Police and Guardia Civil reinforcements have been brought into Barcelona and are being billeted in two ferries rented by the Spanish government and moored in the harbor. But the central government must tread a fine line in enforcing the law in the region without seeming heavy-handed. The stand-off between Catalonia and the central government resonates beyond Spain. The country s EU partners publicly support Rajoy but worry that his hardline tactics might backfire . In Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon, who heads the pro-independence devolved government, said she hoped the Catalan and Spanish governments could hold talks to resolve the situation.  In a referendum in 2014, Scots voted to remain within the United Kingdom. ",1
19426,U.S. weighs whether to stay in Iran nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States said on Wednesday it is weighing whether the Iranian nuclear deal serves its security interests even as Iran said it did not expect Washington to abandon the agreement. A collapse of the 2015 deal, which U.S. President Donald Trump has called  an embarrassment  but which is supported by the other major powers that negotiated it with Iran, could trigger a regional arms race and worsen Middle East tensions.     Iranian President Hassan Rouhani vowed that his country would not be the first to violate the agreement under which Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for the loosening of economic sanctions that had crippled its economy.  We don t think Trump will walk out of the deal despite (his) rhetoric and propaganda,  Rouhani told reporters on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly gathering of world leaders. He also ruled out the idea of renegotiating the pact. Trump told reporters he had made a decision on what to do about the agreement but would not say what he had decided. Matters were no clearer after Iran and the world powers that negotiated the deal - Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States - met for talks that a European source said included a long discussion between the U.S. and Iranian foreign ministers. It was the first time that the two men, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, had met since Trump took office on Jan. 20. The EU s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, said all sides believed there had been no violations to the deal but she was unable to say after the roughly hour and 20-minute meeting whether the United States would stick to it.  We already have one potential nuclear crisis. We definitely (do) not need to go into a second one,  she told reporters, alluding to North Korea s pursuit atomic weapons. Asked if the United States had committed to staying in the pact, she appeared to be at a loss and said:  Another question.      Tillerson told reporters Trump did not wish to leave the Iran nuclear issue to the next president.  That is the reason he is very, very carefully considering the decision of whether we find the JCPOA to continue to serve the security interests of the American people or not,  he said, referring to the pact formally called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The U.S. president, who on Tuesday called the deal  one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into,  told reporters he had made up his mind whether to keep the pact but declined to disclose his decision. Trump must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify that Iran is complying with the pact, a decision that could sink the deal. If he does not, the U.S. Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the accord. A senior U.S. official said Trump is leaning toward not certifying that Iran is complying with the pact and letting Congress effectively decide whether to kill the agreement. The official said Trump could always change his mind before the deadline and noted he publicly and privately has fumed about the deal, feeling the United States was taken advantage of. A source familiar with the U.S. discussions said the Trump administration is also considering ways to leave the agreement intact, sanction Iran for its missile tests and support for extremist groups, and then seek to strengthen the pact. The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some U.S. partners that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters it would be a mistake to pull out of the pact. However, he also appeared to open the door for tougher action on Iran, saying the deal was insufficient given Iran s growing regional influence since 2015.  Is this agreement enough? No. It is not, given the evolution of the regional situation and increasing pressure that Iran is exerting on the region, and given ... increased activity by Iran on the ballistic level since the accord,  he said. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the recent tension on the Korean peninsula underlined the importance of the Iranian deal, and that China would continue to support and safeguard it, Chinese state media said. An official from a Gulf nation suggested that his country could accept the deal s collapse. Should Trump either not certify Iranian compliance or withdraw from the deal entirely, the Gulf official said:  I think we can live with that.  ",1
19427,Trump praises Turkey's Erdogan as a friend,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday praised Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan as a friend despite tensions between the two countries over Turkish security officials involved in street fighting with protesters during a visit to Washington in May. Meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump hailed Erdogan s leadership in Turkey and said Erdogan  has become a friend of mine.   I think now we re as close as we ve ever been,  he said. Eleven people were hurt in what Washington s police chief described as a brutal attack on peaceful demonstrators outside the Turkish ambassador s residence. Ankara blamed the violence on groups linked to Kurdish militants fighting an armed campaign in southeastern Turkey. ",1
19428,Banks won't be allowed to do business with both U.S. and North Korea: Mnuchin,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that banks doing business in North Korea would not be allowed to also operate in the United States under a new sanctions order aimed at thwarting Pyongyang s nuclear and missiles program.  No bank in any country should be used to facilitate Kim Jong Un s destructive behavior,  Mnuchin told reporters, referring to North Korea s leader.  Foreign financial institutions are now on notice that going forward they can choose to do business with the United States or with North Korea, but not both.  Mnuchin said any sanctions issued under the new executive order signed by U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday would be forward-looking and not target past behavior. ",1
19429,"Spooked by Catalonia, EU rallies behind Madrid, but warily","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spain s EU partners fear a mounting crisis over Catalans  latest push for independence, and their public support for Mariano Rajoy belies some disquiet that the conservative prime minister s hardline tactics might backfire. Few foreign leaders will speak out on a domestic dispute in which government and courts in Madrid say the Catalan regional authorities in Barcelona are defying a constitutional ban on secession by preparing an independence referendum for Oct. 1.  The official European Union line is that Spanish democracy works and Spaniards should settle their affairs according to national laws. But the worsening standoff, with police arresting elected Catalan officials this week, is troubling officials and politicians abroad, who fear it may hurt Europe in various ways. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, through a spokesman, echoed that line when asked by Reuters if she had had recent contact on the matter with Rajoy, a fellow conservative. While stressing it was an  internal Spanish matter , the spokesman also recalled that Merkel had in previous years told Rajoy that Berlin had  great interest in the maintenance of stability in Spain . Less constrained by diplomatic protocol, other Europeans are starting to speak out:  Rajoy has put a lot of oil on the fire, fuelling the independentist debate. He has made a huge mistake,  Ska Keller, the German co-leader of the Greens in the European Parliament, told Reuters as she called on those who may have influence with Rajoy to intercede and calm things down. While publicly refusing to take sides on whether a Catalan breakaway is desirable, few European leaders would welcome it. As with the 2014 referendum in Scotland, which unlike Catalonia s vote was held with the blessing of the central government in London, countries fear encouraging separatists at home: Belgium s Flemings, Italy s Lombards and so on. There is also a broader unwillingness as Britain exits from the EU to open another Pandora s box of economic uncertainty and legal disruption. The EU s chief executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, was irked when Catalans seized on a remarks last week that they could join the EU after independence to suggest he favored their cause. The European Commission president said he had only reiterated the so-called  Prodi doctrine , dating back 13 years. This is that a breakaway state would have to leave the Union and could then only be let back in if it has gained independence in accordance with constitutional law in the member state it left. Juncker also said that rich  regional traditions  should not become  elements of separatism and fragmentation of Europe . Commission officials reject suggestions they are giving Madrid a soft ride on complaints that Spain s constitution is stifling Catalan rights while the EU is now threatening to suspend Poland over the Warsaw government s plans for constitutional change. The Commission feels constrained by EU law not to take sides in Spain. But the European Parliament, led by the European People s Party (EPP), the center-right bloc to which Rajoy, Merkel and Juncker belong, is more vocal in backing Madrid. Antonio Tajani, the legislature s Italian conservative president, bluntly told a Catalan newspaper last week that to ignore Spain s constitution was to undermine the legal basis for the whole European Union:  Those are the rules,  he said.  This is not a tough line, this is a democratic and a legal line,  the EPP s Spanish Secretary-General Antonio Lopez-Isturiz said, noting that Catalans voted for the constitution in 1978.  The EU legislature s center-left group also backs the view that Spain s constitution must be respected above all.  Nonetheless, that legal approach is causing disquiet.  There are growing concerns in Europe about the way Rajoy is handling this,  said Steven Blockmans of the Centre for European Policy Studies.  They re trying to keep him on board, but with his tactics he s fuelling the independence debate.  Blockmans suggested Spain look at how his native Belgium had amended its constitution to devolve power. The leader of Belgium s powerful Dutch-speaking Flanders region issued a call on Thursday for  international mediation  in the Catalan crisis. Andrew Duff, a British liberal former EU lawmaker now at the European Policy Centre think-tank, said EU leaders should be engaging quietly with Rajoy  to try to soften the sense of crisis . If they are already, they are not making it public.  Rajoy hasn t played this very cleverly,  Duff said.  From Brussels  perspective, this kind of domestic constitutional crisis cries out for political sophistication of a very high level, which we haven t yet seen, either from the Catalans or from Madrid. It puts the Commission in a very awkward position.  A senior EU official said Juncker was likely to go on exercising his right to stay largely silent on the issue for now:  It s like in those police shows,  he said.  Anything you say can be held against you. It s better not to say anything.  ",1
19430,Catalan leader says will proceed with Oct. 1 independence referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - The leader of Catalonia s regional government, Carles Puigdemont, said on Thursday his administration would push on with a banned Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain, in defiance of a court order banning the vote.  We will do it because we have contingency plans in place to ensure it happens, but above all because it has the support of the immense majority of the population who are sick of the arrogance and abuse of the People s Party (PP) government,  he said in a televised statement. The ruling PP government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and major opposition parties in Madrid have declared an independence referendum illegal and against Spain s constitution. ",1
19431,Power crews scramble to Puerto Rico after Maria smashes its grid,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Utility crews from the U.S. mainland were scrambling to Puerto Rico on Thursday after Hurricane Maria left nearly the entire U.S. territory, and many of its Caribbean neighbors, without power, according to officials. The Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA) reported almost 100 percent of its 1.5 million customers were without power as of late Wednesday, the U.S. Department of Energy said in an update on the hurricane s impact on Thursday, after Maria s winds snapped trees and utility polls.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello told CNN PREPA was so severely hit that it could be months before electricity is restored to all those customers. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Hurricane Maria  totally obliterated  the U.S. island territory of Puerto Rico with its electrical grid destroyed. In the U.S. Virgin islands, the majority of the 25,000 customers on St. Croix were also reported to be without power, the DOE report added. Energy support crews have been deployed to St. Thomas and St. Croix in support of Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) teams there, and others are prepared to deploy to Puerto Rico as soon as conditions permit, the DOE said. The American Public Power Association said it was also bringing in utility and contractor crews from parts of the U.S. mainland to help with recovery efforts.  At least one support team is already in Puerto Rico, said Mike Hyland, senior vice president, engineering services at the association, in a phone interview.  They ve been in San Juan since Maria passed and I believe they re going today to St. Thomas. ... Right now our mission is to get the lights back on,  he said, adding that there were limited flights and barges serving the islands.  The power outages have forced critical facilities, like hospitals, to rely on generators, and raised concerns about potential fuel shortages as some gas stations may not have backup power.  The fuel is there, you just can t pump it,  said Patrick DeHaan, petroleum analyst at Gasbuddy.  Maria killed at least 10 people as it raged through the Caribbean, the second major hurricane to do so this month. It packed winds of up to 155 mph (250 kph), when it made landfall on Puerto Rico on Wednesday as the strongest storm to hit the U.S. territory in nearly 90 years. Maria s devastation comes just as Puerto Rico, which is facing the largest municipal debt crisis in U.S. history, and PREPA, which is bankrupt, were recovering from Hurricane Irma, which grazed the island, knocking out power to two-thirds of the residents. Petroleum supplies just under half of the island s electricity, and natural gas supplies nearly one-third, according to federal government data.  In recent years, high world petroleum prices have driven typical Puerto Rican power prices as high as three times those in the U.S. mainland. Maria, which could strengthen somewhat over the next day or so, was forecast to move north in the Atlantic Ocean over the weekend, the NHC said. ",1
19432,Conservative Chile presidential candidate calls for all-renewable grid,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chilean presidential candidate Sebastian Pi era, who is leading in the polls for this November s elections, pledged on Thursday to move the South American country toward a fully renewable electricity grid by 2040.  Conservative Pi era, who previously served as Chile s president from 2010 to 2014, said that if elected he would seek to build on heavy investments the country has made in wind and solar energy.   The goal is that by 2040, Chile has a 100 percent clean and renewable electricity grid and a 100 percent electric public transit system,  Pi era said at a campaign rally. Chile is an obvious target for green energy firms. It imports most of the oil and gas it uses, but its desert climate and long coastline makes solar and wind power a viable prospect, especially as prices for renewables have plunged. A Pi era victory would be welcomed by the copper-producing country s business community, which blames current center-left President Michelle Bachelet for stoking market uncertainty in one of Latin America s most free-market economies. But Pi era is unlikely to win in the first round, and a December runoff against center-left candidate Alejandro Guillier or hard-left Beatriz Sanchez would likely be tight.  Guillier and Sanchez have both also spoken in favor of boosting renewable energy, though neither has given a specific time-frame for moving toward an all-clean grid.   ",1
19433,Ukraine president says Trump shares vision on 'new level' of defense cooperation,"KIEV/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ukraine s Petro Poroshenko met U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday and said afterwards that they had a shared vision on a  new level  of defense cooperation, but not whether this included the U.S. provision of defensive weapons to Ukraine. The United States is reviewing whether to send weapons to Ukraine to help it defend itself, an option that previous U.S. president Barack Obama vetoed and which is opposed by Russia. After meeting Trump in New York, President Poroshenko told a televised briefing:  It s very important that there is a shared vision on a new level of cooperation in the defense sphere.   We discussed all areas of this cooperation, including cooperation with the defense ministry and other institutions,  he added, without saying whether there had been any progress on the defensive weapons initiative. The two leaders skirted around the topic of Russia when they spoke to reporters at the beginning of their private meeting. Instead, they chose to emphasize economic cooperation when they appeared before reporters at their meeting on the fringes of the U.N. General Assembly. Relations between Kiev and Moscow are at their lowest ebb since Russia annexed Crimea more than three years ago and Russian-backed separatist fighters took up arms against Ukrainian government forces in the east of the country. Before holding private talks, Trump praised Poroshenko, telling him that  I wouldn t say it s (Ukraine) the easiest place to live  but  it s getting better and better on a daily basis.  Speaking in English, Poroshenko said he believed that the two countries had improved security and economic cooperation with many U.S. companies doing business in Ukraine.  That s a story that s pretty untold,  said Trump.  Companies are going very strongly right now into the Ukraine, they see a tremendous potential there.  It was not immediately clear if they spoke privately about relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin, who did not attend the U.N. General Assembly. The war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies.  Poroshenko said Trump had supported Ukraine s proposal to deploy U.N peacekeepers  including on the uncontrolled part of the Ukraine-Russia border, which would prevent the possibility of penetration by Russian troops or Russian weapons . Putin this month also suggested U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to eastern Ukraine. But Russia has balked at Ukraine s proposal that would ban any Russian nationals from taking part in the peacekeeping mission which Kiev wants deployed along the part of its border with Russia it does not control. Poroshenko said the meeting with Trump lasted an hour and was also attended by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and other senior U.S. officials. ",1
19434,Union protests against French labor reform losing steam,"PARIS (Reuters) - Far-left trade unionists marched through cities across France on Thursday in a second day of protest against President Emmanuel Macron s overhaul of a labor code long cherished by workers, although their numbers were lower than a week earlier. In Paris, protesters lit flares and carried banners reading  Withdraw All Decrees , a call for Macron to drop the measures, which will give companies more power to set working conditions. The protests challenge the president s ability to push through reforms that are being closely watched in European capitals   Berlin in particular. But they are also a test of union strength at a time their influence appears on the decline.      The head of the CGT union spearheading the street protests said public anger was mounting and warned workers the  corporate bosses  would triumph if trade unions failed to pull together.   When the union movement and workers are divided, it is generally speaking the corporate bosses who win,  CGT chief Philippe Martinez said. The moderate CFDT union, France s biggest, and the leftist Force Ouvriere (FO) have expressed disappointment with Macron, who was elected in May pledging reforms to reboot the economy and cut unemployment, but refused to join the CGT protests.  Some 132,000 people took part in protests across France on Thursday, the Interior Ministry estimated, down from 223,000 at similar rallies last week.  Police said the number of protesters in Paris was a third lower, at about 16,000 protesters, though the CGT put the turnout at 55,000. Macron says he will not bow to street pressure.  The centrist government is due to enact the labor reforms on Friday before embarking on other, potentially more explosive changes. Those include a revamping of France s employment insurance and pension systems. Macron angered workers and leftist opponents when he recently said he would not cede ground to  slackers . Rivals were swift to paint the president as a champion of the wealthy and big business.  He wants to rally behind him influential people, rich people, those that have and consider the rest of us to be a confused mass of savages,  Jean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the hard-left  France Unbowed  party, told reporters before joining the protest in Paris. The ability of the unions to shut down swathes of the economy and force ministers to respond is not what it was. Strikes have become less frequent, less disruptive and less successful.  Companies in France lost 81 days to strikes per 1,000 workers in 2014, compared with more than 300 days in the late 1990s and over a thousand days in the late 1980s.    While the fight against labor reform may be lost, unions plan more protests against the 39-year-old leader s reform drive. Truck drivers will strike on Monday before a rally by pensioners on Sept. 28. Civil servants will take to the streets on Oct. 10. Melenchon will lead his party s own protest on Sept. 23. Macron, whose popularity has fallen sharply since the election, says he has a mandate to re-shape the economy.  The next weeks will be critical to determine how much political capital Macron will lose during the protests,  said London-based think-tank Eurointelligence. ",1
19435,U.N. team to collect evidence of Islamic State crimes in Iraq,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council on Thursday approved the creation of a U.N. investigative team to collect, preserve and store evidence in Iraq of acts by Islamic State that may be war crimes, crimes against humanity or genocide. The 15-member council unanimously adopted a British-drafted resolution, after a year of negotiations with Iraq, that asks Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to establish a team  to support domestic efforts  to hold the militants accountable. British Minister of State for the Middle East Alistair Burt said Britain would provide some $1.3 million to help establish the team.  There can never be adequate recompense for those who were forced to endure the wanton brutality of (Islamic State) and the dead will not be brought back, but this resolution means that the international community is united in our belief that there should, at least, be accountability,  Burt told the council. Use of the evidence collected by the team in other venues, such as international courts, would  be determined in agreement with the Government of Iraq on a case-by-case basis.  Evidence is for primary use by Iraqi authorities, followed by  competent national-level courts,  according to the resolution. Thousands of foreigners have fought with Islamic State and some are already being prosecuted when they return home.  U.N. experts said in June last year that Islamic State was committing genocide against the Yazidis in Syria and Iraq to destroy the minority religious community through killings, sexual slavery and other crimes. International human rights lawyer Amal Clooney and Nadia Murad, a young Yazidi woman who was enslaved and raped by Islamic State fighters in Mosul, have long pushed Iraq to allow U.N. investigators to help. Clooney and Murad, who were both in the Security Council for Thursday s vote, described the resolution as a milestone in the fight for justice.  Nadia and I exchanged a warm smile when we saw the 15 hands go up in the chamber,  Clooney told Reuters.   It s been a long time coming; in the meantime, evidence has been lost and we ve lost some opportunities along the way, but the fact that we have this resolution now means that justice is finally possible,  she said. Murad said she was  very happy  the council had acted.  The Security Council met during the annual gathering of world leaders for the U.N. General Assembly.  We look ahead to the next steps and it s really the next steps that will define whether this piece of paper we acquired today will become real justice on the ground for Yazidis and other victims of ISIS,  Clooney said. Iraq s foreign minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari officially requested international help in a letter to the Security Council last month. The council could have established an inquiry without Iraq s consent, but Britain wanted Iraq s approval. Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces completed the recapture of Mosul, the militants  capital in northern Iraq, after a nine-month campaign. ",1
19436,Colombia arrests local director of Portugal's J.Martins on corruption charges,"LISBON (Reuters) - Colombian police have arrested the local director of operations for Portuguese retailer Jeronimo Martins on charges of corruption, the company said on Thursday, adding it had reported the executive to the authorities itself. Jeronimo Martins, which is the largest food retailer in Poland and the second largest in Portugal, has been expanding in Colombia for the past four years.  Jeronimo Martins Colombia has recently reported to the Colombian authorities the existence of a potential case of private corruption, for personal benefit and harmful to the company, which had been detected by our internal systems,  a company spokeswoman said.  The director of operations of ARA has been detained  following  joint actions with the Colombian authorities,  she said, declining to provide further details. Jeronimo Martins entered the Colombian market in 2013 and has opened more than 200 stores since under the ARA brand. ",1
19437,Somalia rebukes its states for breaking with Qatar,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somalia s government rebuked its three semi-autonomous regions on Thursday for cutting ties with Qatar, saying it was determined to stay neutral in the Gulf nation s dispute with other Arab states. The region of Galmudug issued a statement on Wednesday saying it stood with the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia in the regional row, followed similar declarations last month by the regions of Puntland and Hirshabelle.  Somalia s federal government responded by saying only it had the authority to speak on foreign affairs. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt cut political and trade ties with Qatar on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorism and their arch-foe Iran - charges that Doha denies.     The spat about it in volatile but strategically located Somalia illustrated how far the political ripples from Qatar s dispute have spread.  Somalia s open stance is important for Qatar - Somalia s airspace remains open for Qatar Airways, a critical lifeline amid the blockade.     Gulf Arab States have meanwhile been pouring resources into the semi-autonomous regions.  (The Arab states) are trying to give more energy and emphasize more their relations with these regional governments, trying to pressure them to go against the federal government,  said Nairobi-based Somalia expert Ahmed Roble. The choice by those regions to break from the federal government and reject Qatar, is unsurprising, Roble added.  Somalia s position also underlines its delicate position  - dependent on trade from Saudi Arabia, but increasing close to Turkey, which is backing Qatar in the dispute.  Saudi Arabia in Somalia s top export partner, and the United Arab Emirates supplies the horn of Africa country with key imports from electronics to building materials.  Turkey has poured in more than $1 billion in aid since President Tayyip Erdogan s visit to Somalia in 2011 and is expected to open a military base in Mogadishu this month.  The cabinet reaffirms the federal government s decision in June ... that Somalia is neutral about the conflict of Gulf countries,  read a statement issued by the office of Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khaire.  The statement called on  the conflict be solved brotherly, peacefully and diplomatically.  ",1
19438,EU officials reach draft deal on more North Korea sanctions: sources,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU ambassadors have reached an initial agreement to impose more economic sanctions on North Korea, going beyond the latest round of UN measures, officials and diplomats said on Thursday.   Today the PSC (EU member states  ambassadors) agreed on a package of new autonomous measures,  an EU official said. An EU diplomat said around eight new North Korean officials were likely to be added to the EU sanctions list. The decision is likely to be adopted by EU foreign ministers at their next regular meeting on Oct. 16. ",1
19439,"German officials receive threatening letters, fake anthrax, police say","Berlin (Reuters) - Five top German politicians received envelopes on Thursday that contained threatening letters and a white powder the letters said was anthrax, which turned out to be harmless, Berlin police said. Chancellor Angela Merkel reportedly received one of the letters, the broadcaster ARD said on its website, but the police spokesman did not confirm that. Special security forces were deployed to investigate the incident, a spokesman for the Berlin State Criminal Police office said, confirming news that was first reported ARD. Horst Seehofer, who heads the Bavarian sister party of Merkel s conservatives, told journalists he had received one of the letters. ARD said the other letters went to Katrin Goering-Eckardt and Hans-Christian Stroebele, members of the pro-environment Greens party, and Gregor Gysi, former chief of the left-wing Left party.  Stroebele confirmed the incident in a posting on Twitter. He told ARD that the letter was probably sent by right-wing extremists, even though it was written in Arabic. He gave no explanation. A photograph of the letter included the phrases  Salafist community, Germany  and  Lethal, Do not touch, Dangerous, Caution  - all in typewritten Arabic characters. ",1
19440,Pakistan army pushed political role for militant-linked groups,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - The backing of a candidate in a by-election last weekend in Pakistan by a political party controlled by an Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head was in line with a plan put forward by the military last year to mainstream militant groups, according to sources familiar with the proposal. The Milli Muslim League party loyal to Hafiz Saeed - who the United States and India accuse of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people   won 5 percent of the votes in the contest for the seat vacated when Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was removed from office by the Supreme Court in July. But the foray into politics by Saeed s Islamist charity appears to be following a blueprint that Sharif himself rejected when the military proposed it in 2016, according to three government officials and a retired former general briefed on the discussions. None of the sources interviewed for this article could say for sure if the MML s founding was the direct result of the military s plan, which was not discussed in meetings after Sharif put it on ice last year. The MML denies its political ambitions were engineered by the military. The official army spokesman did not comment after queries were sent to his office about the mainstreaming plan and what happened to it. Pakistan s powerful military has long been accused of fostering militant groups as proxy fighters opposing neighboring arch-enemy India, a charge the army denies. Three government officials and close Sharif confidants with knowledge of the discussions said the military s powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency (ISI) presented proposals for  mainstreaming  some militant groups in a meeting last year. They said that Sharif had opposed the  mainstreaming  plan, which senior military figures and some analysts see as a way of steering ultra-religious groups away from violent jihad.  We have to separate those elements who are peaceful from the elements who are picking up weapons,  said retired Lieutenant General Amjad Shuaib, adding that such groups should be  helped out to create a political structure  to come into the mainstream. The plan   which Shuaib told Reuters was shared with him by the then-head of the ISI -  said those who were willing  should be encouraged to come into the mainstream politics of the country . He added that in his capacity as a retired senior military officer he unofficially spoke to Hafiz Saaed and another alleged militant about the plan, and they were receptive.  Shuaib later said his comments in the interview were taken out of context and were part of a broader discussion about deradicalization strategies. Writing in a local newspaper on Wednesday he said the report  maliciously attributed some statements to me totally out of context, just to suit its own narrative . A spokesperson for Reuters said:  We stand by our reporting.  Saeed s religious charity launched the Milli Muslim League party within two weeks of the court ousting Sharif over corruption allegations.  Yaqoob Sheikh, the Lahore candidate for Milli Muslim League, stood as an independent after the Electoral Commission said the party was not yet legally registered.   But Saeed s lieutenants, JUD workers and MML officials ran his campaign and portraits of Saeed adorn every poster promoting Sheikh, who came in fourth place on Sunday with Sharif s wife taking the seat as expected. Another Islamist designated a terrorist by the United States, Fazlur Rehman Khalil, has told Reuters he too plans to soon form his own party to advocate strict Islamic law.  God willing, we will come into the mainstream - our country right now needs patriotic people,  Khalil said, vowing to turn Pakistan into a state government by strict Islamic law. Saeed s charity and Khalil s Ansar ul-Umma organization are both seen by the United States as fronts for militant groups the army has been accused of sponsoring. The military denies any policy of encouraging radical groups. Still, hundreds of MML supporters, waving posters of Saeed and demanding his release from house arrest, chanted  Long live Hafiz Saeed! Long live the Pakistan army!  at political rallies during the run-up to the by-election.  Anyone who is India s friend is a traitor, a traitor,  went another campaign slogan, a reference to Sharif s attempts to improve relations with long-time foe India that was a source of tension with the military. Both Saeed and Khalil are proponents of a strict interpretation of Islam and have a history of supporting violence - each man was reportedly a signatory to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden s 1998 fatwa declaring war on the United States. They have since established religious groups that they say are unconnected to violence, though the United States maintains those groups are fronts for funneling money and fighters to militants targeting India. Analyst Khaled Ahmed, who has researched Saeed s Jamaat-ud-Dawa charity and its connections to the military, says the new political party is clearly an attempt by the generals to pursue an alternative to dismantling its militant proxies.  One thing is the army wants these guys to survive,  Ahmed said.  The other thing is that they want to also balance the politicians who are more and more inclined to normalize relations with India.   The ISI began pushing the political mainstreaming plan in 2016, according to retired general Shuaib, a former director of the army s military intelligence wing that is separate from the ISI. He said the proposal was shared with him in writing by the then-ISI chief, adding that he himself had spoken with Khalil as well as Saeed in an unofficial capacity about the plan.  Fazlur Rehman Khalil was very positive. Hafiz Saeed was very positive,  Shuaib said.  My conversation with them was just to confirm those things which I had been told by the ISI and other people.  The ISI s main press liaison did not respond to written requests for comment. Saeed has been under house arrest since January at his house in the eastern city of Lahore. The United States has offered a $10 million reward for information leading to his conviction over the Mumbai attacks. Then-Prime Minister Sharif, however, was strongly against the military s mainstreaming plan, according to Shuaib and the three members of Sharif s inner circle, including one who was in some of the tense meetings over the issue. Sharif wanted to completely dismantle groups like JuD. Disagreement on what to do about anti-India proxy fighters was a major source of rancor with the military, according to one of the close Sharif confidants.  In recent weeks several senior figures from the ruling PML-N party have publicly implied that elements of the military - which has run Pakistan for almost half its modern history and previously ousted Sharif in a 1999 coup - had a hand in the court ouster of Sharif, a charge both the army and the court reject. A representative of the PML-N, which last month replaced him as prime minister with close ally Shahid Khaqi Abbasi, said the party was  not aware  of any mainstreaming plan being brought to the table. ",1
19441,South Korea's Moon says North Korea crisis must be handled in 'stable' manner,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in called on Thursday for the North Korean nuclear crisis to be handled in a stable manner, so that peace was not destroyed. Moon told the U.N. General Assembly sanctions were needed to bring Pyongyang to the negotiating table and force it to give up its nuclear weapons, but Seoul was not seeking North Korea s collapse and the international community was ready to help the country if it stood on the right side of history. In the meantime, Moon said all countries must strictly adhere to U.N. sanctions on North Korea and impose tougher steps in the event of new provocations by Pyongyang. ",1
19442,Syrian army fights IS in Deir al-Zor as U.S.-backed forces loom,"DEIR AL-ZOR, Syria (Reuters) - The Syrian army field commander standing by the Euphrates River predicted that Islamic State militants would very soon be  purged  from its opposite bank.  Their fate is hell and the Syrian army pursues its operations step by step until the total liberation of the city,  he told Reuters Television during a tour of areas of Deir al-Zor in Syria s east recently retaken by the military and its allies. Islamic State s last major stronghold, the cities, towns and farms in the fertile strip along the Euphrates are fast becoming the focus of Syria s war and a potential flashpoint for wider geopolitical tensions.  The Syrian army, supported by Russia and Iran-backed Shi ite Muslim militias, reached its besieged garrison in Deir al-Zor this month after a long desert campaign and is now fighting to recapture the city and its environs.  It has also crossed the Euphrates, establishing a bridgehead opposite Deir al-Zor on the east bank, where Kurdish and Arab militias backed by a U.S.-led coalition are waging a rival campaign against Islamic State. The risk of open conflict between the two offensives has mostly been avoided despite their proximity in campaigns further upstream in recent months, thanks to U.S.-Russian dialogue.  But new moments of friction have shown how the danger is rising as the fight against Islamic State nears its climax and both offensives race to secure ground in the oil-rich region.  The U.S.-led coalition this week accused Russia of targeting the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance it backs, and Russia on Thursday accused the SDF of twice shelling the Syrian army, adding it would retaliate in future. The field commander standing on the Euphrates riverbank did not address those issues, but he told Reuters the army would capture the villages opposite where he stood in al-Bughilia, an area close to where the SDF is operating.   Soon, the forces will be deployed toward al-Safira and al-Huseiniya and they will be purged of Daesh,  he said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  Syrian state news agency SANA reported on Thursday that the army had expanded its area of control on the east bank of the Euphrates and a military media unit run by the army s ally Hezbollah said they had gained control of another village there.      Above the Euphrates at Deir al-Zor, Reuters photographs showed soldiers and journalists peering over a wall to take pictures of a river along which the Syrian army has only recently gained stretches of land after an absence of years. On the other side of the pale water was flat farmland held by Islamic State. The army suddenly ordered reporters to leave the riverbank when soldiers noticed plumes of dust on the other side that might signal approaching militants.  A little way downstream, there was fighting on Sakr island, opposite Deir al-Zor s southern quarters, and the al-Mayadin television channel showed live images of farmland where clashes were taking place, smoke rising among the trees.  In recaptured areas of the city, Reuters photographs showed signs of Islamic State s recent presence. Its slogans were written on shopfronts. An armored vehicle, marked  Army of the Caliphate , stood damaged.   Daesh presents a fierce resistance and uses car bombs and heavy and medium weapons,  the field commander said.   There is a decision from the political leadership and the military command in the army to battle and hunt Daesh, and end their presence in Deir al-Zor and beyond.  When the morning Islamic prayer broke across the city, it was at times drowned out by the sound of warplanes flying above.  On the desert road back from Deir al-Zor to government-held areas in the west, a stream of military convoys was passing, according to the Reuters journalists.  With war coming to the east bank of the Euphrates, the convoys were carrying amphibious armored vehicles, bridge parts and boats.  ",1
19443,Suspected separatist bomb wounds 3 police in Cameroon's Anglophone region,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - An improvised bomb wounded three policemen in the main city of Cameroon s minority English-speaking region on Thursday, the regional governor said, in an attack a senior security source blamed on separatist militants. Speaking on state TV, Adolphe Lele Lafrique, Governor of the North West Region, referred to a  terrorist attack  in the city of Bamenda, in the western part of the country. A senior security source told Reuters by telephone the attack was the work of  extremists  who want independence for the Anglophone part of mostly French-speaking Cameroon. If true, it would represent a dangerous escalation of a conflict that had thus far pitted only unarmed demonstrators against the security forces. The security source said the separatists had also launched other attacks in the past three weeks, including burning down several schools.   Today, police working in the service of the nation were targeted in a terrorist attack,  Lafrique said.  This is a new stage in the situation we have been dealing with up until now.  Cameroonians in the English-speaking west of the country have over the past year sporadically protested against what they describe as discrimination by the overwhelmingly Francophone government of President Paul Biya. A small minority want an independent state, which they call  Ambazonia . They have their own flag and a banned TV station, but none had yet been implicated in militant attacks. In response to protests, security forces last year shot dead six protesters, arrested hundreds and charged their leaders with crimes, some of which carry the death penalty. Authorities also unplugged the region s internet for three months. [L8N1FY27S] Biya this month ordered a military court to drop its prosecution against several of the detainees, but his apparent gesture of reconciliation did little to calm tensions. Days later, Anglophone Cameroonians boarded up their shops, stayed home from work and boycotted the start of the school term.         The linguistic division harks back to the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun, in central Africa, between allied victors, leaving most of Cameroon French-administered but a small part run by Britain. ",1
19444,"U.S., Russian generals talk face-to-face on Syria","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. and Russian generals held a face-to-face meeting this week in an effort to avoid accidental clashes as both sides fight to retake what is left of Islamic State s territory in Syria, U.S. military officials said on Thursday.   They had a face-to-face discussion, laid down maps and graphics,  Army Colonel Ryan Dillon, a Baghdad-based spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition, told a Pentagon briefing. He added that it appeared to be the first meeting of its kind.  A U.S. military official, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity, said the participants included both U.S. and Russian generals. ",1
19445,U.N. chief asks Iran president to release former U.N. official,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appealed to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani for the release of U.S. citizen and former U.N. official Baquer Namazi, a U.N. spokesman said on Thursday.  The pair met on Monday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.   The Secretary-General did raise the issue and again appealed for the release of Baquer Namazi on humanitarian grounds,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.  Last October, an Iranian court sentenced Namazi, 80, and his son 46-year-old Siamak Namazi to 10 years in prison on charges of spying and cooperating with the United States. (This story corrects to say Guterres met with Rouhani on Monday, not Thursday)  ",1
19446,Myanmar protesters try to block aid shipment to Muslim Rohingya,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Buddhist protesters in Myanmar threw petrol bombs to try to block an aid shipment to Muslims in Rakhine State, where the United Nations has accused the country s military of ethnic cleansing The incident late on Wednesday, ended when police fired in the air to disperse the protesters, reflected rising communal animosity and came during an official visit by U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy. Murphy said later, after talks with government leaders, that Washington was alarmed by reports of rights abuses and called on authorities to stop the violence, which raised concern about Myanmar s transition from military rule to democracy. Myanmar s army chief on Thursday called for internally displaced non-Muslims to go home. In a speech on his plans for Rakhine State while on his first visit there since strife erupted, he made no mention of the estimated 422,000 Rohingya Muslims who have crossed the border into Bangladesh. They have fled Myanmar to escape a sweeping counter-insurgency operation by his army in response to attacks by Rohingya insurgents on Aug. 25. Hundreds of protesters were involved in the attempt to stop Red Cross workers loading a boat with relief supplies bound for the north of Rakhine State, where the insurgent attacks last month triggered the military backlash. The boat being was loaded with aid at a dock in the state capital of Sittwe, a government information office said.  People thought the aid was only for the Bengalis,  the secretary of the state government, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, using a term that Rohingya find offensive. Protesters threw petrol bombs and about 200 police eventually dispersed them by shooting into the air, a witness and the government information office said. The witness said he saw some injured people. Eight people were detained, the office said. No aid workers were hurt, a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross said. Tension between majority Buddhists and Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has simmered for decades in Rakhine, but it has exploded at times over the past few years, as old enmities surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule. The latest bout of bloodshed began with August s insurgent attacks on about 30 police posts and an army camp, in which about a dozen people were killed. The government says more than 400 people, most of them insurgents, have been killed since then. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign to drive out the Muslim population and torch their villages. Myanmar rejects that, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians. The crisis has drawn international condemnation and U.S. President Donald Trump called on Wednesday for a quick end to the violence.  The plight of the Rohingya has raised questions about the commitment of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi to human rights. Nobel peace prize laureate Suu Kyi addressed the nation on Tuesday and condemned abuses and said all violators would be punished.  However, she did not address the U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the military, which is in charge of security. Murphy, the most senior foreign official to visit Myanmar since the violence erupted, met government officials and representatives of different communities in Sittwe.  It s become quite clear to many that the Burmese security forces have had a response that is disproportionate and failed to protect all local populations,  he later told reporters. The situation could have an impact on Myanmar s transition and risked creating  a more significant terrorism problem .  We continue to call on the Burmese authorities to respect the rule of law, stop the violence - including that perpetuated by local vigilantes,  he said, adding that he had raised concern about two remote Muslim villages cut off by hostile Buddhists that Reuters reported about this week. Military chief Senior General Min Aung Hlaing said his forces had handled the situation as best they could and he urged the internally displaced, most of them Buddhist, to go home.  For the national races who fled their homes, first of all they must go back ... that is their rightful place,  he said in a speech in Sittwe.  National races  refers to officially recognized indigenous ethnic groups. The Rohingya are not recognized as a  national race  and Min Aung Hlaing did not refer to their return. The Bangladesh government and aid groups are struggling with shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies for the refugees, who keep coming, though at a slower pace than over the past couple of weeks, officials say. The group Medecins Sans Frontieres said a  massive scale-up of humanitarian aid in Bangladesh is needed to avoid a massive public health disaster .  ",1
19447,Trump says signs new order to widen sanctions against North Korea,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he had signed an executive order that would allow the United States to ramp up sanctions on North Korean firms in an effort to dissuade Pyongyang from pursuing its nuclear missile program.  Our new executive order will cut off sources of revenue that fund North Korea s efforts to develop the deadliest weapons known to humankind,  he told reporters ahead of a luncheon meeting with the leaders of Japan and South Korea. He said North Korea s textiles, fishing, information technology, and manufacturing industries were among those the United States could target. ",1
19448,Rival Tuaregs sign deal to end years of Mali fighting,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - Rival Tuareg groups said on Thursday they had signed a peace deal in northern Mali, raising hopes of an end to years of fighting and broken ceasefires. Senior members of the separatist CMA and their pro-government opponents known as the Platform said they had settled their differences in the arid region, which is still reeling from a 2012 Islamist insurgency. Past deals have fizzled as goodwill faded - though observers said they were optimistic, as the pact had been signed in Bamako on Wednesday night under the watch of the United Nations, government officials and international mediators.  We assure that in future we will respect all the commitments we have made before you and before the international community,  senior Platform official Fahad Ag Almahamoud said on state radio.  CMA official Bilal Ag Cherif echoed the message, saying:  all parties must respect this document in their behavior and their everyday actions .  Rival Tuareg groups have fought over territory and politics for years. More recent clashes have complicated efforts to counter al Qaeda-linked militants who took the north in 2012 before a French-led intervention pushed them back. The peace deal followed a temporary ceasefire agreed last month which allowed the regional governor to return to the city of Kidal.  This seems like a more permanent agreement (following the ceasefire) and could hold for now,  said Andrew Lebovich, of the European Council on Foreign Relations.  It depends on the internal calculations of each group and if people are simply using the agreement to rebuild their forces.   ",1
19449,"Turkey, Iran, Iraq consider counter-measures over Kurdish referendum","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey, Iran and Iraq have agreed to consider counter-measures against Kurdish northern Iraq over a planned independence referendum, Turkey s foreign ministry said on Thursday. In a joint statement, the foreign ministers of the three countries voiced concerns that the referendum would endanger the gains Iraq has made against Islamic State, and reiterated their fears over the potential for new conflicts in the region.  In the meeting, the three ministers emphasized that the referendum will not be beneficial for the Kurds and the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), and agreed, in this regard, to consider taking counter-measures in coordination,  the statement said. The statement gave no details on the possible measures but said the ministers, who were in New York attending the United Nations General Assembly, called on the international community to intervene. Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan has threatened to impose sanctions against Kurdish northern Iraq. Turkish troops are also carrying out military exercises near the border. The central government in Baghdad, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers fear the vote could divide the country and spark a wider regional conflict, after Arabs and Kurds cooperated to dislodge Islamic State from its stronghold in Mosul. The statement said Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and their Iraqi counterpart Ibrahim al-Jaafari expressed concerns that conflicts surfacing as a result of the referendum would  prove difficult to contain . But the Kurds say they are determined to go ahead with the vote, which, though non-binding, could trigger the process of separation in a country already divided along sectarian and ethnic lines. The three ministers also voiced their  strong commitment  to maintain Iraq s territorial and political unity, the foreign ministry s statement said. Turkey, which has pulled forward a cabinet meeting and national security council session to Friday over the referendum, will also convene parliament for an extraordinary meeting on Saturday, the chairman of the ruling AK Party s parliamentary group said on Thursday. ",1
19450,"Iraq launches offensive on Hawija, an Islamic State-held region near oil city Kirkuk","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq launched an offensive on Thursday to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija, west of the oil city of Kirkuk and one of two areas of the country still under the control of the militants. The Iraqi Joint Operations Command said the offensive to capture Hawija in northern Iraq  will be swift,  state TV reported.  The action, announced by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, took place four days before a referendum on Kurdish independence due to be held in northern Iraq, including Kirkuk. Abadi says Monday s referendum is against the constitution and has called on the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government to cancel it. Kirkuk is shaping up as a flashpoint ahead of the independence vote as it is also home to Arab and Turkmen communities who oppose breaking away from Iraq. Kurdish Peshmerga forces took control of Kirkuk after the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of Islamic State offensive in 2014, preventing the militants from capturing the oil fields. A U.S.-led international coalition is providing air support to the Iraqi forces  offensive on Hawija, state TV said.  The Iraqi forces, deployed north and west of Hawija district, are pushing southward along the Tigris River and had cleared the first lines of defense by midday, state TV said.  A total of 23 villages were captured from Islamic State, said the operation s commander, Lieutenant General Abdul Ameer Yarallah, cited by the TV channel.  We finished the first chapter of the liberation operation,  in Hawija, he said, without indicating the timing of the second chapter.    The United Nations last week said up to 85,000 people could be displaced from the Hawija region. Up to 30,000 children are in extreme danger, Save the Children said on Thursday.   They have already suffered horribly under ISIS rule...food, water and medicine are running out, with many children reportedly weak and malnourished,  the organization said.   It is imperative that all Iraqi and coalition forces open up safe escape routes for people and allow civilians to flee to wherever is safest,  it added. Iraqi forces and Sunni tribal fighters also captured on Thursday the region of Ana, in the Euphrates River valley, as they pushed toward the Syria border, a military statement said.  The offensive on Hawija should not affect the Kurdish plan to hold the referendum in Kirkuk on Monday, a Kurdish official told Reuters.   The Peshmerga hold the frontlines with the Hawija district from the eastern side, near Kirkuk, but are not taking part in the offensive, he said.    Hawija, north of Baghdad, and a stretch of land along the Syrian border, west of the Iraqi capital, are the last pieces of the country still in the hands of Islamic State. The group overran about a third of Iraq in 2014. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a grueling nine-month battle. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took part in operations against the militants.  Islamic State also controls territory in Syria, along the Iraqi border but it is shrinking fast in the face of a U.S.-backed Kurdish-led coalition and Russian and Iranian-backed forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.            ",1
19451,Uganda postpones bill to extend Museveni's rule after protests,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan authorities postponed a bill to extend leader Yoweri Museveni s rule after protesters took to the streets against it on Thursday, confronting police who fired teargas. Parliament speaker Jacob Oulanyah told lawmakers during a raucous session that the legislation due to be introduced on Thursday afternoon was  bringing tension  and would come back on another, unspecified date. Activists, campaign groups, religious leaders and even some members of Museveni s own ruling party have objected to the proposed change to the constitution, saying it is undemocratic.      Groups of students at Makerere, a public university in the capital Kampala, rallied to start marching toward parliament before police dispersed them with teargas. Protesters regrouped through the morning, throwing stones back at police.  We are not going to allow anybody to hold protest marches. The teargas was to deter that,  police spokesman Asan Kasingye said. Museveni, aged 73, has already been in power for more than three decades. The change to the constitution would have removed a rule banning anyone older that 75 running for president that currently bars him from running for re-election at polls in 2021. The move to amend legislation mirrors similar tactics used in Rwanda, Burundi and the Democratic Republic Congo to extend limits, a trend that has alarmed democracy watchdogs.  Museveni won plaudits in the early years of his rule for restoring stability after years of turmoil, and became a key Western ally who sent Ugandan troops to fight Islamist militants in Somalia. But accusations of rampant rights violations, entrenched graft and dysfunctional public services have since fueled opposition to his rule.     Police have also raided the premises of at least two pro-democracy organizations in Kampala, including that of the local unit of Johannesburg-based ActionAid International.  Security personnel blockaded staff inside their offices late on Wednesday and conducted searches, staff members of the organizations told Reuters.  There was intelligence that we got that they received funding for people who are planning to cause chaos and violence,  police spokesman Kasingye said.  Local media said Kampala s mayor Erias Lukwago - an opposition party member - was detained early on Thursday, though Kasingye said he was unaware of the reports. Museveni s bid has also met increasing denunciation from some members of the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) Party, exposing cracks. The NRM counts about three-thirds of all parliament members.  Ultimately... Museveni has ample patronage at his disposal and, when push comes to shove, few lawmakers will be prepared to risk political exile by not backing the president,  said Charlotte King, a Uganda analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit.  The U.S. Embassy in Kampala condemned the raids on pro-democracy groups.   The United States is deeply concerned that recent arrests and raids stifle the Ugandan people s right to free expression and tarnish Uganda s global image,  it said in a statement. ",1
19452,U.S. 'making a lot of progress' on North Korea issue: Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States was making progress on the North Korean issue, ahead of an expected sanctions announcement by Washington over Pyongyang s ballistic and nuclear weapons program.  I think we re making a lot of progress in a lot of ways,  Trump said before going into a meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly. ",1
19453,Trump says Puerto Rico obliterated by Hurricane Maria,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Hurricane Maria  totally obliterated  the U.S. island territory of Puerto Rico with its electrical grid destroyed. Trump told reporters during a meeting with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko that he would visit Puerto Rico at some point. He did not specify a time. He described Puerto Rico as in  very, very, very perilous shape  and said U.S. emergency authorities were starting to work on helping in the recovery. ",1
19454,Kenyan president says repeat election must be held within set time,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s repeat presidential election must be held within the 60 days stipulated in the constitution after the Supreme Court nullified the result of a vote held last month, President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Thursday.  Kenyatta also accused the court of reaching its decision without scrutinizing and verifying the forms used to tally the Aug. 8 vote and said the decision could thrust the country into judicial chaos. The Kenyan election board said earlier that it had now rescheduled the election for Oct. 26 after a French firm providing the technology for the polls said it would not be ready in time for Oct. 17, the previous date set for the re-run. ",1
19455,U.S. government watchdog calls for changes in Afghan training effort,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Even as thousands of additional American troops head to Afghanistan, a U.S. government watchdog is warning that tens of billions of dollars could be wasted unless changes are made in the training of Afghan security forces. Deficiencies in the Afghan forces, including the military and police, are getting renewed attention after U.S. President Donald Trump s administration decided to send more than 3,000 additional troops to the country where the United States has been engaged in its longest war. Washington has spent $70 billion training Afghan forces since 2002, and is still spending more than $4 billion a year, according to a report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, or SIGAR, published on Thursday.  Despite those sums, Afghan security forces are struggling to prevent advances by Taliban insurgents more than 16 years after the United States invaded Afghanistan to topple the Islamist Taliban government that gave al Qaeda the sanctuary where it plotted the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. According to U.S. estimates, government forces control less than 60 percent of Afghanistan, with almost half the country either contested or under the control of insurgents. The report said U.S. forces focused on carrying out military operations during the initial years after the 2001 invasion, rather than developing the Afghan army and police. When the United States and NATO did look to develop the security forces, they did so with little input from senior Afghan officials, according to the report. At one point, the report said, training for Afghan police officials used Power Point slides from U.S. and NATO operations in the Balkans.  The presentations were not only of questionable relevance to the Afghan setting, but also overlooked the high levels of illiteracy among the police,  the report said. John Sopko, the head of SIGAR, said that one U.S. officer watched TV shows such as  Cops  and  NCIS  to understand what to teach Afghan officials. Sopko said the U.S. government approach to Afghanistan lacked a  whole of government approach  in which different agencies such as the State Department and Pentagon coordinate efforts. The inability of embassy officials in Kabul to venture far outside their secure compound also affected oversight and coordination, he said. The goal of U.S. policy remains enabling local forces to defeat the Taliban and secure the country so economic development can proceed.  Victory would look like people in the Government of Afghanistan (being able to) handle this threat from the terrorists, using their own security forces, with international mentors probably there for many years to come,  U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said recently. Michael Kugelman, a South Asia specialist at the Woodrow Wilson Center, a Washington think tank, said that while the Afghan forces had major shortcomings, including their ability to collect intelligence and hold territory, their progress should not be overlooked.   It is easy to forget the progress that the security forces have made amid all the doomsday rhetoric, but there have been very real improvements in the Afghan security forces. For instance, the special forces have become jewel of the Afghan security forces,  Kugelman said. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said on Wednesday the country s army was not only better trained and profiting from a new generation of soldiers but had gained experience after huge cuts in the U.S.-led international force under former U.S. President Barack Obama forced Afghans to assume a bigger role in the fighting. ",1
19456,Anti-Zuma MP quits South Africa's 'corrupt' ANC,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - African National Congress (ANC) MP Makhosi Khoza, a strident critic of scandal-plagued President Jacob Zuma, quit South Africa s ruling party on Thursday, labeling Nelson Mandela s 105-year-old liberation movement  alien and corrupt . The 47-year-old Zulu linguistics expert, an ANC supporter since the age of 12, denounced Zuma in July as a  dishonorable and disgraceful leader  due to the litany of scandals he has attracted during his eight years in power. Her comments earned her death threats and a provincial party disciplinary hearing, but Khoza said she was not prepared to sit around and wait for the verdict from a party she said was willfully blind to the failings of its leader.  Why haven t we charged Zuma? Why are we charging Makhosi Khoza? We are making a mockery of the rule of law. We are making a mockery of the ANC constitution,  she said in an interview on the SABC, the state broadcaster.  Charge Zuma. Fire Zuma from the ANC, then I will know that you are serious about self-correcting.  Khoza is believed to have been one of around 30 ANC members of parliament who voted against Zuma in an ultimately unsuccessful Aug. 8 parliamentary no-confidence vote conducted by secret ballot. ANC spokesman Zizi Kodwa did not answer calls to his mobile phone. The most serious allegations against Zuma relate to his friendship with the Guptas, a family of Indian-born businessmen accused of using political influence to secure lucrative contracts with state-run companies and remain above the law. Zuma and the Guptas, who employ Zuma s son, Duduzane, as a director of at least one of their companies, have denied any wrongdoing and say they are the victims of a politically motivated witch-hunt. Zuma s time at the helm of the ANC comes to an end in December when the party chooses a new leader, although he will remain head of state until 2019 unless the ANC removes him early, as it did with President Thabo Mbeki in 2008. As Khoza fulminated on air, Zuma s former wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma was sworn in behind closed doors as a member of parliament, cementing the belief she is his preferred successor against challengers led by Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa. The parliamentary seat gives Dlamini-Zuma, ex-chairwoman of the African Union Commission in Addis Ababa, a platform from which to raise her profile ahead of December s party leadership conference. Separately, the Pretoria High Court delivered a blow to the Gupta s media-to-mining commercial empire, throwing out its attempt to block India s Bank of Baroda, the last bank in South Africa prepared to handle its money, from pulling the plug. Judge Hans Fabricius dedicated eight pages of his verdict to the allegations against the Guptas, questioning why police and prosecutors had failed to act despite years of stunning media revelations and numerous formal criminal complaints.  I could not help wonder whether, unbeknown to me, democracy and the rule of law had somehow been suspended,  he said, lamenting the decline from the optimism and idealism of the self-styled  Rainbow Nation  immediately after apartheid ended.  Could it be possible that the future, so bright in 1994, was now only history?  he continued.  Do the various investigating bodies of the police service ... still remember their constitutional duty to combat and investigate crime?  Gary Naidoo, editor of the Gupta-owned New Age newspaper and the family s de facto spokesman, was not available for comment. ",1
19457,Syria's Kurds to hold historic vote in 'message' to Assad,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kurdish-led regions of northern Syria will hold elections on Friday, a historic expression of free will and a message to President Bashar al-Assad as he seeks to reassert control over the whole country, a senior Syrian Kurdish politician said.  As Kurds in neighboring Iraq prepare to vote on secession from Baghdad, Hadiya Yousef told Reuters that Assad s aim to take back all of Syria could lead to its partition, though Syria s Kurds insist that independence is not their aim. The three-phase vote set to begin on Friday is part of a plan mapped out by Syrian Kurdish groups and their allies to set up a federal system of government that will shore up the autonomy they have enjoyed in the north since 2011, when Syria s civil war broke out. The political structures expected to emerge from the process are inspired by the ideas of Abdullah Ocalan, the head of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), who is in jail in Turkey for leading a three-decade insurgency. Turkey views Kurdish autonomy in northern Syria as a threat to its national security. In Friday s election, voters will be picking leaders for some 3,700 communities, or  communes , spread across three regions of the north. The process will be followed in November by elections to local councils and culminate in January with the election of an assembly that will act as a parliament. The Syrian government, which is regaining swathes of territory with Russian and Iranian support, opposes the plan and has repeatedly insisted that it will recover all the territory that has slipped from its grip during six years of war.  The regime s insistence on renewing this authoritarian, centralized regime will lead to a deepening of the Syrian crisis,  said Yousef, who co-chairs a constituent assembly at the heart of the plans for the new system of government.  If (the government) insists on this position, the regime will steer Syria toward partition,  she said by phone. The people of northern Syria had the means to defend themselves, she noted, and urged Damascus to accept dialogue. The main Syrian Kurdish groups and their militia, the YPG, have emerged as a major force in Syria since the onset of the war, and now control approximately a quarter of the country. Damascus and its allies on the one hand and the YPG and its allies on the other have mostly stayed out of each other s way in the war. But tensions are surfacing as the sides race to grab territory from Islamic State in Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria. The YPG is the main component of the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, and its area recaptured from Islamic State. Though it backs the YPG, the United States last year declared its opposition to creation of autonomous zones in Syria. It has also come out against the Iraqi Kurdish independence vote set for Monday.    Yousef said the decision to hold the elections while the people of northern Syria were simultaneously fighting Islamic State reflected their determination to press ahead.  At the same time, it is a message to the Syrian regime that we as the Syrian people have will and want our will to be represented in the election of our administration to run our regions and societies,  she said. The elections will not take place in all the areas controlled by the SDF. There will be no vote in the city of Manbij, captured from Islamic State last year, for example, or in recently captured areas near the city of Raqqa, she said. Critics say the governing structures set up so far in northern Syria are less democratic than they claim to be, and are dominated by officials committed to the PKK.     But senior Kurdish politician Al-Dar Khalil said a culture of democracy was being advanced in the region, after years of oppressive Baath Party rule.  In Syria, from  63 ... we were living in the shadow of the Baath Party - one party controlling all institutions and aspects of life,  he told Reuters.  We want to change this mindset.       ",1
19458,Pope candidly admits Church 'arrived late' in confronting abuse,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis, in some of his most candid and personal comments on the sexual abuse of children by priests, said on Thursday that the Catholic Church had  arrived late  in dealing with the problem. Francis, speaking in unscripted remarks to a commission advising him on how to root out sexual abuse, also acknowledged that early in his papacy he had made one bad call in being too lenient with an Italian priest who later went on to abuse again. He also said he had decided to change current procedures for dealing with abusive priests by eliminating appeals trials in cases where there was definitive proof. Francis surprised members of the commission by putting aside his entire prepared speech and chatting to them.  There is the reality that the Church arrived at the consciousness of these crimes a bit late,  he said.  When consciousness arrives late, the means to resolve the problems also arrive late. I am aware of this difficulty but it is reality and I say it plainly: We arrived late.  Church sexual abuse broke into the open in the United States with reports of cases in Louisiana in 1984 and exploded in 2002, when journalists in Boston found that bishops had systematically moved abusers to new posts instead of defrocking them. Thousands of cases have come to light around the world as investigations have encouraged long-silent victims to go public, shattering the Church s reputation in places such as Ireland, and more than $2 billion has been paid in compensation.  The old practice of moving people around and not confronting the problem made consciences fall asleep,  he said. Francis acknowledged that the commission, which was founded in 2014, had to  swim against the tide,  a reference to high level defections from its ranks. Marie Collins of Ireland, a non-clerical member who was victim of priestly abuse when she was a child, quit in frustration in March, citing a  shameful  lack of cooperation within the Vatican. Another, Peter Saunders of Britain, took a leave of absence last year in protest over a lack of progress. Francis said that everyone had to realize that sexual abuse is  a sickness  with a high probability of relapse.  That person may repent today ... but may commit it again after two years. We have to put it into our heads that this is a sickness,  he said. Francis said he would change current Vatican procedures to severely limit chances of appeal for pedophile priests convicted by church tribunals, saying they often were overly legalistic, allowing for reduced sentences on procedural grounds.  I have decided to balance this out and say that if an abuse of a minor is proven, it is sufficient and there should be no recourse. If the proof is there. Period. It s definitive,  he said. Francis, who was elected in 2013, acknowledged he made one bad judgment early in his papacy concerning an Italian priest, Mauro Inzoli. In that case, the bishop of Crema, had ruled that Inzoli would be removed from the public ministry while remaining a priest but a Church tribunal ruled that he be defrocked. The pope sided with the bishop.  I was new (in the papacy) I did not understand these things well and chose the more benevolent of the two sentences but after two years the priest had a relapse. I learned from this,  Francis said. ",1
19459,Germany will strive to save Iran nuclear deal: Gabriel,"NEW YORK/BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will do all it can to persuade the United States not to abandon the Iranian nuclear agreement, whatever the outcome of German elections on Sunday, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday. Gabriel told reporters any U.S. move to cancel the Iran deal and impose new sanctions on Tehran would discourage powers such as North Korea from negotiating an end to their own nuclear programs. Germany would work with the European Union, France, Britain and where possible China and Russia to press Washington to preserve the deal, under which Iran curbed its nuclear work in exchange for the lifting of sanctions, he said on the sidelines of a U.N. meeting in New York. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives are poised to win Sunday s elections, but it remains unclear if Gabriel s Social Democrats will play a role in the next coalition government. Gabriel said Germany would maintain its position on the Iran deal, regardless of which parties formed the next government. U.S. President Donald Trump has called the Iran deal  an embarrassment , but Germany and other powers who also negotiated it with Iran fear its collapse could trigger a regional arms race. Trump must decide by Oct. 15 whether to certify that Iran is complying with the pact. If he does not, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the accord.  Now we will all try to convince the Americans in the remaining weeks ... that calling the agreement into question will not increase security,  Gabriel said.  The United States said on Wednesday it was weighing whether the nuclear accord served its security interests. Iran said it did not expect Washington to abandon it.  Gabriel said Germany would have to consider whether to stick to the agreement even if Washington backed out, but said that could prove  very difficult , given that the United States would immediately impose new sanctions against Iran. He said Iran was complying with the deal but businesses had been reluctant to commit to investments and contracts out of concern that the United States could re-impose sanctions under the agreement s  snapback provision . Gabriel said it was  tragic  that the only agreement aimed at preventing the spread of nuclear weapons was being called into question.  In Berlin, German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said Germany, as one of Iran s most important trading partners in Europe, had a  great interest  in preserving the agreement. German exports to Iran rose 23 percent to 1.4 billion euros in the first half of 2017. The foreign minister said he accepted the U.S. position that Iran s behavior in the Middle East had not improved since the deal - but added there was no hope of it changing its ways if the accord fell. Any collapse would send a  terrible signal  for other diplomatic efforts.  What should motivate countries like North Korea or others to enter into negotiations in the future when the one example of such a deal is being destroyed?  he said. ",1
19460,EU wants May to make firm offers now for Brexit deal: Barnier,"ROME (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should make the EU firm offers by next week to break deadlock in Brexit talks if she wants an orderly withdrawal and transition to a new relationship, the bloc s negotiator said on Thursday. Speaking to the Italian parliament on the eve of a speech that May will deliver in Florence, Michel Barnier said he was wondering why there was still  major uncertainty  on all key issues Brussels wanted settled before opening talks on the transition to a future trade deal it expects her to ask for.  To make progress, we are waiting for clear commitments from the UK on these precise issues,  Barnier said, noting demands for European Union citizens in Britain to have their rights there protected by EU courts and for London to pay a hefty bill before leaving.  We will listen attentively and constructively to Theresa May s important speech tomorrow in Florence,  added Barnier, who holds a new round of Brexit negotiations in Brussels next week.  A rapid agreement on the conditions of the UK s orderly withdrawal, and a transition period, is possible ... For that to happen, we would like the United Kingdom to put on the table, as soon as next week, proposals to overcome the barriers.  An agreement on orderly withdrawal was  a precondition for any constructive and trustworthy discussion on our future relationship with the United Kingdom.  Barnier renewed criticism of Britain s treatment of 3 million EU expatriates in the country, noting deportation letters sent to some recently in error and allegations that May s interior ministry defied a High Court order over an asylum case.  London has rejected EU demands that the European Court of Justice remain the ultimate arbiter for EU citizens in Britain and says its own court system offers sufficient guarantees. But Barnier s position remains that the EU wants its own safeguards. TWO-YEAR TRANSITION? The BBC said after May discussed the Florence speech with her cabinet that she would ask for a two-year transition period after Brexit in March 2019, would refer to  paying our dues  and say that a deal with the EU would be unlike other countries . European capitals expect May to try to break a deadlock in the talks over the coming days by signaling a readiness to pay the EU to stay in the single market for two to three years after Brexit, easing fears of a disruptive break. Barnier recalled that the EU was ready to consider a  short transition period if the British government requests one  but also underlined that would entail accepting EU rules, including on its budget. And he noted that the more benefits Britain wanted the more it would have to accept obligations to the EU. The EU executive estimates Britain may owe something like 60 billion euros ($70 billion) on leaving, while Britain questions whether it has any legal liability. EU officials have said that British payments to the EU during a post-Brexit transition   its current annual payments are about 10 billion euros   cannot be offset against a need to settle a pre-Brexit  divorce bill . However, they acknowledge that the British government might find ways to present the various financial agreements it makes in a way it hopes may limit criticism from hardline Brexit supporters of any divorce settlement and transition payments. ",1
19461,French businessman pledges to pay Austrian face veil fines,"VIENNA (Reuters) - A French businessman said he would pay all fines imposed on women wearing a full-face veil in Austria under a law banning it from Oct. 1, an Austrian broadcaster reported. The reported remarks from Rachid Nekkaz, who already pays fines for women who wear Muslim niqabs and burkas despite bans in France and Belgium, provoked criticism from Austria s Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz. The Austrian ban makes public wearing of the Arab-style niqab, which leaves the eyes uncovered, and the Afghan-style burqa, which covers the face with a cloth grid, liable to a fine of 150 euros.  I am reaching out to all women in Europe and especially to women in Austria who voluntarily wear the burqa, I will always be there and pay the fines,  Nekkaz was quoted as saying in a Servus TV interview, which will be aired Thursday evening. If one accepts freedom of religion, one also had to accept a religion s visibility, he said. The property dealer with Algerian roots said he had already spent around 300,000 euros  ($360,000) covering relevant fines. Foreign Minister Kurz, who is the conservative front runner for next month s national election with his People s Party, said Austria would not tolerate symbols aimed at establishing a parallel society.    Whoever wears niqab or burka in Austria has to deal with the consequence,  Kurz said. He threatened to fine Nekkaz if he followed through with his plans. ",1
19462,Trump says will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea. Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers.  We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,  Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani. On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting. ",1
19463,Nine killed as Rohingya aid truck crashes in Bangladesh,"DHAKA (Reuters) - A truck carrying relief supplies for Rohingya Muslim refugees  skidded off a hilly road in Bangladesh and plunged into a paddy field on Thursday, killing nine people and injuring 10, police and aid workers said. The accident happened in a district near the Myanmar border where refugees have been arriving since late last month to escape a Myanmar military offensive against insurgents that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing.  Six died on the spot while three died on the way to hospital,  A. K. M. Jahangir, a senior official with the Red Crescent relief group, told Reuters. Some of the injured were in critical condition, he added. The dead and injured were laborers, traveling in the truck to help distribute the aid supplies. About 422,000 refugees from Myanmar have poured into Bangladesh since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts triggered the Myanmar army offensive in response. Buddhist-majority Myanmar denies ethnic cleansing, saying its security forces are tackling Rohingya terrorists. ",1
19464,Myanmar army chief urges internally displaced to return to Rakhine,"SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Myanmar s army chief called on Thursday for people internally displaced by violence in Rakhine State to go home and rebuild communities, but he made no mention of 422,000 Rohingya Muslims who fled to Bangladesh to escape his force s operations. Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, in a major speech on his plans for Rakhine state on his first visit there since the latest strife erupted, said the military had handled the situation as best as it could after a wave of coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on Aug. 25. The United Nations has said the military response to the insurgent attacks is ethnic cleansing aimed at pushing the Rohingya Muslim community out of Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Myanmar denies that, saying its forces are waging a legitimate campaign against Muslim terrorists who have been attacking and torching villages of Buddhists and other non-Muslims, some 30,000 of whom were internally displaced. Min Aung Hlaing did not mention the accusation of ethnic cleansing in his speech to business people, officials and some of the displaced, in Sittwe, the state capital.  Regarding the rehabilitation of villages of our national races, for the national races who fled their homes, first of all they must go back to their places,  he said.  National races  is a Myanmar term referring to members of officially recognized indigenous ethnic groups who make up the diverse nation. The Rohingya are not recognized as a  national race , and are instead seen as illegal immigrants and denied citizenship. Animosity between Buddhists in Rakhine state and the Rohingya goes back generations, but has seethed in recent years, fueled in part by a surge of Buddhist nationalism since nearly five decades of strict military rule came to an end.  The important thing is to have our people in the region. It s necessary to have control of our region with our national races,  Min Aung Hlaing said.  We can t do anything if there are no people from our national races ... that is their rightful place.  Min Aung Hlaing did not refer to the return of Muslims to their villages in the north of the state, almost half of which have been abandoned and torched. The crisis has drawn international condemnation and calls from the United Nations and U.S. President Donald Trump for the military to stop the violence and support diplomatic efforts for a long-term solution for the Rohingya. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, in her first address to the nation on the crisis on Tuesday, said Myanmar was ready to start a verification process to take back refugees, under a 1993 arrangement with Bangladesh.  Refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem,  she said. Min Aung Hlaing did not mention the return of refugees from Bangladesh.    ",1
19465,Visualizing the influx of Rohingya refugees,"(Reuters) - United Nations aid agencies said this week they are ramping up operations in southeast Bangladesh where more than 420,000 Rohingya Muslims have sought refuge from violence in neighboring Myanmar. The refugees have come by land, river and sea, trekking for days in monsoon weather to find sanctuary in Bangladesh, where nearly 200,000 Rohingya were already living in camps. A Reuters graphic shows how the influx of refugees accelerated in the three weeks after the violence began on Aug 25 when Rohingya militants attacked about 30 police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. Myanmar s military responded with a fierce counter-offensive that triggered the exodus of Rohingya to Bangladesh, putting a huge strain on humanitarian agencies in the Cox s Bazar area. See the interactive graphic here: tmsnrt.rs/2xTId74 The U.N. rights agency has branded the actions by Myanmar s security forces a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling Rohingya insurgents who it accuses of setting fire to villages and attacking civilians.   ",1
19466,India presses on with Myanmar defense supplies in show of support,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India is considering supplying arms to Myanmar s government in a sign of strong support for a neighbor that faces criticism for its crackdown on Rohingya Muslims. The arms were discussed during a visit by the chief of Myanmar s navy, Indian officials said on Thursday. The two sides also talked about training Myanmar sailors on top of the courses taught to its army officers at elite Indian defense institutions. India s decision to discuss enhancing military cooperation with its eastern neighbor appears part of a push to counter Chinese influence in the region. It comes at a time when Western countries are stepping up pressure on Myanmar s government for violence against Rohingya Muslims in its northwestern Rakhine state. Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting fires and attacking civilians. Britain said this week it was suspending its training program for the Myanmar military, demanding it take steps to end the violence against civilians. On Wednesday, the commander-in-chief of the Myanmar navy Admiral Tin Aung San met Indian Defence Minister Nirmala Sitaraman and the chiefs of India s army, navy and air force. The two sides are discussing the supply of offshore patrol boats, a military official said. The Myanmar navy chief also visited the naval ship building site in Mumbai as part of the four-day trip that ends on Thursday.  Myanmar is a pillar of our Look East policy and defense is a large part of the relationship,  said the official.  In 2013, India offered to supply equipment such as artillery guns, radars and night vision devices to Myanmar s army. Since then, the focus has shifted to naval cooperation as India seeks to push back against Chinese influence in the region.  The two sides are expected to increase coordinated patrols in the Bay of Bengal that help the two navies operate together.  The fact that the Indian government is receiving a high level military officer at a time when the international community is criticizing the military sends out a signal,  said K.Yhome who specializes on India s neighborhood policy at the New Delhi-based Observer Research Foundation.   The message is (that) India is with the Myanmar government so far as the Rohingya issue is concerned,  he said. Since the crisis erupted in Rakhine last month, New Delhi has been supportive of de facto leader Aung Saan Suu Kyi, condemning insurgent attacks on security forces that prompted a military crackdown against the Rohingya. Only later as international criticism mounted, India expressed concern at the flight of hundreds of thousands of refugees into neighboring Bangladesh. China has also stood by the Myanmar government. This week Foreign Minister Wang Yi told U.N. Secretary-General Ant nio Guterres that it supported Myanmar s efforts to protect its national security and opposes recent violent attacks in Rakhine. ",1
19467,Tokyo Governor Koike's allies seek to repeat local success in Japan national poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - With no platform, no party leader and not even a formal name, a nascent political party linked to popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike is preparing for a snap election that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is expected to call for next month. Koike, 65,  is a former ruling party lawmaker often mentioned as a possibility to become Japan s first female premier. In a Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly election in July, she adeptly exploited voters  longing for a viable alternative to Abe s conservative Liberal Democratic Party in handing the LDP an historic defeat. Now her allies hope to use Koike s political star power and reformist message to replicate that success nationally in the lower house. Skeptics say achieving that could be tough and a more likely outcome is her new group stays a Tokyo-based force. Koike, a media-savvy former TV announcer who defied the LDP to run for governor last year, has said she s focused on her current job, including preparing for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, although she has not ruled out returning to parliament.  There are unexpected things and expected things, and while watching the situation, I want to consider what is best for Tokyo and the nation,  she told reporters on Wednesday when asked if she d run for parliament s lower house. She also dodged a question as to whether she would lead the new party formally. Koike s allies had planned to launch the new party by year s end but were caught off guard by Abe s decision, expected to be officially announced next Monday, to call an Oct. 22 general election.  We are working on the party s policies, a name and by-laws,  Goshi Hosono, a former environment minister who is among those working to launch the new party, told reporters this week. Hosono, 46, is one of several lawmakers who have bolted the struggling opposition Democratic Party, disappointed by its failure to capitalize on voter distaste for suspected cronyism scandals and perceived arrogance that sent Abe s ratings tumbling in July. Abe s support has since recovered to about 50 percent. Koike ally Masaru Wakasa, a former prosecutor who recently left the LDP, last month launched a political group called  Nippon  First  (Japan First) but it has not registered as a party or picked a name.   Many voters are dissatisfied with both the long-ruling LDP and the Democrats, a mixed bag of conservatives and liberals whose image was tarnished by their rocky time in power from 2009 to 2012. Independents have stayed home in droves in the four national elections since 2012, when Abe returned to office. Forty-five percent of respondents to a Yomiuri newspaper poll this month backed no party   more than the 40 percent who supported the LDP. Only 5 percent favored the Democrats. Forty-one percent expressed hopes for a Koike party. But turning those hopes into votes is not guaranteed. Wakasa told reporters the embryonic party aims to run more than 60 candidates, including 25 in Tokyo. It won t have formal support from the LDP s coalition partner, the Komeito, which backed Tokyo Citizens First candidates in July s Tokyo poll. Candidates will likely include former and incumbent lawmakers and political novices who heard Koike lecture at Wakasa s  cram school  for would-be lawmakers last weekend. Wakasa has said the new party will be  conservative . Some expected members favor revising the post-war constitution s pacifist Article 9 - a controversial but cherished goal of Abe. Wakasa has suggested an amendment to create a unicameral legislature, an idea which might not resonate with most voters.  The question is, how would a new party differentiate itself from the LDP,  Akihisa Nagashima, a former Democrat who may join the group, told Reuters earlier this year. Japan has seen numerous new parties over the decades. Most fizzled. Koike herself entered politics in the now-defunct Japan New Party, whose leader Morihiro Hosokawa headed an anti-LDP ruling coalition in the early 1990s that soon crumbled. She joined several new opposition parties before turning to the LDP. Political analysts said early forecasts were risky and much depended on media coverage and whether Koike heads the party or surprises by running for parliament. The latter is seen as unlikely given a possible voter backlash for abandoning her post as Tokyo governor.  I don t think (the new party) will live up to all the fuss,  said Nihon University professor Tomoaki Iwai. The LDP currently has 288 seats in the 475-member lower house, while the Komeito has 35, giving them a two-thirds  super majority . The Democrats have 88 seats. Reforms enacted last year will cut the number of seats to 465 from 475. ",1
19468,Four killed in gas explosion at Iranian guesthouse,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An explosion at a guesthouse near the Fatima Masumeh shrine in the Iranian city of Qom on Thursday left four dead and 15 wounded, most of them Iraqi pilgrims, according to the semi-official Mehr news agency. The explosion was caused by a pilgrim mishandling a leaking cooking gas cannister, Mehr said, citing local witnesses. A spokesman for the Qom fire department told Mehr the cause is still being investigated. Some of the dead and wounded may still be under rubble inside the guesthouse, according to Mehr. Photos posted by Mehr showed bloodied pilgrims laid out in the street and firemen rummaging through the ruins of the guesthouse. The shrine in Qom, which is approximately 150 kilometers (90 miles) south of the capital, Tehran, is the second-most sacred spot in Iran for Shi ite Muslims. ",1
19469,EU says wants clear Brexit commitments from Britain,"ROME (Reuters) - The European Union wants Britain to end uncertainties over the terms of its exit from the bloc, the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday. Barnier told the Italian parliament he was looking forward in a  constructive spirit  to a speech by British Prime Minister Theresa May in Florence on Friday, when she is expected to flesh out her vision of Britain s future relationship with the EU.  We expect clear commitments from Britain,  said Barnier, adding that an agreement between the two sides needed to be found by November next year in order to allow time for it to be ratified by parliaments. ",1
19470,Saudi King to visit Russia: RIA cites Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman bin Abdulaziz is expected to visit Russia, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying on Thursday. The agency earlier cited a source saying the Saudi King s trip to Russia is planned for Oct 4-7. ",1
19471,Turkish return fire in Syria after shell hits Hatay province: CNN Turk,"ANKARA (Reuters) - An artillery shell from Syria hit Turkey s southeastern province of Hatay on Thursday and Turkish border troops retaliated in kind, broadcaster CNN Turk said. There were no immediate reports of casualties or injuries, after the shell hit a rural area in the Yayladagi district of Hatay, CNN Turk said, adding that the shell came from an area of Syria controlled by the Syrian government. ",1
19472,Distrustful U.S. allies force spy agency to back down in encryption fight,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An international group of cryptography experts has forced the U.S. National Security Agency to back down over two data encryption techniques it wanted set as global industry standards, reflecting deep mistrust among close U.S. allies. In interviews and emails seen by Reuters, academic and industry experts from countries including Germany, Japan and Israel worried that the U.S. electronic spy agency was pushing the new techniques not because they were good encryption tools, but because it knew how to break them.  The NSA has now agreed to drop all but the most powerful versions of the techniques - those least likely to be vulnerable to hacks - to address the concerns. The dispute, which has played out in a series of closed-door meetings around the world over the past three years and has not been previously reported, turns on whether the International Organization of Standards should approve two NSA data encryption techniques, known as Simon and Speck. The U.S. delegation to the ISO on encryption issues includes a handful of NSA officials, though it is controlled by an American standards body, the American National Standards Institute (ANSI).  The presence of the NSA officials and former NSA contractor Edward Snowden s revelations about the agency s penetration of global electronic systems have made a number of delegates suspicious of the U.S. delegation s motives, according to interviews with a dozen current and former delegates. A number of them voiced their distrust in emails to one another, seen by Reuters, and in written comments that are part of the process. The suspicions stem largely from internal NSA documents disclosed by Snowden that showed the agency had previously plotted to manipulate standards and promote technology it could penetrate. Budget documents, for example, sought funding to  insert vulnerabilities into commercial encryption systems.   More than a dozen of the experts involved in the approval process for Simon and Speck feared that if the NSA was able to crack the encryption techniques, it would gain a  back door  into coded transmissions, according to the interviews and emails and other documents seen by Reuters.    I don t trust the designers,  Israeli delegate Orr Dunkelman, a computer science professor at the University of Haifa, told Reuters, citing Snowden s papers.  There are quite a lot of people in NSA who think their job is to subvert standards. My job is to secure standards.  The NSA, which does not confirm the authenticity of any Snowden documents, told Reuters it developed the new encryption tools to protect sensitive U.S. government computer and communications equipment without requiring a lot of computer processing power. NSA officials said via email they want commercial technology companies that sell to the government to use the techniques, and that is more likely to happen when they have been designated a global standard by the ISO.  Asked if it could beat Simon and Speck encryption, the NSA officials said:  We firmly believe they are secure.  ISO, an independent organization with delegations from 162 member countries, sets standards on everything from medical packaging to road signs. Its working groups can spend years picking best practices and technologies for an ISO seal of approval. As the fight over Simon and Speck played out, the ISO twice voted to delay the multi-stage process of approving them. In oral and written comments, opponents cited the lack of peer-reviewed publication by the creators, the absence of industry adoption or a clear need for the new ciphers, and the partial success of academics in showing their weaknesses. Some ISO delegates said much of their skepticism stemmed from the 2000s, when NSA experts invented a component for encryption called Dual Elliptic Curve and got it adopted as a global standard.  ISO s approval of Dual EC was considered a success inside the agency, according to documents passed by Snowden to the founders of the online news site The Intercept, which made them available to Reuters. The documents said the agency guided the Dual EC proposal through four ISO meetings until it emerged as a standard.  In 2007, mathematicians in private industry showed that Dual EC could hide a back door, theoretically enabling the NSA to eavesdrop without detection. After the Snowden leaks, Reuters reported that the U.S. government had paid security company RSA $10 million to include Dual EC in a software development kit that was used by programmers around the world.  The ISO and other standards groups subsequently retracted their endorsements of Dual EC. The NSA declined to discuss it. In the case of Simon and Speck, the NSA says the formulas are needed for defensive purposes. But the official who led the now-disbanded NSA division responsible for defense, known as the Information Assurance Directorate, said his unit did not develop Simon and Speck.  There are probably some legitimate questions around whether these ciphers are actually needed,  said Curtis Dukes, who retired earlier this year. Similar encryption techniques already exist, and the need for new ones is theoretical, he said. ANSI, the body that leads the U.S. delegation to the ISO, said it had simply forwarded the NSA proposals to the organization and had not endorsed them. When the United States first introduced Simon and Speck as a proposed ISO standard in 2014, experts from several countries expressed reservations, said Shin ichiro Matsuo, the head of the Japanese encryption delegation. Some delegates had no objection. Chris Mitchell, a member of the British delegation, said he supported Simon and Speck, noting that  no one has succeeded in breaking the algorithms.  He acknowledged, though, that after the Dual EC revelations,  trust, particularly for U.S. government participants in standardization, is now non-existent.  At a meeting in Jaipur, India, in October 2015, NSA officials in the American delegation pushed back against critics, questioning their expertise, witnesses said.  A German delegate at the Jaipur talks, Christian Wenzel-Benner, subsequently sent an email seeking support from dozens of cryptographers. He wrote that all seven German experts were  very concerned  about Simon and Speck.   How can we expect companies and citizens to use security algorithms from ISO standards if those algorithms come from a source that has compromised security-related ISO standards just a few years ago?  Wenzel-Benner asked. Such views helped delay Simon and Speck again, delegates said. But the Americans kept pushing, and at an October 2016 meeting in Abu Dhabi, a majority of individual delegates approved the techniques, moving them up to a country-by-country vote. There, the proposal fell one vote short of the required two-thirds majority.  Finally, at a March 2017 meeting in Hamilton, New Zealand, the Americans distributed a 22-page explanation of its design  and a summary of attempts to break them - the sort of paper that formed part of what delegates had been seeking since 2014. Simon and Speck, aimed respectively at hardware and software, each have robust versions and more  lightweight  variants. The Americans agreed in Hamilton to compromise and dropped the most lightweight versions.  Opponents saw that as a major if partial victory, and it paved the way to compromise. In another nation-by-nation poll last month, the sturdiest versions advanced to the final stage of the approval process, again by a single vote, with Japan, Germany and Israel remaining opposed. A final vote takes place in February. ",1
19473,Thai activists ordered to pay $16 million for occupying airports,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thirteen activists were ordered to pay a total of $16 million in compensation on Thursday for shutting down Bangkok s two main international airports during protests in 2008. Thailand s Supreme Court told the leading members of the People s Alliance for Democracy (PAD) to pay the money plus interest to the Airports of Thailand operator. Protesters occupied Don Muang and Suvarnabhumi International Airports for more than a week in late 2008, disrupting hundreds of flights and stranding hundreds of thousands of travelers. One of the PAD leaders affected by the ruling, Suriyasai Katasila, told Reuters it might take years for them to find all the money.  If we cannot pay the compensation then the AOT (Airports of Thailand) will have to sue us for bankruptcy,  he said.  I believe what we have done was for the public interest in opposing a corrupt government at the time, it was not motivated by personal interests at all,  he added. PAD was formed 2005 in opposition to Thaksin Shinawatra, the former Thai prime minister who was ousted in a 2006 military coup. It supporters include members of the urban middle class and support the traditional royalist-military elite. A total of 98 PAD protesters, more commonly known as the Yellow Shirts, have also been charged with terrorism and other criminal offences linked to the airports occupation. ",1
19474,"Trump to make North Korea sanctions announcement, not on oil: official","NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will make a sanctions-related announcement regarding North Korea later on Thursday, a senior administration official said. The official said the announcement would be sanctions-related but would not target oil.  ",1
19475,EU's Barnier says wants proposal from May on EU citizens' rights in Britain,"ROME (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should make a proposal over what legal rights European Union citizens will have in Britain after it leaves the bloc, the EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday. Barnier was addressing the Italian parliament ahead of a speech by May in Florence on Friday when she is expected to explain her vision of Britain s future relationship with the EU.  I am waiting for a proposal on the legal rights of EU citizens in Britain,  said Barnier, who was speaking in French through an Italian translator. He added that the issue of financial compensation between Britain and the EU was outside the terms of the main Brexit negotiations. ",1
19476,Slovenian government faces test in pre-election investment referendum,"LJUBLJANA (Reuters) - Slovenians vote in a referendum on Sunday on whether the government should pursue construction of a 1-billion-euro ($1.20 billion) railway to its main Adriatic port - a test of the government s popularity ahead of elections next year. Given the opposition s lead in opinion polls and criticism of the project as too expensive, analysts see possible changes in the center-left coalition government ahead of the elections in June or July 2018 if the railway gets a thumbs-down in the referendum.  If (it) is rejected that would be a strong blow to the government, particularly the leading party SMC (Party of the Modern Centre),  Meta Roglic, political analyst at the daily Dnevnik, told Reuters. Opinion polls have forecast varying outcomes of the referendum but suggest turnout might not be sufficient to block the railway project. A poll published by daily Delo said voters would narrowly reject the project, while another released by Dnevnik said voters would back it by a 53-29 percent margin. Under Slovenian law, a minimum 20 percent of some 1.7 million eligible voters would be needed to sink the project, in addition to a majority of those voting. Civil society group Taxpayers Don t Give Up and the leading opposition group, the center-right Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS), pushed for the referendum, saying the railway line as projected by the government is too costly. The government says the 27-km (17-mile) rail link between Koper and the town of Divaca is necessary to speed up freight traffic to and from Slovenia s only port and improve the port s competitiveness. The government has received 44.3 million euros in EU funding for preparation of the track while neighboring Hungary said it is willing to invest about 200 million euros as it relies on Koper for much of its seaborne freight. The opposition SDS has led in opinion polls for most of the past year. But government parties hope to improve their ratings by advancing the railway project, raising family subsidies and the lowest tier of wages, and injecting more money into the state health sector in the coming months. ",1
19477,"Italy's 5-Star Movement votes for leader, Di Maio seen winning","ROME (Reuters) - Members of Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, which leads most opinion polls before a national election early next year, began voting on Thursday to elect their leader and candidate for prime minister. Barring a colossal surprise the winner will be Luigi Di Maio, the 31-year-old lower house deputy who has been groomed as leader over the last few years by Beppe Grillo, the comedian who founded 5-Star as a protest movement in 2009. The party s supporters are voting online on a dedicated platform linked to Grillo s blog, reflecting 5-Star s credo of internet-based direct democracy.  Voting will end at 7 p.m. (1700 GMT) on Thursday, but the result will not be known until Saturday, when it is announced at 5-Star s annual three-day gathering in the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini. There are eight candidates, but Di Maio s victory is considered a formality. He is one of Italy s most prominent and popular politicians and his seven rivals, mostly local councillors, are virtually unknown even to 5-Star supporters.  The only people seen as having any chance against him decided not to run, opening the party up to accusations of failing to run a proper contest. Roberto Saviano, author of the best-selling novel Gomorra, said on Facebook that he wanted to run for the post  to help 5-Star out of a pathetic situation . Saviano is not a party member and so is not eligible. Probably the only risk for Di Maio would be if voting were distorted by another hacking attack against 5-Star s internet platform. In August an anonymous hacker revealed he had broken into the system to obtain secret data on 5-Star s members and donors.       ",1
19478,North Korea says sanctions threaten survival of its children,"GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea told a U.N. rights panel that international sanctions imposed on it over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs would endanger the survival of North Korean children. Han Tae Song, Pyongyang s ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, was speaking at a hearing of the United Nations Committee on the Rights of the Child late on Wednesday. The panel of independent experts challenged North Korean officials over allegations of forced child labor, sexual abuse and trafficking in North Korea, Pyongyang s health and education budget, and Internet access for children. Han said North Korea, whose population is 26 million, is a  people-centered socialist country... where protection and promotion of the rights and welfare of the child are given top priority ... There is room for improvement.  But Han said that new sanctions imposed by the United States and the U.N. Security Council over North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile tests were hampering the production of nutritional goods for children and provision of textbooks.  The persistent and vicious blockade and sanctions against the DPRK (Democratic People s Republic of Korea) are not only hampering the endeavors for the protection and promotion of the rights of the child but also seriously threatening their right to survival,  he said, calling for sanctions to be lifted. The U.N. Security Council has unanimously imposed nine rounds of sanctions on North Korea since 2006, the latest earlier this month capping fuel supplies to the isolated state. Han said that North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un - denounced by U.S. President Donald Trump as  Rocket Man  -  personally guides the construction in different parts of the country of schoolchildren s palaces, children s hospitals, baby homes, children s homes, and primary and secondary boarding schools and works with devotion for the well-being of the young generation . South Korea approved a plan on Thursday to send $8 million worth of aid to North Korea as China warned the crisis on the divided Korean peninsula was getting more serious by the day and the war of words between Pyongyang and Washington continued. The U.N. panel asked how North Korea s  songbun  (caste system) that ranks citizens based on family loyalty to the ruling dynasty affected children s access to education, health and food. The North Korean delegation replied that this was an  imaginary concept  invented by hostile forces. Human Rights Watch has called on the rights panel to press North Korea s delegation on cases of child sexual abuse, which the New York-based group said it had documented.       The (North Korean government) report was silent on the issue of sexual abuse so the delegation was asked to provide data,  read a U.N. summary of the hearing.  North Korea s delegation said that forced child labor did not exist in the country and was banned, and that the maximum duration of young people s work in agricultural fields was limited to three weeks per year.   In response to a question on the use of the Internet, the delegation explained that there was public control of this medium in order to give preference to access to positive information for children. In addition, all children had access to the (North Korean internal) Intranet,  the summary said. The committee will issue its conclusions on Oct. 4. ",1
19479,Thai government takes action against monk over anti-Muslim views,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The Thai government said on Thursday it plans to take legal action against a radical Buddhist monk detained by police for posting anti-Islamic views on social media, and posing a threat to national security. Phra Maha Aphichat Punnajanto is based at a temple in Bangkok, but police detained him on Tuesday in southern Thailand, a region where Muslim separatist insurgents have been fighting for decades. A spokesman for Thailand s military-led government told Reuters that Aphichat had been warned in the past that his  social media activities could spark religious conflict.  His actions demean another religion and are considered inappropriate,  Lieutenant General Sansern Kaewkamnerd said.  The government now has to take legal action against him.   The 31-year-old firebrand rose to prominence in 2015 when he urged Buddhists across the country to burn down a mosque as retribution for every monk killed in the insurgency. The outspoken monk has also been active in campaigning to make Buddhism a state religion of Thailand. Aphichat has voiced admiration for Ashin Wirathu, a monk in Myanmar well known for his anti-Muslim views, and sees his actions as a model for safeguarding Buddhism in Thailand. Police told Reuters that Aphichat was being detained at the Crime Suppression Division unit in Bangkok.  Images appeared on social media on Wednesday evening showing Aphichat being disrobed in his temple. Thai Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan said on Thursday Aphichat had left his religious order voluntarily. Reuters was unable to reach Aphichat for comment. The Buddhist Association of Thailand issued a statement protesting the Aphichat s detention saying that it was disrespectful and breached personal rights.  A monk from the same temple, who declined to be named, told Reuters that Aphichat had not breach any laws governing their order and he could not be defrocked. ",1
19480,"From new tax office, Catalonia hopes to grab billions from Madrid","BARCELONA (Reuters) - In a glass building overlooking Barcelona s port, empty desks and computers wait for new workers of Catalonia s tax agency. As in other Spanish regions, the agency already collects some taxes on wealth, inheritance, gambling and transport. But the regional government has spent 18 million euros expanding the agency in the hope that it will gain independence from Madrid in an Oct. 1 vote that the Spanish government considers illegal. From the shiny port office with a 20 year lease, it is hoping to wrestle control of the rest of the region s finances, claiming billions of euros of income tax and corporate revenue currently going to the Spanish government. Catalonia has increased the agency s staff by 75 percent to 700 since January and plans to fill the empty desks by the end of the year if the vote goes through. It has also opened a dozen new regional offices. This is Catalonia s most tangible investment in the institutional infrastructure needed for a fledgling state and highlights its government s determination to secede. It says it will declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote.  It also shows that they are likely to keep pushing for independence, even if they lose the vote.   In a future transition, it would not be acceptable for them to keep our taxes, because they are ours and they keep a lot,  said Catalan Treasury Secretary Josep Lluis Salvado. Madrid has declared the vote unconstitutional so there are widespread doubts about whether Catalonia can even stage a credible vote.  It may also not go in the Catalonian government s favor. Polls show less than half of Catalonia s 5.5 million voters want self-rule although most want the chance to vote on the issue. It is also not clear that companies would pay up: Barcelona s business lobby says no private firms would obey Catalan tax demands unless approved by Madrid.    But the Spanish government appears to be rattled. On Wednesday police entered the Catalan economy and budget department and the tax office as part of a raid on regional government offices, seizing documents and cutting off phone lines, according to a department official. It was the latest step in Madrid s campaign to prevent the referendum from going ahead. During the raids, police arrested Salvado, the junior economy minister Josep Maria Jove and three other department officials, the official said. They remain under arrest, the official said. Catalonia s resolve also worries some investors in Spanish bonds and the tax agency s expansion suggests an early post-independence flashpoint with Madrid could be a financial one. Catalonia, with an economy larger than Portugal s, says it receives an unfair redistribution of tax revenues from Madrid. Each year, it pays about 10 billion euros ($12 billion) more in taxes to Madrid than it gets back, or around 5 percent of regional economic output, according to data from the Spanish Treasury. In contrast, Spain s poorest region, Andalusia, receives almost 8 billion euros more than it pays in.  The money issue is one of the roots of the problem, the feeling that Catalonia is being ripped off,  said Angel Talavera, a Catalan economist at consultancy Oxford Economics. If its agency took over all forms of taxation, it would also collect income, company and value-added taxes, bringing total receipts to 42 billion euros, Salvado said. The agency collected about 3 billion euros last year, according to a spokeswoman for the Catalan economy and budget department. To avoid financial collapse, an independent Catalonia would need those tax revenues, economists say. It has 75 billion euros in public debt, 35 percent of its economic output, one of the highest of all Spain s regions, and its government bonds are already classified as  junk  by credit rating agencies. Investors are growing nervous as the referendum nears: the additional yield that Catalan bonds pay over Spanish short-term debt is at close to a nine-month high of about 300 basis points. The Catalan government last issued a bond in 2012, two years ahead of a previous failed independence referendum. It is not currently considering any bond issues, a spokeswoman said. Upon a declaration of independence, Salvado said Catalonia would seek to open talks with Madrid to take over all taxation in phases. It would start in October by pocketing 2.5 billion euros in taxes from about 700 public Catalan firms that currently goes to Madrid.  Later, the agency would collect tax from private firms and individuals. It could take years and the agency would need at least another 4,000 employees, Salvado added.  The principal challenge is to make sure the taxpayer does not perceive a change,  he said. Spain s Treasury has told Catalan businesses that paying taxes to the regional tax agency could constitute a crime. Madrid also took legislative steps last week to prevent the Catalan government from using Spanish public funds to pay for the ballot.  At the moment companies view it as impossible, they don t consider it,  Jordi Alberich, director of Barcelona-based business association Cercle d Economia, told Reuters. The Catalan government also lacks the database needed to correctly collect personal income and company taxes, according to Carlos Cruzado, the head of the Spanish Treasury s workers union. Salvado said the agency had sufficient data on taxpayers  inheritance and wealth taxes to make a start on taking over other forms of taxation, but they would seek to negotiate access to Spain s historical tax records. He did not expect a positive response.  The Spanish state is going to use its preferred word -  No .   ",1
19481,Three Swiss Muslim group members charged with making al Qaeda propaganda,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Prosecutors said on Thursday they had charged three senior  members of a Swiss Muslim group with making and promoting propaganda films for al Qaeda. The indictment targeted three committee members of the Islamic Central Council of Switzerland (ICCS), which describes itself as the country s largest Islamic organization and says it focuses on representing the local population. ICCS spokesman Abdel Azziz Qaasim Illi, who told Reuters he was one of the three men charged, dismissed the case as a  political show trial,  and said authorities had misunderstood the video at the heart of the case. The indictment did not name the suspects, but the ICCS said in a statement the other two were its chairman, Nicolas Blancho, and its cultural production head, Naim Cherni. The Office of the Attorney General said that the Council had made films in Syria in 2015 with a leading al Qaeda member and posted two films on YouTube that were promoted by the three committee members. The state prosecutor said it alleged  that the accused offered the leading al-Qaeda member in question a prominent multilingual multimedia platform from which to advantageously portray and promote both himself and the ideology of al-Qaeda.  Qaasim Illi called the indictments  clearly politically motivated  and said the interview had been with a senior Saudi cleric who denied having links to al Qaeda.  The point of the interview was to counter (Islamic State) propaganda with a credible figure from the moderate Syrian rebel spectrum. The interview itself never concerned al Qaeda,  he added in an email.     The Attorney General s office said the indictments were part of criminal proceedings first launched against the Council in December 2015, after the posting of the videos. The case was launched as Switzerland was in a heightened state of alert after attacks in Paris that killed 130 people.  Switzerland has not seen the kind of Islamist attack that have rocked other Western states, but authorities say they still see a significant threat. The Attorney General s office said it was involved in around 60 criminal proceedings linked to jihadists, most of them related to  to propaganda in support of terrorist organizations . ",1
19482,France's National Front number two quits; far-right opposition in turmoil,"PARIS (Reuters) - The right-hand man of French National Front chief Marine Le Pen quit the party on Thursday, a split that opens the way for policy changes in the far-right party and shows the depth of internal feuding after Le Pen s presidential election defeat. The departure of Florian Philippot, for years Le Pen s closest aide and a key architect of efforts to detoxify the party s image while campaigning against the euro, had looked increasingly inevitable as the party bickered over who was to blame for a damaging electoral cycle. His exit is expected to allow Le Pen to refocus on core policies around immigration and French national identity, while perhaps softening her anti-euro tone, which many say contributed to Le Pen s resounding defeat in the presidential election run-off. While Philippot s departure is likely to increase turmoil in the party at first and others have already said they would follow him out the door, the FN has survived similar crises in the past and analysts expect it to do the same this time. Philippot is seen as too divisive within the far-right to create a party that would be a serious threat. Le Pen, who has shown a sometimes ruthless determination to hold on to power in the National Front, having already pushed out her father Jean-Marie, the founder of the party, withdrew Philippot s responsibilities within the movement late on Wednesday, leaving him with little choice about his future.  I m not into being ridiculed, I m not into having nothing to do. And so yes, of course, I m quitting the National Front,  Philippot, 35 and a graduate of France s elite administrative school ENA, told France 2 television. Le Pen, who just last year spoke of having an  intellectual crush  on Philippot, responded tersely that the FN would have no problems of getting over his departure.  One should stop trying to bury the National Front,  she told LCP television.  Every time people have tried to do it, it came out better-structured, stronger and more powerful.    The National Front, which has made major inroads in local, regional and European elections over the past decade without winning any major constituency, will hold a congress in March where internal differences since its defeat to Emmanuel Macron and his new party will come to a head. The far-right party has tried to portray itself as the main voice of opposition against Macron. But that mantle has so far been assumed by Jean-Luc Melenchon, the leader of the far-left France Insoumise (France Unbowed), who is calling for mass demonstrations against the president s economic reforms. FAR-LEFT THRILLED Appearing on France s RTL Radio on Thursday, Melenchon reveled in the turmoil on the far-right.  Excellent, that s their business. It s perfect,  he said in reaction to Philippot s departure.  It s a party that counts for nothing. Those that were angry but aren t fascists, I urge them to turn their back (on the FN) and come and join us.      J r me Fourquet, an expert on the far-right at polling group Ifop, said Philippot s exit would deprive the party of experienced policy writers. But he said any exodus was likely to be limited and short of those who quit when Bruno Megret left the party in 1988, when it was led by Jean-Marie Le Pen. Megret created his own party but it never attracted many votes.  Those who leave the FN or are pushed out all end up being marginalized,  Fourquet said.  Philippot joined the party in 2011 and rose quickly to become Le Pen s chief adviser. He was instrumental in crafting her policies and her 2012 and 2017 election manifestos.  Sophie Montel, one of Philippot s closest aides and an FN member for over 30 years, said on Twitter she was quitting the party. So did several other Philippot allies. But other more high profile figures rejoiced, including Le Pen s partner Louis Aliot.  The FN will finally have some peace of mind away from a sectarian, arrogant, vain extremist who was trying to muzzle our freedom to debate,  Aliot said on Twitter.   He thinks he s right about everything and... for me he s an extremist,  he said later, speaking to RMC.  When you show him a poll that says 75 percent of the French people don t want to leave the euro, his reply is  we don t give a damn, that s where we are going.  Robert Menard, an FN ally and a mayor in southern France, was even blunter, saying:  We need to stop with the anti-Europeanism and the Melenchon-type (economic) policies.  Le Pen said the party would continue to fight the EU and wanted a return to monetary sovereignty. But after many flip-flops on the issue, she did not spell out precisely what that would entail. ",1
19483,Former Hong Kong student leader escapes jail sentence for campus protest,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - The former leader of the Hong Kong University student union on Thursday received a court sentence of community service for his role in a campus protest, escaping the fate of a growing list of young activists put behind bars.  The activists, many still university students, have been at the forefront of the former British colony s fight for democracy which peaked during the months-long  Umbrella Movement  street occupations in late 2014. But after failing to convince Beijing to allow full democracy in Hong Kong, many lost confidence in the city s  one country, two systems  arrangement, and began to call for total independence. Billy Fung, 23, who helped lead a protest last year by about 200 students seeking talks over the governance structure of the University of Hong Kong (HKU), was given 240 hours of community service for disorderly conduct in a public place, criminal damage and attempted forcible entry.  I understand you have ideals and hope to change what is unjust in society,  said magistrate Ko Wai-hung.  But when you think these ideals are the absolute truth, you may neglect that other people have the right and reasons to hold different opinions.  Wearing ties with the university emblem, both Fung and another student leader, Colman Li, 22, who is to serve 200 hours of community service, looked calm when the sentences were handed down, while about 100 young people in the courtroom applauded. Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule in 1997, with the promise of a large degree of autonomy and civil liberties not permitted in mainland China. In the past few years, police have charged up to 100  activists, most of them young, over anti-government protests, a list compiled by activist groups shows. Fung s sentence came one month after the jailing of youth activist Joshua Wong, who had helped lead tens of thousands onto Hong Kong s streets. The issue of academic freedom has flared in recent weeks, after a campus display of pro-independence banners drew the ire of Chinese state media and Hong Kong officials, triggering heated standoffs between local freedom advocates and pro-China students and groups. In Fung s case, the governance issue drew scrutiny after the university council blocked a prominent HKU law school dean and human rights advocate, Johannes Chan, from taking the post of pro-vice-chancellor.  (This story has been refiled to insert dropped word  sentence  in headline) ",1
19484,Leaked memo fuels accusations of ethnic bias in Afghan government,"KABUL (Reuters) - A leaked memo from an staff member in Afghan President Ashraf Ghani s office this week has set off a storm of criticism and accusations that the note lays bare systematic favoritism to Ghani s own Pashtun ethnic group. The undated memo, about appointments in the Administrative Office of the President (AOP), appeared to show jobs being awarded with an eye to keeping control in the hands of Pashtuns while giving the appearance of diversity. The leak has caused severe embarrassment to Ghani s fragile government, which has long faced criticism that it favors Pashtuns, traditionally the most powerful among a patchwork of different ethnic groups in Afghanistan, including Tajiks, Hazaras and Uzbeks.  The leak may well be the tip of the iceberg,  wrote Amrullah Saleh, a former head of the National Directorate for Security who is close to Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah from the mainly Tajik Jamiat-i-Islami party. In a post on Facebook, Saleh said the memo showed how a  clique  was consolidating power through a  soft purge  involving  indirect intimidation, faking identities and the marginalization of  others .  The memo, by a senior staff member at the AOP, was initially shared with a limited number of people on a messaging platform, apparently by mistake before finding its way to the daily newspaper Etilaat Roz this week.  Tajiks and Uzbeks, who work completely under us, should be appointed symbolically so that people think every ethnicity is represented here,  it said. At another point it mentions an official, saying he is  a good person but he brings in Hazaras and appoints them to top positions. We have to look for Pashtuns who are fluent in all languages.  The official who posted the memo on the messaging platform  has resigned and the AOP issued a statement saying it was  a personal document sent by one of its staff and does not represent the overall policy of the office.   Shah Hussain Mortazawi, a spokesman for Ghani, also rejected the memo, saying there was no place for ethnic discrimination in the government. However it set off a storm of angry comment on social media and from influential figures like Saleh and another former intelligence chief, Rahmatullah Nabil, highlighting simmering resentments within the government camp less than a year before parliamentary elections due in July. The administration Ghani heads was painstakingly put together after disputed elections in 2014 when both he and his main opponent Abdullah claimed victory amid accusations of massive cheating on both sides. A U.S.-brokered power sharing deal left Ghani as President with Abdullah alongside as Chief Executive. But from the start the government has been beset by disputes over appointments being carved up on ethnic lines. ",1
19485,Category 3 hurricane Maria could strengthen further: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Maria is continuing to lash the northeastern Dominican Republic and could strengthen in the next day or so, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said on Thursday. The category 3 hurricane is about 220 miles (350 km) southeast of Grand Turk Island, packing maximum sustained winds of 115 miles per hour (185 km/h) at present, the NHC said. Maria is moving in a northwesterly direction at about 9 mph (15 km/h) and is expected to pass near the Turks and Caicos later on Thursday, it added. ",1
19486,Taking back control? Britain's May to make high-stakes Brexit speech,"LONDON (Reuters) - After months of Brexit talks that have made little progress and deepened rifts in her party, British Prime Minister Theresa May will try this week to put the negotiations on track and reassert her authority.  In a speech in the Italian city of Florence, May will set out on Friday her vision for future ties with the European Union and try to fill an apparent policy vacuum that has left her Brexit team adopting what Brussels regards as wrecking tactics in the talks on unraveling four decades of union. The 60-year-old leader has deliberately chosen an EU city to deliver the speech so that she can speak directly to the other 27 nations in the bloc, but has her work cut out in seizing back the initiative. May has been largely quiet on Brexit since her Conservative Party lost its parliamentary majority in a June election that she need not have called, saying little beyond expressing her support for  a deep and special partnership  with the bloc once Britain leaves in March 2019. But days before the speech, foreign minister Boris Johnson laid out his own Brexit vision, challenging her more cautious approach and exposing the fault lines in her party and government. EU negotiators are also frustrated with what they see as Britain s policy drift. At talks in August, British officials spent almost three hours picking holes in the legal basis for the bill that the EU expects London to pay to leave.  Sources familiar with the presentation   so detailed it stretched for 11 pages and was illustrated with 23 slides   called it a show of legal muscle. But, as Brexit minister David Davis said, the meeting was even  tetchier than the one before .  The reason lawyers gave a two-and-a-half hour presentation is because no government minister had made a decision on policy,  said Andrew Hood, who was a legal adviser to former prime minister David Cameron and still has contact with lawyers in several government departments. The August talks were almost canceled by the EU side because of Britain s lack of position, Hood told Reuters.  I always thought when I was in the foreign office that if you ever need to revert to lawyers you ve probably lost,  he said. Hood now advises companies on their Brexit strategy for law firm Dechert but took part in meetings with the EU under Cameron, who resigned last year after Britons voted for Brexit. The financial settlement with Brussels is one of the most difficult parts of the Brexit negotiations, but the lack of movement so far on even the mechanics of how to calculate the sum shows the difficulties facing Britain. May is walking a tightrope between hardline Conservative Brexit supporters who want to make sure any payment is as small as possible, and some top ministers who believe Britain must pay to keep ties as close as possible. Until now, she has largely let her government do the talking by setting out a wishlist for future relations with the bloc that aims for the closest of ties without the costs. May has also stuck to a belief that by playing her cards close to her chest, Britain will force EU negotiators into concessions. But her silence has allowed other voices to emerge. The main opposition Labour Party says it would keep Britain in the single European market and customs union during a transitional period, the Liberal Democrats are demanding a second referendum and the Scottish National Party wants Scotland to remain part of the EU. Their opposition is to be expected, but criticism from May s own team is not, and has raised eyebrows.  In a weekend newspaper article, Johnson wrote that he did not expect Britain to pay for access to the EU s market, putting him at odds with finance minister Philip Hammond and May, who has spoken of paying in. At the August talks, left without clear policy direction, Davis and his team s detailed dissection of the EU s arguments on the Brexit bill left the bloc s main negotiator Michel Barnier wondering whether  we can build trust and start discussing a future relationship . Weeks earlier, a former aide to May had praised the emerging agreement in her cabinet over the need for a transition deal and a divorce settlement   something that seemed remote after last year s Brexit referendum.  But though there may be agreement on this in principle, the difference lies in the detail and has opened a deep rift.  Hammond wants a transition as close as possible to the status quo while others, such as trade minister Liam Fox, do not want to stay in the single market or pay for access. Pro-Brexit lawmakers have also balked at suggestions Britain should pay 60 billion euros ($72 billion) for the divorce, and May s aides have poured cold water on reports that there could be a compromise to reduce the headline figure by paying 10 billion pounds a year to the EU during a transition. In a move that appeared intended to tighten her control over the Brexit talks, May appointed the top official at the Brexit ministry as her EU adviser on Monday. But resetting the talks is a tough order, and aides are silent on whether May will use the Florence speech to try to break the deadlock on the financial settlement.  Officials in Brussels are not holding their breath.  The EU has taken the black veil off and is getting on with its life,  one EU official said after the August talks.  The Brits are either completely overconfident or completely overwhelmed.  ",1
19487,Syrian army strikes rebels near Hama: monitor,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies launched air strikes against rebels north of the city of Hama on Thursday after recapturing villages lost to the insurgents in an attack earlier in the week, a war monitor said.  A series of strikes after midnight hit areas in rebel-held Khan Sheikhoun, Kafr Nabil, Kafr Zeita and Maarat al-Numan, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.  The offensive by jihadist and other insurgent groups this week was their biggest near Hama since March, but the army late on Wednesday retook the villages it lost in the attack, the Observatory said.  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has gained momentum in the six-year war since driving rebels from Aleppo in December. He has been aided by Russia s air force and Iran-backed Shi ite militias including Lebanon s Hezbollah. However, insurgents still hold large, populous areas in northwest and southwest Syria and smaller pockets elsewhere in the country.  Tuesday s attack north of Hama revived hostilities in the northwestern area near the Turkish border that has been relatively calm in recent months as Russian-led diplomacy seeks to shore up ceasefires across western Syria. ",1
19488,"France's Le Pen: far-right will rebuild, continue fight against EU","PARIS (Reuters) - Marine Le Pen, the leader of France s far-right National Front, said the party would rebuild after her number two quit on Thursday and said she would continue to campaign against the EU and for  national sovereignty .  The National Front will rebuild itself without difficulty,  she told LCP television.  There are lots of talented people, lots of people with profile ... that I am going to lead.  Her deputy Florian Philippot, who advocated a strong line against the euro and drafted the manifesto for this year s presidential election, when Le Pen resounding lost the run-off to Emmanuel Macron, quit over policy differences. Rather than softening her stance on the EU in the wake of his departure, Le Pen said she would pursue that line.  National sovereignty is a mainstay of our struggle,  she said.  We will continue to fight the European Union with all our soul because it is an instrument for the elimination and impoverishment of our people.  ",1
19489,New Zealand jet fuel rations increased as government calls in navy to beat shortage,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand will partially ease fuel rationing on Thursday night, a spokesman for the country s oil industry said, a sign that the five-day long fuel shortage that has caused air travel disruptions is subsiding.  More than 120 flights have been cancelled this week in New Zealand s largest city, Auckland, disrupting thousands of travellers each day, after the single privately owned pipeline that carries jet fuel from a refinery to the city s airport was damaged. National carrier Air New Zealand said it expected flights to run as usual on Friday, with no cancellations for the first time since Sunday. Airline fuel allocations will rise to 50 percent, from 30 percent, at midnight on Thursday, said Andrew McNaught, manager for Mobil New Zealand Ltd and a spokesman for the customers of the country s only oil refinery operator Refining NZ. Travel restrictions for government officials have been lifted, said Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment Spokeswoman Carolyn Tremain in a statement.  New Zealand s government and oil industry have taken a series of measures to try to contain the crisis, from fuel rationing to calling on the military to help truck in supplies of fuel, and have set up an industry-government group to handle the fallout. A New Zealand navy vessel will ferry diesel fuel around the country as the government rushes to alleviate the shortage in the run-up to Saturday s national election. The ship will transport up to 4.8 million litres of diesel - equivalent to 150 tankers - to enable the oil industry to focus on providing jet fuel to Auckland airport, Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins said on Thursday.  The government will continue to do everything it can to support industry efforts to address the disruption,  Collins said in statement. The measures are simply a stopgap until the pipe is repaired, which will take place by Sept. 26, McNaught said. The ordeal has become a headache for the ruling National Party which is battling it out with the newly invigorated  Labour Party to form the next government. The latest poll showed the National Party held a near nine-point lead over Labour, but polls have been volatile and at times have shown Labour with a comfortable winning margin. Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern has criticized the government of Prime Minister Bill English for not having taken measures to avoid the kind of infrastructure failure that led to the disruptive fuel shortage. Overnight, Australia s Qantas Airways operated two flights from Australia, nicknamed  fuel mules , carrying fuel to top up Jetstar and Qantas aircraft in Auckland, the airline said. One was a scheduled A330 passenger service that carried an extra 10,000 kilograms of fuel, while the other was a special 747 flight with 65,000 kilograms of fuel aboard, it said.  ",1
19490,"Scrapped Malaysian beer festival faced threat from militants, police say","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Unidentified militants planned to sabotage an annual beer festival canceled this week by authorities in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur who cited  political sensitivities  for the move, police said on Thursday. On Monday, the authorities scrapped the two-day event, now in its sixth year, after an Islamist party objected on the grounds that it could lead to criminal acts, rape and free sex. Around 6,000 people had been expected to attend the  Better Beer Festival , showcasing craft beers from at least 11 countries, according to posts on social media site Facebook by the organizers and domestic news reports. Protests against events considered  Western  and unIslamic are common in Muslim-majority Malaysia, and are usually led by the opposition Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) and conservative Islamist NGOs.  There was information that exposed plans by militants who would carry out sabotage on the festival, because it is deemed as something that goes against their struggles,  said Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun.  To avoid any incident beyond our control, the police had to be proactive, by objecting to the organizing of the festival,  he added in a brief statement, without naming any suspected groups. Since 2013, Malaysia has detained more than 300 people with suspected links to Islamic State in its crackdown on militancy. The police have arrested seven Philippine men on suspicion of involvement in the activities of the Abu Sayyaf militant group, which has pledged loyalty to Islamic State. ",1
19491,"Islamists lure youngsters in the Philippines with payments, promise of paradise","MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - When he saw his commander holding the severed head of one of his neighbors, teenage Islamist fighter Jalil knew it was time to escape from Marawi City. Churches and homes had been ransacked, people had been shot or taken hostage, and now Philippines government troops, planes and helicopters were pounding the Islamic State loyalists who had taken over large parts of the town on May 23. Six days into the occupation, 17-year-old Jalil said he came across a crowd of fellow fighters led by rebel chief Abdullah Maute, including a boy who looked about 10. They were cheering the beheading of a Christian from Jalil s neighborhood who was accused of being a spy.  Abdullah Maute was holding a man s head, he was shouting  Allahu akbar  (God is Greatest),  said Jalil, who spoke on condition his identity was not revealed to protect him from reprisals.  They chanted with him. At that point, I realized I had to get away. I wanted no part in this.  Jalil s story could not be independently verified. Authorities have placed him in protective custody and say he has helped identify militants fighting in Marawi.  Jalil is one of hundreds of Muslim youths lured by Islamic State followers in Mindanao, a poverty-plagued southern island of the Philippines that governments in Southeast Asia fear could become a regional stronghold for the ultra-radical group as it loses territory in Syria and Iraq. Rommel Banlaoi, executive director of the Philippine Institute for Peace, Violence and Terrorism Research (PIPVTR), says foreign recruiters have been active in Mindanao for years but Islamic State s powerful propaganda and the rise of the local Maute clan of militants have brought a surge in followers.  The recruitment is now happening very, very rapidly,  said Banlaoi, who monitors mobilization in Mindanao via informants and police interrogation reports of militants.  They re very sophisticated. They are serious community organizers and serious recruiters.  Schools, madrassas (Islamic schools) and even day-care centers with extremist leanings have been identified as recruiting grounds.  Authorities are working with religious teachers to keep radical ideas out of mosques and off curriculums, according to army spokesman Colonel Romeo Brawner. But provincial leaders and some military officers say the efforts are weak, partly because militants have plenty of money to reel youths into their ranks. (For graphic on pro Islamic State groups in the Philippine south, click tmsnrt.rs/2qVpzH5) (For graphic on the battle for Marawi, click tmsnrt.rs/2rhRPEa) (For graphic on how main Islamic militant groups in Mindanao evolved, click tmsnrt.rs/2rUSOfc)  Jalil said his involvement began when he was 11 at a mosque in Piagapo, a rustic municipality 20 km (12 miles) from Marawi, where an imam convinced him to join 40 youngsters at a training camp in return for meals and 15,000 pesos ($294) per month. He underwent daily weapons and combat training, and teachings from the Koran. He was expelled from the program after only three months, he said, when he revealed details about his network during a mock interrogation. Jalil heard nothing from his recruiters for six years, but the day before the Marawi siege began, there was a knock at his door. Outside was a teenager, and behind him a pickup truck with 10 other youngsters on board.  I knew them, they were my classmates in training,  he said.     They told me  you re now back in service.  The ubiquitous villages with tattered mosques, wooden homes and dirt-track roads carved into the jungles and mountains of Mindanao are fertile ground for recruiting unschooled youngsters and turning them into militants in camps far off the radar. The army discovered one such training ground in Piagapo, after a three-day battle that killed 36 Maute fighters, among them foreigners and an imam. That was one month before the Marawi siege. [nL3N1HW00E] Reuters spoke to two teenagers from that camp, who said they were lured by promises of money, marriage and paradise after death.  They spoke on condition their full identities be withheld because authorities were not aware of their involvement, which they said ceased when the imam was killed. Their accounts could not be independently verified.  We were trained how to evade checkpoints. We were trained how to ambush, to move silently,  said 18-year-old Abdul, who described how he and others learned to dismantle rifles, make bombs and engage in hand-to-hand combat.  Faisal, 19, said the imam held Koran classes in small jungle huts, while foreigners, whose nationalities he did not know, trained them to fight non-believers.   The imam told us we would be rewarded with marriage to any beautiful girl we want,  he said. The government says poor and uneducated males like Abdul and Faisal are easy prey in the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao (ARMM), which comprises five of Mindanao s 27 provinces. In 2015-2016, the ARMM had the lowest secondary-school enrolment and the highest dropout rate, according to the education ministry, with just 32.4 percent of ARMM youth in school compared to the national average of 68 percent. Nearly half of ARMM families live in poverty, under the government s monthly income threshold of 9,064 pesos ($177), according to official data, compared to the national average of 16.5 percent. In Lanao del Sur, where Marawi is located, 66.3 percent of families live in poverty. But not all targets are poor, rural and uneducated.  Urban youth and students are also on the radar of recruiters who have infiltrated schools and universities and mastered social media, both to spread propaganda and to spot candidates for radicalization among Mindanao Muslims, known as Moros. Prime targets, said Banlaoi, are those posting on social media about economic and social exclusion, or historical injustice. A hot topic is the separatist Moro Islamic Liberation Front s (MILF) peace deal with the government, which promised to make ARMM a self-governing region called Bangsamoro (nation of Moros) but has been dogged by delays, breakdowns and mistrust. Mohagher Iqbal, the MILF s top negotiator, said extremists  exploit disillusionment with the Bangsamoro plan and promote violence by teaching only selected verses of the Koran.  We monitor them, but because the recruitment is so secretive, we cannot manage to do everything,  he told Reuters. Banlaoi said extremists had access to technology used in the Middle East by Islamic State to track chatter on platforms like Facebook and Telegram, find suitable candidates and probe their friend networks. These recruiters included Indonesians and Malaysian militants who were  very persistent . The government s fight is as much about winning hearts and minds among the Bangsamoro people as it is the battle for Marawi that has now ground on for nearly four months. Militants try to sway public opinion with slick videos celebrating their triumph over  crusaders  they say are destroying Muslim homes and businesses in Marawi with artillery and air strikes.  The military says its focus groups have shown some displaced Marawi children  idolise  the militants. It has sent female soldiers to counsel children in evacuation camps and identify those already radicalized. Jalil, the teen fighter said he was at first inspired by the rousing speeches of Abdullah Maute and his brother, Omarkhayam. But he was appalled by the bloodletting that ensued.  I can t forget what I saw. Every street corner there were dead bodies, Christians and Muslims,  he said. On the night of the execution he witnesses, Jalil abandoned his post guarding a bridge and rode a motorcycle for 50 km (31 miles) to evade army checkpoints. He turned himself in to police two weeks later. A former military intelligence officer who has tracked the Maute clan said the military under-estimated them as a  ragtag group . But the Mautes have demonstrated a capacity to regroup and, thanks to deep pockets and the respect they command among local youth, would probably strengthen after Marawi is retaken by  filling vacancies  left by hundreds of dead fighters. The worst-case scenario, the officer said, was if the Maute brothers survive.  Recruitment will be massive,  he said.  There are lots of students idolizing them.  ",1
19492,Militant attack on minister's convoy kills two bystanders in India's Kashmir,"SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Militants attacked the convoy of a minister in the restive Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday, killing at least two bystanders and injuring several others though the minister escaped unhurt, police said. A grenade hurled at the motorcade of Jammu and Kashmir Public Works Minister Naeem Akhtar exploded on the road after hitting a security vehicle, senior state police official Manoj Pandita told Reuters. Akhtar, who was on his way to inaugurate a project in the town of Tral in south Kashmir, told Reuters he was safe. The incident occurred despite tightened security in the town, which was home to former militant leader Burhan Wani whose death last year at the hands of Indian forces sparked massive protests that led to dozens more deaths. India has been fighting a long-running counter-insurgency campaign in Muslim-majority Kashmir, which both India and Pakistan claim in full but rule in part. New Delhi accuses Pakistan of pushing in militants from its part of Kashmir to carry out attacks, a charge denied by Islamabad. So far this year, around 44 civilians have been killed in militant attacks in the state, passing the highest annual total seen in the last eight years, according to the South Asia Terrorism Portal. ",1
19493,Final survey before New Zealand votes shows ruling Nationals keeping lead,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The final opinion poll before New Zealand s election on Saturday showed the ruling National Party s lead over the opposition Labour Party had slipped to 8.5 points, meaning minor parties could well decide who forms the next government.  The Newshub-Reid survey released on Thursday showed support for Prime Minister Bill English s National Party had edged down 1.5 points to 45.8 percent, but support for Labour also fell, dropping 0.5 points to 37.3 percent. The National Party has governed for the past nine years, and its re-election would hearten investors who favour continuity and like National s vow to keep the small trading economy open to foreign investment. Regardless of the polls, which have shown sharp divergences, the nationalist New Zealand First Party could well emerge as the kingmaker in the next parliament. Minor parties often have an outsize role in New Zealand s proportional representation system, in which a party, or combination of parties, needs 61 of Parliament s 120 members - usually about 48 percent of the vote - to form a government. The Newshub-Reid survey showed support for New Zealand First hitting 7.1 percent, as did support for the Green Party, which is a likely coalition partner for Labour. The tight race, with Labour and the Green Party virtually neck-and-neck with National, meant the government might not be known for weeks.  Despite all of the volatility, despite all the twists and turns of the campaign, it has come back to that simple fact ... New Zealand First appears to be that crucial kingmaker,  said Bryce Edwards, analyst at Wellington-based Critical Politics.   Outspoken New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has said he will not confirm which bloc of parties he ll support until October 12 when the results become official.  The election was so hotly-contested that the deciding votes might be those of overseas New Zealanders, whose ballots would not be released until Oct. 7.  These votes, as well as those from New Zealanders who voted outside of their home area, accounted for around 12 percent of total ballots cast in the 2014 election, according to the Election Commission. Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said on Wednesday that citizens living in Australia, home to New Zealand s largest diaspora, were  very important  to the election.  Most New Zealanders maintain a strong interest in the direction of the country, particularly when it comes to things like how we re grappling with international issues, trade issues, environmental issues - so please have your say,  Ardern told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The New Zealand dollar - the word s 11th most traded currency in 2016 - briefly firmed to $0.7324 from $0.7312 after Thursday s opinion poll, but quickly gave up most of those gains and sank to $0.7305. ",1
19494,China says North Korea situation shows importance of Iran nuclear deal: state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The recent tensions on the Korean peninsula underlined the importance of the Iranian nuclear deal, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said, according to state radio on Thursday. China supports and safeguards the Iranian nuclear deal, Wang said in a meeting on Wednesday at the United Nations in New York between the foreign ministers of Iran and the six world powers that negotiated the deal, according to China National Radio. ",1
19495,Man sets himself on fire outside New Zealand parliament,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A man has reportedly set himself on fire on the grounds of New Zealand s parliament in Wellington, two days ahead of national elections, police said on Thursday.  Ambulance are with the man currently, who s reportedly in a critical condition,  New Zealand police said in a statement, adding they have no immediate information on the man s identity. Police told a Reuters witness that the parliament grounds have been closed off. ",1
19496,British police make sixth arrest in Tube bomb investigation,"LONDON (Reuters) - British detectives have arrested a 17-year-old youth in connection with a bomb attack on an underground train in London last week that injured 30 people, bringing the total number of arrests to six, police said on Thursday. The young man was arrested in the early hours of Thursday in Thornton Heath, south London. The other arrests had taken place in Dover on the south coast of England, Hounslow in west London and Newport in Wales. A home-made bomb went off on Sept. 15 during the morning rush hour on a packed underground Tube train at Parsons Green station, sending flames through the carriage, although it appeared that the device did not fully explode. It was the fifth major terrorism incident in Britain this year.  This continues to be a fast-moving investigation. A significant amount of activity has taken place since the attack on Friday,  said Commander Dean Haydon, head of the Metropolitan Police s Counter Terrorism Command.  We now have six males in custody and searches are continuing at five addresses. Detectives are carrying out extensive inquiries to determine the full facts behind the attack,  he said. The other men in custody in a south London police station are an 18-year-old, a 21-year-old, a 25-year-old, a 30-year-old and a 48-year-old.     ",1
19497,China says 'good preparations' should be made for Trump's visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) -  Good preparations  should be made by China and the United States to ensure that U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to China later this year is a success, Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi told U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. Trump will likely visit China in November as part of a trip that will take him to an ASEAN summit in the Philippines and an APEC summit in Vietnam. The two sides should make good preparations for the visit to ensure its success so that  concrete achievements can be obtained and conditions can be created for good prospects, giving fresh impetus to bilateral ties,  Wang said, according to the official Xinhua news agency on Thursday. Close communications between Xi and Trump have meant a  smooth transition  and a  good start  in China s relationship with the United States under the new administration, he said. A  stable and healthy  relationship between the two countries is good for both countries and the international community, Wang told Pence on the sidelines of the annual general debate of the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday, Xinhua reported. China s relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration s criticism of China s trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump met for the first time in person at Trump s Mar-A-Lago estate in Florida in April. Trump has since played up his personal relationship with Xi, even when criticizing China over North Korea and trade. The two sides launched a 100-day economic plan at that meeting, including some industry-specific announcements such as the resumption of American beef sales in China. There has since been limited progress on trade relations, especially after Trump began to launch trade investigations into Chinese practices via the World Trade Organization. Trump s administration has also repeatedly called on China to do more to rein in North Korea and has threatened new sanctions on Chinese banks and other firms doing business with Pyongyang. China says it is already doing all it can to pressure North Korea and that those countries directly involved in the stand-off on the peninsula should take responsibility for resolving tensions. ",1
19498,"South Korea approves aid to North Korea, North calls Trump 'barking dog'","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea approved a plan on Thursday to send $8 million worth of aid to North Korea, as China warned the crisis on the Korean peninsula was getting more serious by the day and the war of words between Pyongyang and Washington continued. North Korea s foreign minister likened U.S. President Donald Trump to a  barking dog  on Thursday, after Trump warned he would  totally destroy  the North if it threatened the United States and its allies. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the situation on the Korean peninsula was getting more serious by the day and could not be allowed to spin out of control.  We call on all parties to be calmer than calm and not let the situation escalate out of control,  Wang said, according to a report from the state-run China News Service on Thursday. Meeting separately with his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, Wang reiterated a call for South Korea to remove the U.S.-built THAAD anti-missile system, which China says is a threat to its own security.  China hopes South Korea will make efforts to reduce tension,  a report on China s official Xinhua news agency quoted Wang as saying.  The decision to send aid to North Korea was not popular in South Korea, hitting President Moon Jae-in s approval rating. It also raised concerns in Japan and the United States, and followed new U.N. sanctions against North Korea over its sixth nuclear test earlier this month. The South s Unification Ministry said its aid policy remained unaffected by geopolitical tensions with the North. The exact timing of when the aid would be sent, as well as its size, would be confirmed later, the ministry said in a statement. The South said it aimed to send $4.5 million worth of nutritional products for children and pregnant women through the World Food Programme and $3.5 million worth of vaccines and medicinal treatments through UNICEF.   We have consistently said we would pursue humanitarian aid for North Korea in consideration of the poor conditions children and pregnant women are in there, apart from political issues,  said Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon. UNICEF s regional director for East Asia and the Pacific Karin Hulshof said in a statement before the decision the problems North Korean children face  are all too real .  Today, we estimate that around 200,000 children are affected by acute malnutrition, heightening their risk of death and increasing rates of stunting,  Hulshof said.  Food and essential medicines and equipment to treat young children are in short supply,  she said. The last time the South had sent aid to the North was in December 2015 through the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) under ex-president Park Geun-hye. South Korea s efforts aimed at fresh aid for North Korea dragged down Moon s approval rating. Realmeter, a South Korean polling organization, said on Thursday Moon s approval rating stood at 65.7 percent, weakening for a fourth straight month.  Although the approval rate is still high, those surveyed said Moon had fallen out of favor due to North Korea s continued provocations and the government s decision to consider sending aid to North Korea, Realmeter said. Moon will meet Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Trump later on Thursday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, where North Korea was expected to be the core agenda item. In an address on Tuesday, Trump escalated his standoff with North Korea over its nuclear challenge, threatening to  totally destroy  the country of 26 million people if the North threatened the United States and its allies. Trump also mocked its leader, Kim Jong Un, calling him a  rocket man . North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho called Trump s comments  the sound of a dog barking .  There is a saying that goes:  Even when dogs bark, the parade goes on ,  Ri said in televised remarks to reporters in front of a hotel near the U.N. headquarters in New York.  If (Trump) was thinking about surprising us with dog-barking sounds then he is clearly dreaming,  he said. Asked by reporters what he thought of Trump calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  rocket man , Ri quipped:  I feel sorry for his aides.  North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched numerous missiles this year, including two intercontinental ballistic missiles and two other rockets that flew over Japan. Such provocations have sparked strong disapproval from the international community, especially from the United States and Japan. ",1
19499,China says peaceful settlement for North Korea issue wanted,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A peaceful settlement of the North Korean nuclear issue is in line with the common will of the international community, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, state news agency Xinhua said on Thursday. Wang and Pence  acknowledged the important consensuses both sides have on the denuclearization of the peninsula  and agreed to enhance communication over the issue, Xinhua said of the meeting on Wednesday on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting in New York. ",1
19500,China reiterates calls for South Korea to remove THAAD,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi reiterated to his South Korean counterpart Beijing s demand for the removal of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system, state news agency Xinhua said on Thursday. Wang made the comments during a meeting with Kang Kyung-wha on the sidelines of a United Nations gathering in New York on Wednesday, it added. South Korea and the United States say THAAD is needed to defend against the threat of North Korea, but China says it will do nothing to reduce tension and its powerful radar system threatens the country s security. ",1
19501,Turkey's enemy of interest rates targets banks to boost growth,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is encouraging businesses to borrow and spend to power the economic growth that has underpinned his long rule. But after years of expanding credit, some Turks are wary. Ankara hardware store owner Nurgul says she and her husband have never taken out a loan for their joint business and she is suspicious of banks.  I think they want more people in debt,  she said.  I ve borrowed for my mortgage and that left me with an excessive amount of debt.  The president, who has purged the civil service of suspected opponents since an attempted coup last year and is expected to run for reelection in 2019, shares her mistrust. He dubs interest rates  means of exploitation  and has declared himself their enemy. Since winning a narrow victory in a referendum in April to create a powerful new executive presidency, he has had Turkey s banks in his sights, calling on them to cut interest rates to contribute to the country s growth.  We will pressure the banks, especially state banks,  he said last week.  We will pave the way for investors to access credit easily.  Government stimulus measures include expanding a credit guarantee fund, guaranteeing some of the loans banks write to smaller businesses. It has backed loans worth 210 billion lira ($60 billion) so far. Bank loans grew by 12 percent in the first seven months of this year, almost double the rate in same period last year, according to regulatory data, a trend some economists say is worrying. Turkey has had one of the largest private credit expansions of any emerging market over the last decade, said William Jackson of Capital Economics in London.  Typically when you get credit booms on that scale, they are followed by a rise in non-performing loans and strains in the banking sector,  he said.  It s hard to say when those might emerge, but I think it s clearly a big risk.  Non-performing loans are at 3.1 percent after 3.2 percent last year. Cemil Ertem, chief economy adviser to the president, said he expected the ratio to fall to 2-2.5 percent in time, on the back of stiff selection criteria applied by the credit guarantee fund. Since becoming prime minister nearly a decade and a half ago, Erdogan has built his reputation on years of stellar growth. His AK Party has embarked on massive infrastructure projects, building roads, hospitals, subways and high-speed rail, and lifting millions out of poverty. In 2002, Turkey s per capita GDP averaged $3,660, behind both Libya and Gabon, according to World Bank data. Last year, it was three times that at around $11,000. Turkey now sits comfortably among the world top 20 economies and government ministers expect expansion of at least 5 percent this year, after a slowing to 3.2 percent last year.  The economy is a priority after the referendum process,  said Hatice Karahan, an Erdogan adviser. Soner Cagaptay, a fellow at the Washington Institute think-tank and author of  The New Sultan: Erdogan and the Crisis of Modern Turkey , said sustaining prosperity was vital for the president s election prospects.   Erdogan wins because he delivers economic growth. He has built a plurality - not yet a majority - that supports the AKP because he lifted so many people out of poverty,  Cagaptay said. The AKP has a loyal support base of religious conservatives but needs economic growth to retain its wider appeal, analysts say. Hurt by a faltering economy, it took 41 percent of the vote in June 2015 parliamentary elections, its worst showing since coming to power, although it regained ground in a second vote that year. Cagaptay estimates that about 10 percent of the electorate, or roughly 20 percent of AKP voters, are not die-hard Erdogan supporters.  It s that base that could easily abandon him should there be an economic collapse,  he said. While credit rating agency Fitch rates Turkey s debt as  junk  - citing the political risks that followed the failed coup attempt - it notes the economy is stronger than its peers. The government recorded a 1 percent budget deficit last year, one of the lowest in emerging markets, despite sheltering 3 million refugees from the war in neighboring Syria. But that is now changing.  Stimulus measures will weaken fiscal performance in 2017,  Fitch said in July, referring to government forecasts of a deficit of 2 percent of GDP this year. That figure is still relatively strong and the government said last month Turkey would maintain fiscal discipline by reeling in spending. Rather than borrowing, some economists say Turkey should focus on boosting its saving rate and foreign investment, something the government has pledged to do, along with an emphasis on structural reforms to spur growth. Foreign investment stood at $12.3 billion last year, down by more than $5 billion from a year ago, amid concern over the rule of law. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs since the coup attempt and 50,000 people have been arrested. ",1
19502,"As Congo refugees pour over border, Angola's backing for Kabila in doubt","DUNDO, Angola (Reuters) - Captured by militia and accused of being married to a Congolese government official, Kimpanga Caro could smell the fire she was told would be used to burn her decapitated head to ash. Caro, whose husband is a pastor not an official, was freed when one of the militiamen recognized her. She raced back home to find her husband in their ransacked village. They fled south, on foot with their five children, towards a country they heard was safe: Angola. Thirty thousand of her compatriots have made the same journey so far, among 1.4 million people driven from their homes in a year of violence in the central Kasai region of the Democratic Republic of Congo. There are signs that the refugee crisis is causing Angola   a powerful regional ally that helped sustain Congolese President Joseph Kabila and his father in power for two decades   to question its support for the leader of its volatile neighbor. At least 3,300 people have been killed in Kasai since the Kamuina Nsapu militia launched an insurrection to force a military withdrawal from the area. Refugees say villages have been destroyed and women have been raped both by the militiamen and by soldiers who have fought them. Their flight into the Angolan province of Lunda Norte has brought an international relief effort to the area for the first time since Angola s own 27-year civil war ended in 2002. A cooling in Angola s support for Kabila would leave the Congolese president more isolated than ever and make it even harder for him to hang on to power beyond the end of this year, when he has pledged to hold an election already a year late. Angola, with the third largest economy in sub-Saharan Africa and one of the region s strongest militaries, has twice in the past sent troops to prop up Kabila. Now, its soldiers are trying to contain the violence on the frontier. Luanda has doubled its troops and police on the border, according to Marcelino Caetano, provincial director of the Service for Migration and Foreigners, responsible for Lunda Norte province s 770-kilometre border with the DRC.  We will maintain this level of control for as long as we have to,  he said in his cramped, well-guarded offices in Dundo, an old diamond mining town just 9 kilometers from the border, declining to give exact numbers for Angolan troops in the area. Angola had pushed Kinshasa to allow U.N. officials into Kasai to help, but the Congolese have declined, he said. Since March, two Angolan border guards and one immigration official have been killed in attacks by Congolese militia on four separate border posts, said Inacio Feliciano, a senior police commander. Aid agencies suspect Angolan forces are patrolling inside Congo, though Caetano denied this. The unrest is not the only change that could alter Angola s policy of supporting Kabila: in Luanda, a new president is about to take power after 38 years of rule by Jose Eduardo dos Santos. Jo o Louren o, a military man and former defense minister, lacks dos Santos s historic ties with Kabila and his father Laurent, who took power in Congo in 1997 and was killed in 2001. Louren o regards Kabila as an increasingly destabilizing force, according to a diplomat familiar with his thinking, although the diplomat said military intervention against Kabila remains unlikely as it would probably make things worse.  He doesn t want a Libya on his doorstep.  Angola has worried about the 2,600-kilometre border it shares with the DRC for decades. During Angola s civil war, enemies of the ruling MPLA party hid, trained and armed in the former Zaire. Unrest in the vast, mineral rich Congo has had a tendency to draw its neighbors into regional conflict. With the victims of the Kasai violence now crossing into Angola and the threat of militia groups moving across the border too, the benefit of keeping Kabila as an ally is less obvious. At the Chissanda crossing last week, located just north of Dundo, two officials said the border was closed. Guards sat around chatting and watching the sun set. Authorities say they are letting refugees cross, though the stream has stopped in recent weeks. Some are even choosing to return home. The Congolese army says it has taken back control of Kasai, though Commander Feliciano said he had received reports of clashes around the city of Kananga on Sept 7. Refugees interviewed by Reuters told of soldiers raping and executing residents for supporting the militia in villages the army had taken back.  We expect it to get worse again as we approach the end of the year,  said Guy-Rufin Guernas, the local head for the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) in Dundo. Kabila agreed to hold presidential elections, due in 2016, by December. But the vote looks unlikely to happen by then, potentially sparking a violent backlash. UNHCR is working on the basis that another 50,000 refugees could cross into Angola before 2017 ends. To accommodate them, a new settlement is being constructed about 100 km outside Dundo, in the municipality of Lovua. Last Wednesday, recent arrivals were digging up roots on the 25x25 meter plots of land that families are being given in this remote area of sparse forest. Getting equipment, from solar lights to bulldozers, is difficult and expensive. Located at the north-eastern tip of Angola, Dundo s airport only just re-opened. Most goods are brought in by truck from Saurimo, the provincial capital of neighboring Lunda Sul, three hours away. At night there is almost total darkness. Buying basic goods is difficult. The cost of taking in the refugees is steep for Angola, which is in the midst of recession after the fall in the price of oil, its main source of wealth.  Angola has had its own war, it understands the suffering these people are going through,  said Guernas. In Cacanda, an earlier more ad-hoc settlement where nearly 7,000 refugees are still crammed under tarpaulin before they move to Lovua, many complain of a lack of food and shelter. Rafael Tshimbumba, 50, says the conditions may be basic but he cannot return to Kasai. He lost four children in the violence, when militias arrived at his village and began killing anyone that spoke Tshiluba, language of the Baluba people, highlighting the increasingly tribal element of the conflict.  Here at least we are safe,  he said, wearing the red and black t-shirt of the MPLA party that governs Angola. For Caro, who escaped from Congo with her pastor husband after the militia threatened to kill her, the flight itself led only to more danger. As the family stopped to rest in a village near the border, a passing car snatched her 5-year old boy. She searched for him for days and put a message out on the local radio, but found nothing.  Only God knows where he s gone,  she said, holding her youngest child in her arms. ",1
19503,"Armed group seeks legitimacy with Tripoli migrant deal, source says","ROME/TUNIS (Reuters) - A powerful armed group, known for smuggling people from Libya, is seeking legitimacy and state security jobs from the Tripoli government in exchange for stopping migrant boats from leaving the coast of Sabratha for Italy, a senior group member said. The group, the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, struck a deal with Libya s United Nations-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) this summer to clamp down on trafficking, the senior brigade member, who gave his name as Mohamed, told Reuters. The need for the GNA to strike such a deal would illustrate the power of armed groups in western Libya, which continue to hold the real influence locally as they have since a 2011 uprising that ousted Muammar Gaddafi. The revelation would also throw light on the fragility of the sharp recent reduction in migrant arrivals from Italy, which took over from the Aegean route as the main focus of European concerns in the crisis. The GNA did not respond to requests for comment. Local sources, who declined to be named, said there had been at least one meeting between government officials and Ahmed al-Dabbashi, identified as one of the main  facilitators  of human smuggling in Libya in a U.N. report earlier this year.  Mohamed said there had been a number of such meetings, and that the brigade was also offered the possibility of an amnesty for past smuggling activity. To show it could uphold the deal with Tripoli, the several-hundred-strong brigade has cracked down on departures with the help of the coastguard leading to an 80 percent fall in the arrival of rescued migrants in Italy last month, Mohamed said. With a national election looming in the first half of next year, the government in Rome, which welcomed the sudden decline shown in official data, is under pressure to show it can stop, or at least slow, migration from the oil-producing desert state. Libya remains split between rival political camps and armed alliances. The GNA has struggled to impose its authority on Tripoli and other parts of western Libya, and has been rejected by factions that control the east of the country. Mohamed said the GNA, under pressure from Italy to halt the migrant flows, had exerted pressure on the Dabbashi brigade. The GNA  said that they would gather all the cities west of Tripoli against us, and they would come and fight us.         On the other hand, they have offered to let us join the police, and let us join the military,  Mohamed said.  If this plan goes forward and the (Tripoli) government was telling the truth ... in six months time everybody in this battalion will be like normal police.  A second source in Sabratha spoke to Ahmed al-Dabbashi, who confirmed that Mohamed was a member of the brigade. It is the first time a brigade member has spoken at length about why the group suddenly shifted from smuggling to policing, a change first reported by Reuters last month. Some international media reported that Dabbashi had received five million euros directly from Italy s secret services to stop the migrant boats, but Mohamed denied this. Italy has also denied any direct payments to armed groups. The fragility of the security situation in Sabratha was underscored by territorial clashes that erupted there over the weekend, with Dabbashi s group battling cross-town rivals in some of the heaviest fighting the city has seen in recent years. Explosions could be heard as far away as the port of Zawiya, 22 km (14 miles) away. Both sides in the fighting claim to have the backing of the Tripoli government, and both battled together to drive Islamic State forces out of the area last year.      With Italy and the EU offering millions of euros to local authorities in Libya who can put a cap on trafficking, armed groups have an interest in proving that they are the only ones who can police the territory.  This smuggling thing   everybody knows that Libya is not going to be like this forever,  Mohamed said.  If you are just a little bit smart, you will go with the government.  As a result of the policing by Dabbashi and coastguard interceptions, arrivals of rescued migrants in Italy fell 50 percent in July from a year earlier, and declined more than 80 percent in August   two months that had been peak periods during the previous three years. Overall, there have been more than 100,000 arrivals in Italy this year, a decline of more than 20 percent compared to 2016, official Italian data show. To rein in smuggling, Italy has spearheaded efforts to bolster the Libyan coast guard, and it is dealing directly with local governments to try to offer incentives for them to shut it down, including with Sabratha s mayor, Hussein al-Thwadi. Thwadi sought support directly from Italy, meeting the ambassador earlier this month and Interior Minister Marco Minniti in July.     The Dabbashi brigade, which also guards an oil and gas facility west of Sabratha run jointly by Libya s National Oil Corporation (NOC) and Italian firm Eni, denied any direct contacts with Italy. It is allied to Brigade 48, a group of some 300 soldiers aligned with the GNA.   We only have deals with the (Tripoli) government,  Mohamed said.  They said they might forgive all of what we have done in the past,  he added, referring to people smuggling. But it is unclear if Tripoli can deliver on its promises to integrate Dabbashi s men, or whether any group can hold the line against forces who want to keep smuggling. On Saturday, Libyan coastguard officials said they had turned back more than 1,000 migrants traveling in at least eight boats. On the same day, the Dabbashi brigade intercepted about 3,000 more, said Mohamed. More than 1,500 were rescued at sea and brought to Italy.  A lot of people are pressuring us to stop this,  Mohamed said of Dabbashi s crackdown on departing migrant boats.  They want to start (human trafficking) again.   ",1
19504,Malaysia arrests seven suspected of involvement with Abu Sayyaf militant group,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has arrested seven Philippine men suspected of involvement in activities of the Abu Sayyaf militant group, police said on Thursday, as concern grows in Southeast Asia over the possible expansion of militant Islamist activity. The Abu Sayyaf, whose members have pledged loyalty to Islamic State, is notorious for bombings, beheadings, extortions and kidnap-for-ransom activities in the Philippines  volatile south. The men worked as security guards for private companies in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, and the surrounding state of Selangor, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun said.  One suspect, a 22-year-old, was an Abu Sayyaf group member involved in clashes with the military and kidnapping of hostages in the southern Philippines,  he said in a statement. An extremist faction of the Abu Sayyaf helped seize large parts of Marawi city in the southern Philippines in May, leading to a siege that has killed about 670 militants and 149 soldiers.  Reuters could  not reach the men to seek comment as they are in custody. It was not immediately clear if they have lawyers to represent them. Malaysian police said their arrests were based on information received after authorities thwarted a plan by an Abu Sayyaf member to stage an attack at the closing ceremony of the Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur last month.     All seven men arrived in Malaysia in September 2015 through the town of Sandakan in the state of Sabah on Borneo island, off the southern coast of the Philippines, before traveling to Kuala Lumpur on forged documents, Mohamad Fuzi said.   Since 2013, Muslim-majority Malaysia has detained more than 300 people with suspected links to Islamic State.  This year, Malaysia has arrested 41 foreigners classified as foreign terrorist fighters, Mohamad Fuzi added. Governments in Southeast Asia have been worried over the possible expansion of Islamic State as the group loses ground in the Middle East.     ",1
19505,Spanish police raid Catalan government to halt banned referendum,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish police raided Catalan government offices and arrested officials on Wednesday to halt a banned referendum on independence, an action the regional president said meant Madrid had effectively taken over his administration. Tens of thousands of protesters gathered outside the regional government offices in the center of Barcelona s tourist district as well as in several Catalan cities, waving the red-and-yellow Catalan flag and chanting  Occupying forces out  and  Where is Europe? .  The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia s government and has established emergency rule,  Catalan President Carles Puigdemont said in a televised address.  We condemn and reject the anti-democratic and totalitarian actions of the Spanish state,  he said, adding Catalans should turn out in force to vote in the Oct. 1 referendum on a split from Spain that Madrid has declared illegal. State police arrested Catalonia s junior economy minister Josep Maria Jove on Wednesday in their first raid of government offices in the region, Catalan government sources said. The raid targeted several regional government departments. A dozen high-ranking local officials were arrested, La Vanguardia newspaper said. Police confirmed they were carrying out raids connected with the banned referendum, but did not give details. The Catalan government sources could not confirm the other arrests. In several Barcelona districts, people banged on balconies railings and dumpsters while passing cars hooted noisily. Among the protesters outside the government office in Barcelona, was Carlos, a 47-year-old taxi driver.  We re here so they know they can t do whatever they want,  he said, as protesters bore banners reading  Democracy  and  Vote to be free . The FC Barcelona soccer club said in a statement:  FC Barcelona, in remaining faithful to its historic commitment to the defense of the nation, to democracy, to freedom of speech, and to self-determination, condemns any act that may impede the free exercise of these rights.  Police efforts to stop the referendum have intensified in recent days as the wealthy northeastern region shows no signs of halting it. Acting under court orders, police have raided printers, newspaper offices and private delivery companies in a search for campaign literature, instruction manuals for manning voting stations and ballot boxes. The Civil Guard, a national police force, on Wednesday seized 10 million ballot papers, polling station displays as well as documents and forms to run the vote, including a list of voters under the headline  2017 Catalonia self-determination referendum . (For a graphic on Catalonia secession click tmsnrt.rs/2xw6JtO)  It had on Tuesday seized more than 45,000 envelopes packed in cardboard boxes that the Catalan government was ready to send to notify people about the referendum, while the first of hundreds of Catalan mayors appeared before the state prosecutor after they said they would back the referendum. Spain s finance ministry has taken over the region s finances to prevent the use of public money to organize the vote. But the central government must tread a fine line in enforcing the law in the region without seeming heavy-handed. Polls show a minority of Catalans, albeit more than 40 percent, support independence although a majority want a referendum on the issue.  Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Wednesday the operations in Catalonia were the result of legal rulings and were to ensure the rule of law.  He later called on Catalan leaders to cancel the vote.  Don t go ahead, you don t have any legitimacy to do it. Go back to the law and democracy (...) This referendum is a chimera,  he said in a televised speech. Any action that broke the law would be met with a proportionate response, he added. The Constitutional Court has suspended the vote after the central government challenged its legality. Spain s central government says the referendum goes against the 1978 constitution which states Spain is indivisible. Under Article 155 of the constitution, Madrid has the power to suspend the regional government s authority to rule. It has yet to exercise this option as it seeks to block the vote through the courts. Although markets have so far shrugged off the increasing tension, Spain s top stock index underperformed regional European stock peers on Wednesday.  The IBEX fell more than 1 percent by late afternoon trading with financials the biggest drags. Euro zone stocks were off about 0.2 percent. ",1
19506,"Trump, South Korea's Moon to meet amid tensions over North Korea","NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in will hold talks on North Korea s nuclear crisis on Thursday amid tensions over whether Trump s harsh rhetoric against North Korean leader Kim Jong Un could lead to a miscalculation. U.S. officials scrambled to stress diplomatic options remained open after Trump used his U.N. General Assembly speech on Tuesday to threaten to  totally destroy  nuclear-armed North Korea and blast Kim as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission. Trump and Moon are to sit down at midday on the last day of Trump s four-day visit to New York, where he met with a flurry of foreign leaders gathered for the annual U.N. event. Trump will first meet Moon, then have lunch with Moon and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, then meet separately with Abe. Publicly, the South Korean government described Trump s speech as an expression of how serious the United States views the North Korean nuclear challenge.  We view the speech as portraying a firm and specific stance on the key issues regarding keeping peace and safety that the international community and the United Nations are faced with,  Moon s office said in a statement on Wednesday. But two senior South Korean diplomats, interviewed by Reuters, expressed concern that Trump s rhetoric could provoke a miscalculation from Kim and prompt him to launch an attack. The diplomats also said the two governments are not communicating the same message, with South Korea saying it cannot afford another war on the Korean peninsula.  Any allies can t be on the exact same page on every matter but it s concerning that we are giving the impression that the two countries have different voices,  one diplomat said. A senior U.S. official dismissed the South Korean diplomats  worries about a miscalculation and said a cautious approach by past U.S. administrations had not stopped North Korea from developing nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.  They re always worried about that,  the official said.  The cautious, go-slow approach of strategic patience has gotten us to where we are.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters on Wednesday night that U.S.-led sanctions against North Korea are starting to take effect with the North experiencing fuel shortages. Trump and Moon are also at odds over trade. Trump has complained about the U.S. trade deficit with South Korea, but has so far been persuaded by his top advisers not to terminate a  U.S.-South Korean trade agreement as he has threatened. Moon, speaking at a business event in New York, urged greater U.S. investment in South Korea and defended the U.S.-South Korea trade agreement known as KORUS.  It is a fact that the Korea-U.S. FTA is an agreement that benefits both countries by expanding their trade, enhancing market accessibility and increasing their investment and jobs,  Yonhap quoted Moon as saying. It said he added that the U.S  trade deficit with South Korea was limited to products and was shrinking while South Korea continued to post large trade deficits with the United States in the service sector. ",1
19507,"Lost luggage: ""Mischievous"" Singapore handler sent bags astray at world's best airport","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A man who worked as a baggage handler at Singapore s Changi Airport swapped tags on hundreds of bags, sending the luggage to the wrong destinations, the Straits Times newspaper reported. Tay Boon Keh, a 63-year-old working as a baggage handler for a sub-contractor of the Changi Airport Group, was charged in court on Tuesday with 286 counts of mischief, the newspaper said. He did not explain his actions, but intends to plead guilty, it said. The next hearing is on Oct 17, when, if convicted, he can be jailed for up to one year and fined for each charge. Luggage originally bound for various parts of the world, including Perth, Manila, Frankfurt, London and San Francisco, was affected, according to court documents. Tay is believed to have changed baggage tags almost every day from November until February, they said. An airport spokesman said there was no breach of security. Nearly 59 million passengers used Changi Airport in 2016. The world s sixth busiest airport for international traffic, it flies passengers to 380 cities on over 100 airlines and was voted the world s best airport in 2017 by the Skytrax air travel consultancy. It handles about 70,000 bags per day, according to the Changi Airport Group website. ",1
19508,New Zealand calls in navy to beat jet fuel shortage before vote,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A New Zealand navy vessel will ferry diesel fuel around the country as the government rushes to alleviate a days-long fuel shortage that has cast air travel into disarray in the run-up to Saturday s national election. The ship would transport up to 4.8 million liters of diesel - equivalent to 150 tankers - to enable industry to focus on providing jet fuel to crisis-hit Auckland airport, Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins said on Thursday. More than 120 flights have been canceled in New Zealand s largest city this week, disrupting thousands of travelers each day after damage to the single privately owned pipeline that carries jet fuel from a refinery to the city s airport.  The government will continue to do everything it can to support industry efforts to address the disruption,  Collins said in statement. New Zealand s government and industry have taken a series of measures to try to contain the crisis, from fuel rationing to calling on the military to help truck in supplies of fuel, and have set up an industry government group to handle the fallout. Another 14 flights were canceled on Thursday, according to Auckland Airport, but that was less than half the number of flights canceled on Wednesday.   Generally what we are seeing is the cancellations across the industry have stabilized,  said Justin Tighe-Umbers, executive director of the Board of Airline Representatives New Zealand. The ordeal has become a headache for the ruling National Party which is battling it out with the newly invigorated  Labour Party to form the next government. The latest poll showed National with a near 10 point lead over Labour, but polls have been volatile and at times have shown Labour with a comfortable winning margin. Jacinda Ardern, which has almost single-handedly boosted Labour s chances since taking over the leadership in August, has criticized the government for not having taken measures to avoid the kind of infrastructure failure that led to the disruptive fuel shortage. Overnight, Australia s Qantas Airways operated two flights from Australia, nicknamed  fuel mules , carrying fuel to top up Jetstar and Qantas aircraft in Auckland, the airline said.  One was a scheduled A330 passenger service that carried an extra 10,000 kilograms of fuel, while the other was a special 747 flight with 65,000 kilograms of fuel aboard, it said. ",1
19509,China says North Korean situation more serious by the day,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The situation on the Korean peninsula is getting more serious by the day and cannot be allowed to spin out of control, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his German counterpart, the state-run China News Service said on Thursday. A resolution to the North Korea issue cannot only rely on sanctions and not talks, Wang said, meeting German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting in New York on Wednesday, the report added. ",1
19510,"South Korea approves $8 million aid to North Korea, timing to be decided later","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea approved a plan on Thursday to send $8 million worth of humanitarian aid to North Korea, the South s Unification Ministry said, as part of an aid policy that the government says remains unaffected by geopolitical tensions with the North. The aid decision was made after a meeting of government officials chaired by Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon. It comes after the United Nations approved new sanctions against North Korea for its sixth nuclear test earlier this month. The South said it aims to send $4.5 million worth of nutritional products for children and pregnant women through the World Food Programme and $3.5 million worth of vaccines and medicinal treatments through UNICEF. The exact timing of when the aid will be sent, as well as its size, will be confirmed later, the ministry said in a statement. The WFP and UNICEF had approached the South Korean government in May and July this year to contribute in aiding North Korea, the statement added.   We have consistently said we would pursue humanitarian aid for North Korea in consideration of the poor conditions children and pregnant women are in there, apart from political issues,  said Cho in opening remarks at the meeting. Ahead of the meeting, UNICEF s regional director for East Asia and the Pacific Karin Hulshof said in a statement the problems North Korean children face  are all too real .  Today, we estimate that around 200,000 children are affected by acute malnutrition, heightening their risk of death and increasing rates of stunting,  Hulshof said.  Food and essential medicines and equipment to treat young children are in short supply.  Cho s ministry had said earlier this month they were looking into giving North Korea aid, which launched a backlash of disapproval from both the public and opposition parties. It has dragged down South Korean President Moon Jae-in s  approval rating. Realmeter, a South Korean polling organization, said on Thursday Moon s approval rating stood at 65.7 percent, weakening for a fourth straight month.  Although the approval rate is still high, those surveyed said Moon had fallen out of favor due to North Korea s continued provocations and the government s decision to consider sending aid to North Korea, Realmeter said. South Korea s decision to mull over fresh aid to the North has also caused a rift of concern in neighboring Japan and the United States, according to government officials there, leading Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to bring up the issue during a phone call with Moon last week.  Moon had said aid was something to be considered separately from political issues, quoted by his office. South Korean humanitarian aid efforts to North Korea had been halted since North Korea s fourth nuclear test in January last year. The last time the South had sent aid to the North was in December 2015 through the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) under ex-president Park Geun-hye. North Korea has conducted two more nuclear tests since then, with its most recent and largest taking place early this month. Pyongyang has launched numerous missiles as well, including two intercontinental ballistic missiles and two other rockets that have flown over Japan. Such provocations have sparked strong disapproval from the international community, especially from the United States and Japan. ",1
19511,Trump urges 'strong and swift' U.N. action to end Rohingya crisis,"UNITED NATIONS/COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump wants the United Nations Security Council to take  strong and swift action  to end violence against Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims, Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday, declaring the crisis a threat to the world. Speaking at a Security Council meeting on peacekeeping reform, Pence accused the Myanmar military of responding to militant attacks on government outposts  with terrible savagery, burning villages, driving the Rohingya from their homes.   Unless this violence is stopped, which justice demands, it will only get worse. And it will sow seeds of hatred and chaos that may well consume the region for generations to come and threaten the peace of us all,  Pence said. Pence s remarks were the strongest U.S. government response yet to the violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state that began on Aug. 25 and forced 422,000 Rohingya into Bangladesh, fleeing a military offensive the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. Even so, the chances of forceful action by the world body appear scant. Diplomats say the Security Council could consider adopting a formal statement if the situation does not improve, but China and Russia are unlikely to agree to stronger action that would require the adoption of a resolution they could veto.  A U.N. Security Council resolution would need nine votes in favor and no vetoes by Russia, China, the United States, Britain and France.  Myanmar said earlier this month it was negotiating with veto powers China and Russia to ensure their protection. China, which has close economic and diplomatic ties with Myanmar and is a competitor to the United States for influence in the strategically important country, has called for understanding of the government s efforts to protect stability. U.S. officials, for their part, have said that any return to sanctions imposed when Myanmar was under military rule is unlikely.      Pence repeated a U.S. call for the Myanmar military to end the violence and support diplomatic efforts for a long-term solution for the Rohingya, who are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants. The 15-member U.N. Security Council has met twice behind closed doors since the Rohingya crisis began on Aug. 25 and last week issued an informal statement to the press condemning the situation and urging Myanmar authorities to end the violence. Pence s stark warning suggested Washington was concerned the crisis could spiral into the kind of sectarian, or religious, conflict plaguing parts of the Middle East and South Asia, where militants like Islamic State and al Qaeda gained a foothold.    It comes at a time when the Trump administration has been seeking to limit refugees entering the United States and to ban travel from six Muslim-majority countries. Trump has argued that the ban is needed to prevent terrorist attacks and to allow the government to put in place more stringent vetting procedures. The violence began when Rohingya insurgents attacked about 30 police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. Iran s President Hassan Rouhani told a news conference in New York on Wednesday that  the government should be pressured to end this ethnic cleansing.  French President Emmanuel Macron also condemned  unacceptable ethnic cleaning  on Tuesday and pushed for U.N. Security Council action.  In her speech to the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May urged the Myanmar authorities to end the violence and allow full humanitarian aid access.  Pence said the United States welcomed comments by Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi in a national address on Tuesday that returning refugees have nothing to fear. Suu Kyi s assurances were reiterated on Wednesday at the annual United Nations General Assembly by Myanmar s Vice President Henry Van Thio, who said security forces had been instructed to take  full measures  to avoid collateral damage and harming innocent civilians. But Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh said on Wednesday they took little hope from the 1991 Nobel peace laureate s speech.   I have no hope to go back. My documents were stripped from my forefathers decades ago,  said Shafi Rahman, 45. He said he had arrived in Bangladesh two weeks ago after soldiers and civilian mobs burned his village. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes responded with violence and arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians. Van Thio said the government was concerned by reports that Muslims were continuing to cross into Bangladesh even though there had been no armed clashes since Sept. 5 and added:  We would need to find out the reason for this exodus.  Smoke could be seen rising from at least two places in Myanmar on Wednesday, a Reuters reporter in Bangladesh said. It was not known what was burning but rights groups say almost half of Rohingya villages in the region have been torched. In her Tuesday speech, Suu Kyi condemned abuses and said all violators would be punished, adding that she was committed to the restoration of peace and the rule of law. However, she did not address U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the security forces, drawing a cool international response. Suu Kyi has for years been feted in the West as a champion of democracy during years of military rule and house arrest but she has faced growing criticism over the plight of the Rohingya. Western diplomats and aid officials had hoped to see unequivocal condemnation of violence and hate speech in her address. U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy is in Myanmar and is due to meet government officials and representatives of different communities in Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine state. The United States said on Wednesday it would provide an additional $32 million in humanitarian assistance to help deal with the crisis, bringing its total assistance for refugees from Burma in the region to nearly $95 million for fiscal 2017.  We applaud the government of Bangladesh s generosity in responding to this severe humanitarian crisis and appreciate their continued efforts to ensure assistance reaches people in need,  the U.S. State Department said in a statement. Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said she talked to  Trump on Monday about Rohingya Muslims flooding into her country, but expected no help from him as he has made clear how he feels about refugees. ",1
19512,China top graft buster says corruption fight 'world class hard',"BEIJING (Reuters) - Fixing the corruption problem in China s ruling Communist Party is  world class hard  and the battle will never end, the country s top graft-buster told Singapore s prime minister in a rare meeting with a visiting foreign leader. Wang Qishan, who heads the party s Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, has been at the forefront of President Xi Jinping s fight against deep-seated corruption, and speculation has swirled about whether he will retire or stay on at next month s key party Congress. Meeting Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the central leadership s Zhongnanhai compound in Beijing, Wang said the party s anti-corruption campaign and efforts to supervise itself had been highly effective.  Carrying out an operation on yourself to cure an illness is world class hard,  the commission cited Wang as saying, in a statement late on Wednesday. The party has long insisted it has no need for an independent anti-corruption mechanism, in a country where the party also controls the legal system. Wang said that the final aim in the graft fight was to find an effective route to self-supervision for a party that has been in power for a long time, and to always maintain the party s  progressiveness and cleanliness . The party s efforts have won the trust of the people and demonstrates the party s confidence in its system, he added. The anti-corruption effort is  always on the road , Wang said, using a frequently used party expression to refer to how the campaign will not end. Singapore s Straits Times said that the meeting with Wang had been requested by Lee, and that Wang told Lee he was surprised but happy the request had been made.  So I sought permission and I am here meeting you and your delegation today,  Wang told Lee, the newspaper reported.  Wang, who is 69 and sits on the party s elite ruling Standing Committee, should retire at next month s party Congress according to unwritten party rules on age limits, but he is close to Xi and could stay on in some capacity, sources with ties to the leadership have said. ",1
19513,"Martinique escapes brunt of Hurricane Maria, Guadeloupe takes lashing","PARIS (Reuters) - The French island of Martinique escaped Hurricane Maria largely unscathed but a communications blackout with Guadeloupe meant it would be several more hours before damage there could be assessed, a senior French Civil Protection official said on Tuesday. Maria, the second major storm to hit the Caribbean this month, lashed Guadeloupe s southern shores as it tracked northwest toward the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.  In Martinique, reconnaissance operations are still underway but already we can see that there is no significant damage,  Jacques Witkowski, France s head of civil protection and crisis response, told a news briefing in Paris. He said the hurricane was currently less than 70 km (43.5 miles) south of Guadeloupe.  Right now we re in a blackout zone, so it s very, very hard to communicate with Guadeloupe,  Witkowski said.    Video footage released by the Guadeloupe prefecture showed tree-bending winds whipping through deserted streets and shaking lamp posts when the storm first hit. It urged residents to stay indoors and take shelter in their most secure room. Guadeloupe prefect Eric Maire said up to 400 millimeters of rain were forecast in some parts of the island. A storm surge could also flood low-lying coastal areas.  We ve already got some early information of flooding, flooded houses and submerged roads,  Maire said in a video recording posted on the prefecture s Twitter handle. Airport group Guadeloupe Pole Caraibes said Guadeloupe s main international airport would be closed until at least 14:00 local time (1800 GMT) on Tuesday. ",1
19514,Dominican Republic shuts most ports ahead of Hurricane Maria,"SANTO DOMINGO (Reuters) - Dominican Republic closed most of its ports ahead of Hurricane Maria, but the country s 34,000-barrel-per-day refinery was still running, the government said on Wednesday. Ports that suspended operations under the  red alert  declared for extreme weather conditions are La Romana, Samana, Arroyo Barril, Puerto Plata and Manzanillo, the Dominican Port Authority said in a statement. Maria was a Category 4 hurricane when it hit Puerto Rico earlier on Wednesday.  The ports of San Souci and Haina, which serve the country s sole refinery, also halted operations on Wednesday, according to operators of those facilities. The port of Caucedo has not declared its status. State-run refining company Refidomsa last week lifted a force majeure declaration on its fuel deliveries due to Hurricane Harvey, which limited its imports of oil from the U.S. Gulf Coast to be processed at the facility.  The refinery s docks temporarily closed earlier in September due to Hurricane Irma, but they resumed operations days later. Refidomsa, owned by the island s government and Venezuela s state-run oil firm Petr leos de Venezuela, S.A. (PDVSA) [PDVSA.UL], this week issued a  yellow alert  to the industry ahead of Maria, which means it will monitor the storm to decide on further action, the Dominican firm said. Puerto Rico s Yabucoa terminal operated by Buckeye Partners suspended operations on Tuesday. The company is monitoring the storm to decide whether to close its Bahamas terminal, the largest in the Caribbean. NuStar Energy has not reopened its terminal on the island of St. Eustatius after Hurricane Irma damaged some tanks. ",1
19515,Myanmar says security forces told to avoid collateral damage in Rakhine,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Myanmar s vice president told the United Nations on Wednesday that security forces in his country s Rakhine State, from which hundreds of thousands of people have recently fled, have been instructed to take  full measures  to avoid collateral damage and harming innocent civilians. Violence in Rakhine State erupted on Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants launched deadly attacks on government outposts, provoking a fierce crackdown by the Myanmar military that has been greeted with widespread international condemnation, including at the annual U.N. General Assembly this week. Addressing the assembly, Vice President Henry Van Thio said it was not only Rohingya Muslims who had fled, but members of other minority groups too. He said human rights violations would be dealt with  in accordance with strict norms of justice.  At least 420,000 Rohingya Muslims have since fled into neighboring Bangladesh to escape what a senior United Nations official has called a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . On Wednesday, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence accused the Myanmar military of responding to militant attacks  with terrible savagery, burning villages, driving the Rohingya from their homes.  Pence called the crisis a threat to the world and said U.S. President Donald Trump wanted the U.N. Security Council to take  strong and swift action  to the violence.  Van Thio said his government was  deeply concerned about the present situation in Rakhine  and said:  The security forces have been instructed to adhere strictly to the Code of Conduct in carrying out security operations, to exercise all due restraint, and to take full measures to avoid collateral damage and the harming of innocent civilians.  He said the government s  deepest sympathy goes to the families of all innocent civilians and members of the police and security forces who have lost their lives.  Van Thio said the government was concerned by reports that  Muslims were continuing to cross into Bangladesh even though there had been no armed clashes since Sept. 5 and added:  We would need to find out the reason for this exodus.  Van Thio said the government recognized the need to ensure humanitarian assistance was provided  to all those in need without discrimination.  He said a committee had been established under the social welfare minister to implement recommendations of an advisory commission chaired by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the government would establish an advisory board comprised of  eminent persons  from Myanmar and abroad. Myanmar was also working hard to enhance relations with Bangladesh and would welcome a visit by its home minister to discuss cooperation on border security, Van Thio said. ",1
19516,Mexicans spooked by repeat rumble on anniversary of 1985 quake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - When a devastating earthquake rocked Mexico City on Tuesday, 32 years to the day after another deadly temblor, the city s traumatized inhabitants struggled to understand why disaster had struck twice on the same date.  Just two hours after a city-wide seismic drill to mark the earlier tragedy, Mexico City was shaken by a magnitude 7.1 quake, its second major tremor in less than two weeks, which killed at least 100 people in the capital and 230 nationwide.  The annual drill is a legacy of the 1985 quake, a harrowing disaster imprinted on the national psyche after claiming over 5,000 lives in Mexico City. In a country with a long history of supernatural beliefs, the timing of the quakes triggered conspiracy theories and reopened old wounds.  It seems like a thing of the devil,  said Luis Pastrana, a 52-year-old industrial designer who lived through both tremors.  Another Cursed September 19,  Mexican daily El Economista proclaimed on its front page on Wednesday.  In Tlatelolco, a modernist housing project, residents gather every Sept. 19 for morning mass at the site where two tower blocks collapsed 32 years ago, killing hundreds.  On Tuesday, when the ground began to shake several hours after the service, locals swarmed the historic plaza where they congregate after each quake, crying and praying. Some suffered panic attacks. Some were positing that the Mexican government must have known the temblor was coming, and others speculated that North Korea was involved, said Antonio Fonseca, 66, a local history expert.   They believe fantastical things,  he said.  Since there is no explanation, there are lots of rumors.  Situated at the intersection of three tectonic plates, Mexico is one of the world s most earthquake-prone countries, and the capital is particularly vulnerable due to its location on top of an ancient lake bed. Tuesday s quake striking on the 1985 anniversary appeared to be purely coincidental, said Jana Pursley, a geophysicist with the United States Geological Survey, noting that the epicenters were hundreds of kilometers apart. But for some Mexico City residents, the timing may have made lingering anxieties more acute, said Elizabeth Willems, a local psychologist who has treated patients coping with post-traumatic stress disorder from the 1985 disaster.  In a phenomenon known as the  anniversary effect,  distress levels can spike as the date of a traumatic event approaches, Willems said. The repetition of the event would have compounded the stress, she added.  Willems said she had heard from some of her patients who were rattled by the latest quake. The trauma of the 1985 tremor frequently arises, she said.  It s almost like working with someone who was in Manhattan during the events of September 11. It s almost a question I ask automatically: Where were you that day?  she said. Maria del Carmen Herrera, a 60-year-old resident of the Juarez neighborhood who survived the 1985 quake, said she was struck by a premonition during the earthquake drill on Tuesday morning.   I was afraid. I thought, it s going to shake,  she said.  Those of us who survived 1985, we re left marked forever.  For Fonseca, nothing can compare to the devastation of the 1985 quake. But as he watched the ceiling trembling in his 10th-floor apartment on Tuesday, he feared the worst.  I say that coincidences don t exist,  he said.  This was something I don t know how to classify.   ",1
19517,"Once 'kittens' in cyber spy world, Iran gains prowess: security experts","FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Hackers probably linked to Iran s government have hit Saudi and Western aerospace and petrochemical firms, marking a rise in Iranian cyber-spying prowess, security firm FireEye (FEYE.O) said on Wednesday, an assessment shared by other U.S. experts. A FireEye report on Wednesday dubbed the hacker group APT33 and offered evidence of its activities since 2013 in seeking to steal aviation and military secrets, while also gearing up for attacks that might cripple entire computer networks. In a separate but related move last week, the U.S. Treasury Department added two Iran-based hacking networks and eight individuals to a U.S. sanctions list, accusing them of taking part in cyber-enabled attacks on the U.S. financial system. Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, elements of which were also added to the U.S. sanctions list, was not immediately available for comment when contacted by phone by Reuters on Wednesday, the end of the country s working week. FireEye identified APT33 after it was called in to investigate cyber attacks on a U.S. aviation organisation, a Saudi business conglomerate with aviation holdings and a South Korean group with interests in oil refining and petrochemicals. FireEye declined to name the companies.  Iranian fingerprints are all over this campaign, and government fingerprints in particular,  John Hultquist, FireEye s director of cyber espionage analysis, told Reuters.  Right now we are seeing a lot of activity that seems to be classic cyber espionage.  APT33 was the first state-backed group from Iran to join a list FireEye has compiled over more than a decade that identifies campaigns by Chinese, Russian and North Korean cyber spies. APT stands for  Advanced Persistent Threat .  Hultquist said APT33 shared some tools with, but appeared to be distinct from, around 15 different hacking groups with Iranian ties that security researchers have identified in recent years, carrying names like  Shamoon ,  RocketKitten  and  Charming Kitten . The Kitten nomenclature reflected the low level of respect for Iran s hacking capabilities in the past, experts have noted. Several cyber experts described rising maturity and professionalism in Iran s cyber-espionage capabilities.   In recent years, Iran has invested heavily in building out their computer network attack and exploit capabilities,  said Frank Cilluffo, director of George Washington University s Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. Cilluffo, a former homeland security advisor to President George W. Bush, estimated last year in testimony before the U.S. Congress that Iran s cyber budget had jumped twelve-fold under President Rouhani, making it a  top five world cyber-power .  They are also integrating cyber operations into their military strategy and doctrine,  he told Reuters on Wednesday. FireEye said attacks against the Saudi and South Korean groups hit as recently as May and used phishing techniques that involved posting fake job vacancies for Saudi oil jobs to lure corporate victims (goo.gl/mc1BLY). Speaking to reporters in Singapore, FireEye Chief Executive Kevin Mandia said Iranian cyber espionage had grown in sophistication since he first spotted Iranians conducting rudimentary attacks on the U.S. State Department in 2008.  They re good. (They ve) got a real capability there,  Mandia said of Iran. In the investigations of attacks on Western companies and governments that FireEye is hired to do, Iran now ranks with China and Russia in terms of frequency, he said. Iran has been scaling up its cyber capacities since the United States and Israel carried out a cyber assault on Iran in 2010, now known as the  Stuxnet  worm, aimed at disabling centrifuges in its nuclear programme, he said. FireEye s evidence linking Iran to the aviation attacks included the use of the Farsi language in malware that mounted attacks and the fact that hackers observed the Islamic Republic s work week - taking Thursdays off, among other evidence.      FireEye found some ties between APT33 and the Nasr Institute - which other experts have connected to the Iranian Cyber Army, an offshoot of the Revolutionary Guards - but it has yet to find any links to a specific government agency, Hultquist said. He said APT33 had built a destructive attack capacity into the malware used to infect Western companies, but there was no evidence so far it had been activated. However, FireEye believes it is only a matter of time before the group graduates from intelligence gathering to causing lasting damage. Adam Meyer, vice president of CrowdStrike, another top U.S. cyber security firm, said there has been a vast uptick in attacks by Iran against Saudi Arabia since last year. Five years ago, Iran was blamed for a virus attack against oil giant Saudi Aramco and Qatari RasGas, which crippled 30,000 computers at the two organisations. But Meyer said, in hindsight, the  Shamoon  attack was a narrow, unsustained operation. Broader-based attacks against Saudi Arabia since 2016 use similar malware, with some changes, demonstrating Iran s ability to mount on-going campaigns, he said.  This second campaign is being carried out in a sustained way in 2016 and 2017 against the Saudi government, related entities and the telecom sector: They are doing it in a way that seeks to destabilise the Saudi regime,  Meyers said. ",1
19518,Iran regional behavior means nuclear deal not enough: Macron,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday the Iran nuclear deal was not enough given that Tehran had increased its influence in the region and pressed ahead with ballistic missile tests, and offered to mediate between the United States and Iran. Macron, whose country had been one of the toughest negotiators during the talks between Britain, China, Germany Russia, United States and Iran, repeated that it would be an error to scrap the deal.   Is this agreement enough? No. It is not, given the evolution of the regional situation and increasing pressure that Iran is exerting on the region, and given increased activity by Iran on the ballistic level since the accord,  Macron told reporters in New York. Macron said he wanted to discuss possible sanctions over Iran s ballistic missile program, open negotiations immediately on what happens after the limitations to the accord begin to be lifted in 2025 and hold a discussion on the role of Iran in the region.   Let s be honest, the tensions are on the rise, look at the activities of Hezbollah and Iran s pressure on Syria. We need a clear framework to be able to reassure regional countries and the United States,  Macron said, adding that he was ready to mediate between the United States and Iran. Macron said he had not given up on convincing U.S. President Donald Trump, who has called the deal  the worst ever , to change his mind.  The French leader said he believed he had managed to at least convince Trump to allow France and the United Nations to play a mediation role between Tehran and Washington with regard to the situation in Syria, where Iran is a core backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  I proposed that we initiate the work of a contact group at P5 level (Britain, China, Germany, France, Russia), which has been done and we will widen it to represent the political forces in Syria and the regional powers without Iran,  Macron said.  The United Nations Secretary General and France will play the role of mediator for Iran so that we have a parallel negotiation, but that will enable us to include Iran in the process,  he said. The foreign ministers of the P5 will meet to discuss the group Thursday morning at the U.N., where leaders are gathered for the world body s annual general assembly. The last major international attempt to resolve the crisis ended in failure when the International Syria Support Group (ISSG), which included Iran, was cast aside after Syrian government forces retook the rebel stronghold of Aleppo in 2016. Russia, Turkey and Iran have been negotiating separately for months in Astana to try to reduce the violence on the ground by creating de-escalation zones across the country, although those talks do not cover a long-term political solution. The idea of the French initiative would be to revive U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva and press ahead with implementation of an existing U.N. roadmap.   The process in Geneva has stopped and there is only the Astana process which will lead to tensions between the participants because it is a process that is a mechanical partition of Syria,  Macron said. ",1
19519,Ukraine's Poroshenko rejects Russia's 'hybrid' peackeeping offer,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko dismissed a Russian proposal to deploy U.N. peacekeepers in eastern Ukraine as an effort to legalize its proxies and freeze the conflict.  Relations between Kiev and Moscow have never been worse since Russia annexed Crimea more than three years ago and Russian-backed separatist fighters subsequently took up arms against Ukrainian government forces in the east of the country. Russian President Vladimir Putin this month suggested armed U.N. peacekeepers be deployed to eastern Ukraine to help protect ceasefire monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and to help end a conflict between Ukrainian troops and Russia-backed separatists, which has killed more than 10,000 people since 2014. Poroshenko used his speech at the annual gathering of world leaders for the United Nations General Assembly to accuse Moscow of not contributing to international security, but of being its  biggest threat.   The latest hybrid peacekeeping proposal from Moscow is yet another example of Russia s real ambition to legalize its proxies and freeze the conflict forever,  he said.  We remain confident that a fully fledged peacekeeping operation is the only viable solution to de-escalate and protect the people of Ukraine.   Putin originally said the peacekeepers should be deployed along the line of contact between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists, but later said they could also be deployed in other areas where OSCE inspectors work.    The peacekeepers  mandate should cover the entire occupied area, including the Ukrainian-Russian state border. This is the must. As long as the border is used as the main supply route for manpower and weapons to Donbass there will be no peace in my country,  he said.  Kiev and Western countries accuse Russia of providing military backing to the insurgency in eastern Ukraine. Russia denies any direct role in the conflict. Efforts to broker an end to fighting through the so-called Minsk agreements have so far failed. Violence continues with attempted ceasefires repeatedly broken. Western powers fear peace efforts could unravel.  The key problem in Donbass is that Ukraine and Russia strive for different things,  Poroshenko said.  Ukraine wants peace and restoration of its sovereign territory, but Russia wants control of Ukraine and undermines every effort (to get)  our sovereign control on Ukraine s border.  Ukraine s alternative plan would ban any Russian nationals from taking part in a peacekeeping mission which it wants deployed along the part of its border with Russia which it does not control, an idea Moscow has so far balked at. ",1
19520,"Tillerson, Zarif spoke directly at Iran nuclear talks","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif spoke directly during talks at the United Nations on Wednesday in what a European diplomat described as a  very difficult  meeting.   Tillerson and Zarif spoke directly for a relatively long time. There was no real great surprise in the positions expressed,  the diplomat said.  The diplomat said there was unanimity that the nuclear deal was being respected, but the debate had not really focused on its implementation.   There was no real visibility on what the American decision will be in October,  the diplomat said.     ",1
19521,Kenya Supreme Court criticizes election board in verdict on polls,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court on Wednesday criticized the election board for failing to verify official results of last month s presidential election before announcing them, but did not find any individual at the board responsible for the failings. The court was offering a detailed ruling as to why it annulled the Aug. 8 election and ordered a fresh presidential vote within 60 days. The Sept. 1 decision was the first of its kind in Africa. The election board had said incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won the contest by 1.4 million votes, but opposition leader Raila Odinga challenged the result in the Supreme Court. He says the previous two elections were also stolen from him. Kenya is a key Western ally in a region often shaken by violence. Its status as a diplomatic, trade and security hub for East Africa means the court s ruling and preparation for the fresh election, now scheduled for Oct. 17, are being closely watched for signs of instability or violence. On Monday, the French technology company supporting the election said it would be nearly impossible to be ready for that date. The court s Sept. 1 ruling identified some procedural problems, but the key finding against the election board on Wednesday was that officials had announced results before being able to verify them. Kenya used two parallel systems: a quick electronic tally vulnerable to typos and a slower paper system designed as a verifiable, definitive back-up. The official results were based on the electronic tally before the paper results were fully collated, the judges said.  The system was designed that way after a disputed 2007 presidential vote sparked violence that killed around 1,200 people and displaced some 600,000 more.  If elections are not seen to be free and fair, they can trigger instability. We do not need to look far for examples,  said Chief Justice David Maraga. The board overseeing the 2017 vote did not have all the tally forms when it announced results, and some forms lacked security features like water marks, signatures or serial numbers, which calls their authenticity into question, the court said, adding there was no evidence of individual wrongdoing.  Though the petitioner claimed various offences were committed by the issues of the first respondent, that is the IEBC (elections board), no evidence was placed before us to prove that allegation,  Maraga said.  We are therefore unable to impute any criminal intent or culpability.   Odinga has said he will not take part in the repeat election if several demands, including the sacking of senior staff at the election board, are not met.  Judge Philomena Mwilu said the forms should have been quickly available for inspection, noting officials said thousands of forms from polling stations were still unavailable four days after the official results were announced.   The (board) cannot therefore be said to have verified the results,  she said.  It is an inexcusable contravention ... of the election act.  She also censured the board s refusal to comply with court orders to open its computer servers, saying it meant that opposition claims of hacking or manipulation might be true.     Noncompliance or failure by the board to do as ordered must be held against it,  she said. But although the tallying process was questioned, voter registration, identification and voting all appeared to have been  conducted in accordance with the law,  she said.  Opposition claims against Kenyatta were largely dismissed. Maraga said the opposition had failed to show evidence Kenyatta had campaigned using state resources or undue influence.  Two judges read lengthy dissenting opinions and accused their four colleagues who issued the majority judgment of misinterpreting the law and other failings, including not paying attention to the evidence and judicial limits.  As judges spoke, police used tear gas to disperse groups of rival political supporters holding demonstrations outside the Supreme Court.  The election re-run has divided Kenya, with many opposition supporters celebrating it and the president and some members of the ruling party criticizing it harshly.  After the majority decision was read, Deputy President William Rut tweeted:  Evidently a supreme coup on sovereign Will of the people was executed on basis of technicalities against their verdict captured in ballots.  On Tuesday, the chief justice told a news conference that judges were getting threats and the police were not offering adequate protection, an allegation that the chief of police denied. ",1
19522,Democrats in Congress brace for new Iran nuclear fight,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As Congress faces a possible fight over the future of the Iran nuclear agreement, senior Senate Democrats demanded on Wednesday that the Trump administration provide lawmakers with any information showing Tehran is not complying with the international pact. In a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and other Cabinet officials first reported by Reuters, the lawmakers said the administration had not provided any such information, as is required under the 2015 Iran Nuclear Review Act. Republican President Donald Trump has long criticized the nuclear agreement, one of the signature foreign policy achievements of his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. In a speech at the United Nations on Tuesday, Trump blasted the deal reached by the United States, five other world powers and Iran, known as the JCPOA. He called it an  embarrassment to the United States.  Trump is facing a mid-October deadline for certifying whether Iran is still complying with the JCPOA, in which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. On Wednesday, a senior U.S. official said Trump was leaning toward not certifying that Iran is complying with the pact, and letting Congress effectively decide whether to kill the agreement. The 2015 Iran Nuclear Review Act gives Congress the right to vote on whether to reimpose sanctions suspended under the JCPOA, once the president decides to decertify. The law also requires, however, that the president formally notify Congress of any evidence he has to justify that decision. While Wednesday s letter was signed only by Democrats, even some of Trump s fellow Republicans have questioned the wisdom of breaking from the agreement, unless Trump can provide concrete evidence that Iran is not complying with it. Congressional aides from both parties also said leaving the agreement seemed unnecessary, especially when Washington needs to work with international partners on complicated issues like North Korea s nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles program and the civil war in Syria and refugee crisis. Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, said on CNN after Trump s U.N. speech that the United States should stay in the Iran deal, but  enforce the hell out of it.   The Democrats  letter on Wednesday noted that the 2015 review act required the president to provide information to Congress on any Iranian breach of the agreement or compliance concern within 10 days of receiving the information.  To date, the Senate has received no such notification and the Administration has provided little public testimony to Congress on the status of Iranian compliance with the agreement,  the letter said. The letter asked the administration to provide a written report and, where appropriate, public testimony to Senate committees, before Oct. 6, if it is aware of any information suggesting Iran is not complying or that would lead Trump to conclude that the continued suspension of sanctions is not in the U.S. national security interest. The letter to Tillerson, Mattis, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats was signed by Senators Sherrod Brown, Maria Cantwell, Ben Cardin, Richard Durbin, Patrick Leahy, Jack Reed and Mark Warner. ",1
19523,EU's Mogherini says all parties complying with Iran nuclear deal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The European Union s foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Wednesday that all parties to the landmark 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers were complying with the agreement. Mogherini, who spoke at the United Nations after a meeting between the parties, said that any issues outside the scope of the nuclear deal should be dealt with in a different forum. She added that the United States, which has questioned the value of the deal, agreed that Iran was in full compliance of the agreement.     ",1
19524,"Unveiling new Libya plan, U.N. sees opportunity for peace","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations launched a roadmap on Wednesday for a renewed international effort to break a political stalemate in Libya and end the turmoil that followed the country s 2011 uprising. The world body s Libya envoy, Ghassan Salame, set out an  action plan  on the sidelines  of the U.N. General Assembly in New York that proposes amending a 2015 peace deal that quickly stalled. The U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) established under the December 2015 deal never fully materialized in Tripoli, leaving Libya with three competing governments aligned with rival armed alliances.  I am also convinced that today there is an opportunity to end a protracted crisis that has caused immense suffering and contributed to the instability beyond Libya s borders. We must all seize this moment,  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said in an address to key stakeholders.    Hamstrung by internal splits in its nine-member leadership, or Presidency Council, the GNA has been unable to tackle Libya s acute liquidity crisis, save collapsing public services or bring powerful militias to heel. Though oil production has partly recovered and local forces ousted Islamic State from its North African stronghold of Sirte last year, security vacuums in central and southern Libya persist and armed groups control the informal economy. Eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar has gradually strengthened his position on the ground, with support from Egypt and the United Arab Emirates. Lauded by allies for his anti-Islamist stance, Haftar is accused by foes of seeking to reimpose military rule that they fought to overthrow when they toppled veteran ruler Muammar Gaddafi six years ago. GNA Prime Minister Fayez Seraj said he wanted Salame to send a clear message to message to those who could try to subvert the process and make it clear that the GNA was the only party that should be dealt with.  Salame, who took up his post in August, proposed reducing the unwieldy GNA Presidency Council to three members and having it then nominate a new transitional government.  The action plan was not designed by me, but by the Libyans. They want an inclusive process, a way forward which clearly defines stages and objectives,  he said.  Salame said the drafting of the plan would begin next week before the convening of a national conference for all key Libyan actors to join the political process. Securing changes to the 2015 deal would need the approval of a barely functional eastern-based parliament. The European Union and the United States have imposed sanctions on the head of that parliament, Agila Saleh, accusing him of stalling Libya s political process. A delegation from the eastern parliament is expected to start negotiating with members of its Tripoli-based rival assembly. They are under pressure to reach an agreement before Dec. 17, when opponents of the 2015 deal say it expires. Salame, who appeared to suggest a new calendar of a year for the process, must also balance calls for new elections with the need to prepare a legal framework in which they can take place. Elections would require an electoral law, and possibly a referendum, to endorse a new constitution. In 2014, elections were challenged, leading to a major escalation of conflict and the division of Libya s key institutions. France, Britain and Italy, who have all at some point tried to assert their influence in recent weeks, said they were fully on board with Salame s plans.   We must be united behind the roadmap. Our collective credibility is at stake in Libya,  British Prime Minister Theresa May said. ",1
19525,"May, Macron, Gentiloni push for quick removal of extremist online content","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Leaders of France, Italy and the United Kingdom urged social media companies on Wednesday to more swiftly remove  terrorist content  from the internet, with the aim of stopping it from being uploaded in the first place.  The tech companies have made significant progress on this issue, but we need to go further and faster to reduce the time it takes to remove terrorist content online,  British Prime Minister Theresa May said in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly of world leaders in New York. She said there was a need  to increase significantly the efforts to stop (extremist content) being uploaded in the first place.  French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni later pushed in a separate event hosted by May for such content to be removed swiftly.  This is what must be done. In one hour the content must be identified, analyzed and withdrawn to avoid it being broadcast widely. Experience shows that this is possible,  said Macron, speaking through an interpreter.  We have a real battlefield for hearts and minds and (it) is the web,  Gentiloni said. He said economic and privacy issues were a hurdle in this process,  but we also have to know, if we are aware of the fact that this battlefield is so relevant, that we can t reduce our ambition because of the difficulties.  Several websites across the internet list ingredients for making bombs or instructions on how to use vehicles to attack pedestrians. Online retailer Amazon.com said on Wednesday it was reviewing its website after an investigation found it could help users buy the ingredients to make a bomb using its  Frequently bought together  and  Customers who bought this also bought  features. The European Union has threatened legislation if internet companies do not better police what is available on the web.  Removing all of this content within a few hours - or indeed stopping it from appearing on the internet in the first place - poses an enormous technological and scientific challenge,  said Kent Walker, general counsel for Alphabet Inc s Google.  The haystacks here are unimaginably large and the needles are both very small and constantly changing.  Walker spoke on behalf of Facebook Inc, Microsoft Corp, Google subsidiary YouTube and Twitter Inc, all members of the Global Internet Forum to Counter Terrorism created in June under pressure from governments in Europe and the United States after a spate of militant attacks. Its aim is to share technical solutions for removing extremist content and work more closely with counter-terrorism experts. Walker said between August 2015 and June 2017, Twitter had suspended almost a million accounts for the promotion of terrorism, and that the use of technology and artificial intelligence had allowed Facebook to root out  terrorist clusters.  ",1
19526,Palestinian President Abbas says peace closer with Trump engaged,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas expressed optimism on Wednesday about reaching a peace agreement with Israel this year and said U.S. President Donald Trump s commitment to the issue would help create the  deal of the century  in the region. Abbas met Trump on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly gathering of world leaders in New York and thanked him for his support.  If this is any proof to anything ... it attests to the seriousness of your Excellency, Mr. President, to achieve the deal of the century in the Middle East during this year or in the coming months, God willing,  Abbas said through an interpreter. Trump said his team of advisers was working very hard on the issue, as were Israel, Saudi Arabia and other nations.  I think we have a very, very good chance, and I certainly will devote everything within my heart and within my soul to get that deal made,  Trump said.  We re at a very important juncture, there s a small period of time, and we re going to see what we can do. There can be no promises, obviously,  he said. Abbas noted that the Palestinians had met with Trump s team more than 20 times since the U.S. president entered office in January, and he said the fact that Jews and Muslims were celebrating a new year was a positive sign.  This is a very sweet coincidence that we can celebrate the new year together within a 24-hour period, and if this is an indication to anything, it means that we can coexist peacefully together,  Abbas said. Later at the U.N. gathering, Abbas urged the 193-nation body to end the  Israeli occupation of the state of Palestine  within a set timetable. He also borrowed a campaign line of Trump s, using the phrase  draining the swamp  as an argument for addressing the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis. Trump used a similar phrase as a presidential candidate to criticize politicians and policy making in Washington.  Beyond any doubt, draining the swamp of colonial occupation of our land and ending its unjust, oppressive and illegal practices against our people would greatly affect the fight against terrorism, depriving terrorist groups of one of the key rallying cries they exploit to promote their repugnant ideas,  Abbas said in his prepared remarks. Trump met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier in the week. The Israeli and Palestinian leaders both went out of their way to praise the U.S. president.   The White House played down both meetings in terms of their significance toward peace talks on one of the world s most intractable conflicts that has defied the peacemaking efforts of several U.S. administrations going back decades. The Palestinians seek to establish an independent state in the Israeli occupied West Bank, territory captured in the 1967 Middle East war and the Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital. The Palestinian Authority s ambassador to the United States, Husam Zomlot, said  the meeting was forward-looking, and the conversation was deep and frank between the two allies.  The Palestinian Authority said in a statement Abbas told Trump that  peace can be achieved through implementing the two-state solution based on the 1967 borders.  Abbas also said  the illegal Israeli settlements policy poses an immediate threat  to that. For at least two decades, the goal of U.S.-led diplomacy has been a  two-state solution , meaning an independent Palestinian state living side-by-side and at peace with Israel. But neither Trump nor his aides have publicly recommitted to a two-state solution, instead saying it is up to the two parties to work out in peace talks. Abbas  insistence on a return to 1967 pre-war borders is something Israel has repeatedly rejected. ",1
19527,"Togo security forces clash with protesters in north, boy killed","LOME (Reuters) - Security forces in Togo used batons, tear gas and live bullets against protesters seeking an end to President Faure Gnassingbe s rule on Wednesday and a child was killed in the ensuing clashes, according to Amnesty International. Tensions are mounting over the president s tenure and thousands marched nationwide against government reforms announced on Tuesday which they say will allow the Gnassingbe family dynasty to run the West African country until 2030.  There was a 9-year-old boy killed in Mango by military forces. He was shot in the head,  said Francois Patuel, of Amnesty International, citing local sources including family members. Security Minister Damehame Yark confirmed that a child had been shot dead in Mango, hundreds of kilometres north of the capital Lome, but blamed the PNP opposition party. Riots also broke out in the northern city of Bafilo between protesters against Gnassingbe and his supporters, injuring several, opposition leader Jean-Pierre Fabre said at the end of a peaceful march in Lome. The former French colony of 8 million people that is home to several large firms, including Ecobank and regional airline ASKY, has a history of violent political repression. Hundreds were killed in the aftermath of Gnassingbe s contested election win in 2005. Shortly afterward, he pledged to re-introduce the term limits his father scrapped and align Togo with most of its West African neighbors, which are bucking a trend toward life-long presidencies elsewhere on the continent. Gnassingbe, now in his third term, dropped the reforms until parliament this week attempted to cap future presidencies to two terms of five years, but the bill did not get enough backing due to an opposition boycott and will be decided by referendum instead. In Lome, people wearing the red and orange T-shirts of the opposition banged on tam-tams and sang a traditional battle song  Strength to the Great  in the local Ewe language. Others carried a giant banner saying:  People of Togo say No! 50 years is enough!   The referendum is not what we want. We are asking for the president to leave,  said 42-year-old Paulin Kossi.  Nearby, a large crowd gathered on a beachside boulevard to show their support for the UNIR ruling party while a motorcycle parade bearing flags with Gnassingbe s snaked through the streets, flanked by a police escort. Residents also complained of internet cuts - a method increasingly used by governments to stifle criticism at sensitive times. Protests both against and in support of the president are set to resume on Thursday. ",1
19528,Indigenous protesters seize oil wells in Peruvian Amazon: chief,"LIMA (Reuters) - Villagers in the Peruvian Amazon have shut down at least 50 oil wells operated by Frontera Energy Corp to protest talks over a new contract even as past pollution lingers, the leader of an indigenous federation said on Wednesday. Some 600 members of native Achuar communities in the Corrientes River basin seized the wells on Monday along with an electric plant and oil tanks used by the Canadian company in Block 192, the country s biggest oilfield, said Carlos Sandi, president of the Feconacor federation. The latest protest in a region long plagued by complaints of oil pollution came after the center-right government of President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski declined to apply an indigenous rights law as it negotiates with Frontera. The so-called prior consultation law, passed in 2011, requires the government to seek input from indigenous people before approving development plans that might affect them. The growing indigenous anger threatens to disrupt Frontera s plans to keep operating in Peru after its two-year contract expires. Frontera has been negotiating a long-term contract for Block 192 with state energy regulator Perupetro. Tribal leaders had warned they would forcibly halt oil operations there unless their demands were taken into account through prior consultation. Communities in Block 192 mainly want past oil pollution cleaned up and better access to education and healthcare, Sandi said. Frontera, which has operated Block 192 for the past two years, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Protests could expand into other parts of Block 192 as Quechua villagers readied plans to seize 16 additional oil wells and an airport in the Pastaza River basin on Thursday, said Aurelio Chino, president of the indigenous federation Fediquep. Peru s Culture Ministry, charged with protecting indigenous rights, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Last week, the ministry rejected the communities  request for prior consultation, but said the government might reconsider if new measures regarding Block 192 were implemented. Block 192 in Peru s Loreto region produced about 9,500 barrels of oil per day in August, according to official data. ",1
19529,Anti-immigrant AfD alarms German Jews as election looms,"FRANKFURT/BERLIN (Reuters) - Salomea Genin, an 85-year-old Jewish Berliner who fled the Nazis as a child, says she would flee Germany a second time if the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) ever took power. Genin, who holds dual German and Australian nationality, was shocked by comments this month by a top AfD candidate in Sunday s federal election, Alexander Gauland, that Germans should take pride in what their soldiers achieved in two world wars.   I was speechless,  said Genin, who lost 29 family members during the Holocaust, in which the Nazis killed six million Jews.  I never thought that I would again face a movement in Germany with the sort of ideas that are coming out of the AfD.  It is unlikely that Genin, who returned to then-East Germany in 1951 after growing up in Australia, will have to pack her suitcases again any time soon. Although opinion polls suggest the anti-immigrant AfD could become the third biggest party in the lower house Bundestag after the election, other parties have vowed to shun it in negotiations to form a new coalition government.  The AfD, which would be the first postwar far-right party to enter parliament, denies being racist. Germany, home today to an estimated 200,000 Jews, has built a reputation in recent decades as a tolerant, safe place for Jews to live, but official data show anti-Semitic crimes  reported to the police rising 4 percent to 681 in the first eight months of 2017 against the same period last year. The real number is probably much higher.     Nearly 93 percent of reported anti-Semitic crimes were linked to far-right extremism, despite predictions that a large growth in the Muslim population since Europe s 2015 migrant crisis could fuel attacks or discrimination against Jews.  Police statistics and new private reporting sites report a growing number of anti-Semitic crimes. In addition, we have the impression that anti-Semitic sentiments are being expressed without reservation on social media,  said Josef Schuster, president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany. Schuster s group has urged political parties and non-governmental organizations to work together to combat right-wing extremism. It has also backed calls for the German government to appoint a special commissioner for anti-Semitism. Chancellor Angela Merkel s cabinet on Wednesday adopted a broader definition of anti-Semitism backed by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance, and promised a  resolute and consistent battle against every form of anti-Semitism .  But it did not announce a special commissioner or adopt four other recommendations made by an independent council of experts. Volker Beck, a member of the pro-environment Greens party, accused the government of complacency.  We can t work magic, but doing nothing is just negligent. When the word  Jew  is used as a schoolyard taunt, something has to happen. We should be alarmed,  Beck told Reuters. German schools have long taught about the Holocaust, but rights groups say the rise of the AfD and other far-right parties has lowered the barrier for anti-Semitic comments and other hate speech. Miriam Marhoefer, a 37-year-old Jewish social worker from Mannheim, drew a parallel with France, which some Jews now regard as unsafe following increased attacks on them there.  My biggest fear is that (Germany) will become like France, where Jews are once again emigrating,  said Marhoefer.  Marhoefer is taking part in a two-year-long course run by a branch of a century-old Jewish welfare league that helps people to combat anti-Semitism in their communities. Such programs are particularly important for people outside cities with large Jewish communities, said Anna Sodki, 45, a Jewish economist from Bergisch-Gladbach, near Cologne.  For a long time, we felt safe,  she said.  But now, I don t wear my Star of David out anymore. You never know who you re going to be sitting next to on the train.  The Central Council is also training about 40 Jewish youths aged 15 to 20 to visit German classrooms to challenge stereotypes and combat ignorance. Dimitri Bilyarchyk, a 20-year-old student who took the training, said the word  Jew  was often used as a slur and that young people in his native Bavaria often referred to their last sip of beer as the  Judenschluck  or  Jewish sip .  It s only words. But many things start with words, and I think language is really important in this context,  he said.  The official AfD program says  we stand with the Jews . To which I say, and I think I speak for all Jews in Germany, please stand somewhere else,  Bilyarchyk added.  When you incite hatred against one group of people ... be they Jews or Muslims or gay people, it s not long before they switch from Muslims to us.  ",1
19530,U.S. 'strongly opposes' Iraqi Kurdish independence vote: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States  strongly opposes  the planned independence referendum by Iraqi Kurds and urges Iraqi Kurdish leaders to engage in negotiations with the Baghdad government instead, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday. In the most forceful U.S. statement so far opposing the referendum, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said:  The United States strongly opposes the Iraqi Kurdistan Regional Government s referendum on independence, planned for September 25.  ",1
19531,"More than 60 years on, Japan's mercury-poison victims fight to be heard","MINAMATA, Japan (Reuters) - Shinobu Sakamoto was just 15 when she left her home in the southern Japanese fishing village of Minamata to go to Stockholm and tell the world of the horrors of mercury poisoning. Forty-five years on, she is traveling again, this time to Geneva, to attend from Sunday a gathering of signatories to the first global pact to rein in mercury pollution. Sakamoto is one of a shrinking group of survivors from a 1950s industrial disaster in which tens of thousands of people were poisoned after waste water from a chemical plant seeped into the Minamata bay. (Graphic link reut.rs/2jIdmUS) The waste contained a toxic organic compound, methylmercury, which can cause severe damage to the brain and nervous system, leading to a condition called Minamata disease. It gives its name to the U.N.-backed treaty that took effect last month. Symptoms worsen with age, leaving some victims grappling with the question of who will care for them after the death of  siblings and parents, while others face legal disputes.  If I don t say something, no one will know about Minamata disease,  said Sakamoto, who is one of the few born with the disease who is still able to talk.  There are still so many problems, and I want people to know.  Just 528 people survive from among the 3,000 certified victims of Minamata disease, environment ministry data shows.  More than 20,000 people have sought to be designated victims,  hoping for legal compensation.  We need to take seriously the fact that there are still many people raising their hands,  said ministry official Koji Sasaki, referring to victims  efforts to win recognition.  Born in a family of shipbuilders whose home overlooks the Minamata bay, Jitsuko Tanaka, 64, used to play on the beach with her older sister, picking and eating shellfish, unaware it was contaminated with mercury. She was almost three, and her sister five, when they lost the ability to move their hands freely and walk properly, becoming the first to be identified as disease sufferers. Tanaka s older sister died at age eight. Tanaka survived, but the poisoning left her too weak to walk without support. A few years ago, her family says, even that became impossible. As she lay motionless in bed, her brother-in-law, a fellow sufferer, said he worried about the patients left behind when family members die.    After I die, who will take care of her?  asked Yoshio Shimoda, 69. Sixty-one years since Minamata disease was identified in 1956, the grim struggles have eased for only a few. Before the government named methylmercury as its cause in 1968, disease sufferers faced discrimination over fears it was contagious, which deterred many from seeking legal recognition.  People still send in decades-old umbilical cords to be checked for contamination, hoping for evidence to support their claims to be designated as victims, said Hirokatsu Akagi, director of Minamata s International Mercury Laboratory. Sakamoto, poisoned while still in the womb, considers it her duty to tell the world about the dangers of mercury.  Minamata disease isn t over; it s not a thing of the past.  ",1
19532,Tanzania shuts down another 'days numbered' newspaper,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania s government has closed a critical newspaper for the second time in three months, banning the weekly MwanaHalisi for two years after accusing it of inciting violence. Another newspaper   Mawio   was banned in June over articles it published linking two former presidents to alleged improprieties in mining deals signed in the 1990s and early 2000s. The moves appear to cement President John Magufuli s pledge in January that the days of newspapers his government viewed as unethical  were numbered    a statement that triggered concerns about censorship.  The government has suspended publication and circulation of the weekly MwanaHalisi newspaper for 24 months ... due to repeated unethical reporting, publishing fabricated and inciting articles and endangering national security,  the state-run Tanzania Information Services said in a statement. The body said MwanaHalisi published a series of inciteful articles about Magafuli and that its editors had refused to apologize for their reporting.  Magufuli, nicknamed  the bulldozer , has won some praise from Western donors for an anti-corruption drive and cutting wasteful public spending. But opponents accuse him of increasingly undermining democracy by curbing dissent and stifling free speech. Tanzania has one of the most highly diverse media industries in Africa, with over 450 registered newspapers and journals, as well as 180 radio and television stations. In November, Magufuli signed into law a bill that journalists said was aimed at muzzling freedom of the press. The Media Services Act of 2016 gives officials powers to shut down media organizations that violate their licenses and requires newspapers to apply for an annual license. ",1
19533,Pence tells U.N. that America first does not mean America alone,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s policy of  America First does not mean America alone,  Vice President Mike Pence told the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday as he urged reform to make peacekeeping missions more efficient, effective, accountable and credible. The 15-member council discussed how to improve peacekeeping operations during the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations. There are currently 15 U.N. peacekeeping missions, costing more than $7.3 billion for the next year.  Since January, Trump s U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley has led a push to cut costs and is reviewing the mandate of each operation as annual mandates come up for renewal by the Security Council. Trump wants to cap the U.S. share of the peacekeeping bill at 25 percent, down from 28.5 percent, a level he says is  unfair.  The United States is a veto-wielding member of the council, along with Britain, France, Russia and China.  Peacekeeping missions must support a political solution; have the consent of the host country; its mandates must be realistic and achievable; every mission must have an exit strategy; and the United Nations peacekeeping missions must adjust to progress and failure,  Pence said.  In short, when a mission succeeds, we should not prolong it. When a mission underperforms, we should restructure it. And when a mission consistently fails to fulfill the mandates of this council, we should end it,  he said.  The Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Wednesday pushing for improved accountability, transparency and effectiveness and to make peacekeepers more flexible. Critics worry that harsh cuts could harm operations in volatile African states.  U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has pledged to make U.N. peacekeeping more efficient but has noted that the current budget to fund it is less than one half of 1 percent of global military spending.  Across the years and across the globe, fifty-five peacekeeping operations have successfully completed their mandate,  Guterres told the council on Wednesday.  Many political missions have done the same.  He appealed for the Security Council to ensure mandates for missions were clear and that operations were well equipped. ",1
19534,U.S. will consider resuming halted military aid to Egypt: Trump,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The United States will consider resuming some suspended military assistance to Eypt, U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday. The U.S. government last month decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay a further $195 million over human rights concerns. Asked if he would restart military to aid to Egypt, Trump told reporters as he began a meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi:  We re going to certainly consider it.  On Aug. 27, sources said the Trump administration decided to  reprogram  $65.7 million in fiscal year 2017 Foreign Military Financing funds and $30 million in fiscal year 2016 Economic Support Fund funds.  Reprogramming  means these funds would be used for other purposes and would not go to Egypt. The administration made a separate decision to withhold $195 million in fiscal year 2016 Foreign Military Financing funds which, had it not acted, would have expired and ceased to be available at the end of the current fiscal year on Sept. 30. These sums are relatively small in comparison to U.S. aid flows to Egypt historically. According to a March 2017 report by the bipartisan Congressional Research Service, between 1948 and 2016 the United States gave Egypt $77.4 billion in bilateral foreign aid, including $1.3 billion a year in military aid from 1987 to the present. ",1
19535,Trump's Central America plan will not boost militarization: Honduras president,"(Reuters) - The Trump administration s effort to combat violence and poverty in Central America will not mean greater militarization in Honduras, the country s president, Juan Orlando Hernandez, said in an interview. Under a plan formulated by U.S. President Donald Trump s chief of staff John Kelly when he was secretary of Homeland Security, the United States is seeking to shore up Central America by financing development projects and getting Mexico to do more to stem the flow of immigrants from the region. Non-governmental organizations and think tanks have voiced concern that the plan, pitched as an effort to boost Central American economic growth, could instead herald a greater militarization in a violent region where coups and gang killings have been commonplace. Central America is one of the most violent regions on earth, though the murder rate in Honduras fell to 59 killings per 100,000 people last year from 90.4 in 2012.  But the Trump administration has not provided any increase in military support aside from police training and a modest bump in support from USAID, Hernandez told Reuters during an interview in New York. Still, Honduras  president says the relationship between the United States and Honduras is  probably better than ever,  noting improved cooperation Hernandez believes will boost investment and security in the Central American region.  We are closer than before,  Hernandez said.  It is really important for them what s going on with Central America and we are working together on economic growth, which is very important, investment, creating jobs and we are working together on security.  Hernandez said the security of Honduras was of a primary interest to Americans, even if they were not completely aware of it.  We have a saying (in Honduras),  If the people in Washington realize that lack of security, lack of preparedness in Central America is dangerous, very dangerous for the U.S. they have to work together with us to create in Central America a region of prosperity, investment, opportunities,  he said.  That s going to be one of the best investments of the (American) people, in their best interest and in ours.  Additionally, Honduras will continue to work with the International Monetary Fund, Hernandez said, provided his government is victorious in this year s election. The IMF recently finished a review mission in the country. ",1
19536,Brazil Supreme Court sends new Temer graft charges to Congress,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A majority of the judges on Brazil s Supreme Court voted on Wednesday to send new graft charges against President Michel Temer to the lower house of Congress, which must authorize any trial of a sitting president. Last month, Temer s allies in Congress blocked the first corruption charge against the president, saving him from facing a possible Supreme Court trial that could have ousted him from office. ",1
19537,"'It's not over yet,' Merkel warns supporters before vote","HAMBURG (Reuters) - Returning to her birthplace, Chancellor Angela Merkel urged supporters to mobilize undecided voters before Sunday s election, telling them not to take her conservatives  solid lead in opinion polls for granted. Surveys show many voters are still undecided and, with the election likely to return a fractured parliament, she wants to maximize support to bolster her position in coalition negotiations.  What I ve heard in the last days is unbelievable ... that everything is already decided,  the 63-year-old told a crowd of several hundred packed into the Fish Auction Hall in Hamburg.  It is not. Every vote counts!  Noting that the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), her closest rivals, have not ruled out a left-wing coalition with the Left party and the environmentalist Greens - a tie-up untested at national level - Merkel added:  We live in turbulent times. We can t afford any experiments.    In these times, we need stability and security, and a clear path, both at home and abroad,  she said. Before Merkel spoke in Hamburg, a band pumped up the crowd, belting out  Celebration  by Kool & The Gang and Bryan Adams   Summer Of  69 . One or two greying supporters stood up and danced. SPD leader Martin Schulz told broadcaster RTL he believed there could still be a last-minute swing in his party s favor.  The experience of all elections, national or international, show that the number of undecided people is growing more and more,  Schulz said.  Everything is still possible.  A win for him would be against the run of the opinion polls. On Tuesday, a weekly survey conducted by Forsa showed support for Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc - known as the  Union  - at 36 percent, its lowest since April, but still far ahead of the SPD, on 23 percent. Attention in Germany is largely turning to who Merkel will govern with after the election, rather than whether she will stay in power. Latest surveys suggest that only another grand coalition of Merkel s conservatives with the SPD or a nationwide untested three-way  Jamaica  alliance of the conservatives, FDP and Greens would have a stable majority. A coalition involving the FDP could limit her room for maneuver on pressing ahead with euro zone reform. Without detailing how she wanted to develop the EU, Merkel delivered an impassioned defense of the European project, saying she regretted Britons  vote to leave the bloc.  I could stand here and talk for hours about how arduous Europe often is,  she said, before adding:  It always is worth standing up for Europe, even just because it gives us peace and freedom.  ",1
19538,South Korea says Trump's warning to North Korea 'firm and specific',"SEOUL/TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s speech to the United Nations, where he warned he would  totally destroy  North Korea if threatened, reinforced the need for Pyongyang to realize it must give up its nuclear weapons, South Korea said on Wednesday. In a hard-edged speech to the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday, Trump mocked North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  for his repeated ballistic missile tests.  We view the speech as portraying a firm and specific stance on the key issues regarding keeping peace and safety that the international community and the United Nations are faced with,  the office of South Korean President Moon Jae-in said in a statement on Wednesday.  It clearly showed how seriously the United States government views North Korea s nuclear program as the president spent an unusual amount of time discussing the issue,  the presidential Blue House s statement said. Trump s speech  reaffirmed that North Korea should be made to realize denuclearization is the only way to the future through utmost sanctions and pressure , it said. Moon came to power in May on a platform of more engagement with North Korea. Since Pyongyang s sixth and largest nuclear test earlier on Sept. 3, however, Moon has said the time is not right for dialogue. He and Trump plan to meet in New York early on Wednesday U.S. time, Moon s office said. Trump s most direct military threat to attack North Korea was his latest expression of concern about Pyongyang s repeated weapons tests.  The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea,  Trump told the 193-member world body.  Rocket man is on a suicide mission for himself and his regime.  U.S. ally Japan, which Pyongyang often threatens to destroy, has taken a consistently hard line on North Korea, pushing for increased sanctions and pressure.   We greatly appreciate President Trump s approach to changing North Korea s policy stance, denuclearizing the country and calling on the international community, including China and Russia, for their cooperation toward strengthening pressure on North Korea,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters. Suga also welcomed Trump s reference to a Japanese girl who was kidnapped by North Korean agents in 1977. The plight of abductees is a key issue for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has pledged to rescue them while in office, and an emotive one for the Japanese public. North Korea admitted in 2002 it had kidnapped 13 Japanese in the 1970s and 1980s to train spies. Five of them returned to Japan but Tokyo suspects that hundreds more may have been taken.  North Korea, which has conducted more than 80 missile tests under third-generation leader Kim, says it needs its weapons to protect itself from U.S. aggression. South Korea and the United States are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty. U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis told an Air Force event on Wednesday that the effort to deal with Pyongyang was still diplomatically-led even as he acknowledged the  somber reality  that the Pentagon needed to have military options at the ready. U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley, speaking to CBS News, said on Wednesday the United States had lots of military options on North Korea that stop short of totally destroying the country, adding:  There are steps that lead up to that.   No one wants war, the president doesn t want war. We have tried to do this through dialogue, we have tried to do this through sanctions, we have tried every diplomatic measure that we possibly can. We re not giving up on diplomatic efforts,  she said.  The U.N. Security Council has unanimously imposed nine rounds of sanctions on North Korea since 2006, the latest earlier this month aimed at restricting fuel supplies and cutting off textile exports, a key foreign exchange earner. The United States has urged China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, and Russia to do more to rein in Kim, something Trump appeared to allude to in his speech.  It is an outrage that some nations would not only trade with such a regime but would arm, supply and financially support a country that imperils the world with nuclear conflict,  Trump told the General Assembly. China s Foreign Ministry, asked to respond to Trump s comments about destroying North Korea if it had to, said U.N. resolutions were clear the Korean peninsula issue should be resolved peacefully through political and diplomatic means. The resolutions passed by the U.N. Security Council on North Korea reflected the  common will and consensus of the international community  to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular briefing. ",1
